Amateurish! 	业余水平！ 
You know, for the past five years I've thought of you 	你知道，在过去五年里我只是把你当做 
I'm not. With the great players here, anyone could win. 	我不喜欢。和这里那些伟大的选手一起，任何人都能赢。 
I thought you loved painting. 	我以为你喜欢涂油漆。 
The device is delivered, instantaneously causing	仪器装好后，马上产生
Military office director louis caldera immediately issued an apology, acknowledging that the flyover caused "confusion and disruption."	白宫军事办公室主任路易斯卡尔德拉随即发布了一个道歉，承认这次航拍引起了“惶恐和混乱”。
I'll get the keys. We'll go right now. Let's go!	我去拿车钥匙。我们这就出发。走吧！
OK, uh... Here's her picture. 	嗯，啊……这是她照片 
America's huge budget deficit, economists say, is being bankrolled by china to the tune of one billion dollars per day through its purchase of us treasury bills--200 billion dollars last year and possibly as much as 300 billion dollars already this year.	经济学家们表示，多亏中国每天购买多达10亿美元的美国国债，美国的巨额预算赤字才得以缓解。去年中国购买美国国债总额为2000亿，而今年到目前为止可能已经达到3000亿美元。
Yeah, where do you want us? Stand by.	好吧，需要我们做什么？待命。
I've heard of that you took 5600 dollars 	我听说你拿了5600美元 
Gas tube in the hole. 	充气管塞入孔内。 
He's kind of a nutjob. 	他有点神经质。 
I see not a problem,	我看到的不是问题，
I don't have a page. 	我没有网页。 
I fucked up this morning. 	我今早把事情搞砸了。 
Yes. Here's an interesting bed with a mixture of daffodils, violets, lilies of the valley andbluebells. 	是啊，这个花坛很有趣，既有水仙、紫罗 兰，又有铃兰和越橘。 
But there are concerns that academic dishonesty could harm its image in the world.	但也有人担心学术欺诈可能会损害它在世界上的形象。
I took pictures on my phone and printed 'em out. 	我之前用手机拍下来打印出来了。 
I'll have it open in a second with this crowbar.	我马上就能用撬子打开它。
Tracing back, we could be proud that the two countries have established historic ties with one another for a fairy long time: as early as 1842, namely, three years after the foundation of new zealand, some chinese had set their feet on the land of new zealand.	追溯历史的足迹，中新两国的关系发展由来已久：早在1842年的时候，也就是在新西兰国家建立后的第三年，就有了中国人踏上新西兰国土的纪录。
That will be useful in Manchester. What's the hold - up?	在曼彻斯特这将会很有用有什么用吗？
A part of him lives within me, doesn't it? 	他的一部分活在我的体内，是吗？ 
I'm taking you off this one. don't.	我带你离开这。别这样。
We may have bought a little extra time there.	我们拖延了一点时间。
Others say mr bernanke has abused friedman's legacy.	但也有人认为伯克南滥用了弗里德曼的遗产。
Chang, you have a house outside the Forbidden City. Do you not?	张，你在紫禁城外有房子。不是吗？
As you can see, in place is also a photo mat.	你看的到这里满地都是招贴画。
I'm sorry. I have several clients today. 	抱歉，我今天排了很多病人。 
In 25 minutes tops.	最多只用25分钟。
Never got into the Russians. 	从来看不懂那些俄国人的书。 
Hopefully, that tarnished trophy wife of his is excluded. 	希望没把那败坏的战利品妻子写进去。 
I'd rather have had a retarded one. 	我宁愿要个智障儿。 
Laborers help transport a truck full of fresh dates to sukkur in pakistan's sindh province on july 26.	劳动者帮助运输卡车7月26日在巴基斯坦信德省苏库尔鲜枣。
Of course, but it's a fool's move in any game to overreact.	当然了，但是这么反应过激就很不明智了。
I don't know if he was followed or his investigation into me raised a red flag,	我不知道他是不是被跟踪了或是他调查我引起了别人的注意，
Just...just unhook my car. 	快...快放下我的车。 
Get upstairs! Go on, you, upstairs. 	上楼去！快点，你，上楼。 
She burns bright... And free.	她一把火烧尽了…未来还有她的自由。
Sure it wasnt the tv, mrs. levy?	你肯定那不是电视吗，莱维太太
Would you let me stop your heart? 	你愿不愿意让我帮你停止你的心跳？ 
I do wear flannel pajamas. 	所以我穿法兰绒睡衣。 
She's got paint on her overaiis! What is that? 	她的工作服上有油漆！这算什么？ 
What you do best.	做你们最擅长的。
Ahh, I'm sorry, I can't hear you. You're breaking up. 	啊，不好意思，我听不清。要断线了。 
Wilde made clear from the outset that he wished to show not only the thrills and pleasures of a ruthlessly aesthetic life but also its limits and dangers.	王尔德从一开始就非常明确，他希望不仅展示一个无情的审美生活的刺激和乐趣，也揭示其局限和危险。
I'm the one who needs to step up. Remember?	有待提高的人是我。记得吗？
We got a bonus for finishing ahead of schedule.	我们因为提前完成了任务而获奖金。
Jesus Christ, Tom. 	上帝啊，汤姆。 
She should be doing her job and not bothering my advisors, 	她应该做她自己的工作，而不是来质疑我， 
You live in happy valley? He lives in happy valley too.	你不是住在跑马地的吗？他又是住跑马地的。
Lindsay found on the gun we might have something.	可能会有什么发现。
What happen to the host?	宿主是什么？
Do you want to go in? It's freezing. 	想进去吗？外面好冻。 
In other words, as organisms evolved into dozens of species, they all retained this region of this gene exactly as it was in the ancestor organism.	也就是说，生物体进化成几十种物种，它们都保有祖生物体中那段基因组。
So you killed him, right? A man that worked for my father. 	所以你杀了他，对吗？替我爸办事的人。 
The company would check huawei's equipment for bugs and install and service the equipment.	这家美国公司会检查华为产品的缺陷，负责产品的安装和售后服务。
And no enemies. 	也不树敌。 
He's toying with my mind like a cat with a ball of something. 	他在玩弄我想小猫玩什么球一样。 
We're gonna stick this in the heel of our shoe,	我们把这玩意藏在鞋后跟里，
Or you can page me at .	或者你可以呼叫我。
Even in a coma, my mother could sense trouble. 	即使被药昏过去了，我妈还是能感觉到我惹的麻烦。 
On a few nights in the spring, when the moon and the tides are just right, and this is one of them,	在春天的少数几个夜晚，当月光和潮水合适的时候，还有它们中这一位，
Don't go into their land	不经她们的国界吧
Come on. I really wanted to sing for you.	我真的想为你唱歌的。
I see you took the yo - yo over the fake teeth,	我看到你把那个悠悠球在你的假牙前面晃，
Women need to like the job of the guy they're with.	女人得喜欢和她们一起的男人的工作。
Complimentary bottle of wine. 	提供一瓶免费的葡萄酒。 
It's a zero - tolerance offence. 	是学校绝对不能容忍的行为。 
okay. Recipe number one. 	好吧，秘方一号。 
They crated him off to the zoo hospital.	他们把他送进了动物园医院。
Rising above the central plain 	中央平原之中 
You should really open up this place to the public, Pritchett.	你真的应该把这个地方向公众开放，普里切特先生。
She knows everything. Put your faith in her power.	她知道一切。请真诚地相信她。
Good. Can I get you anything? 	很好。帮你叫杯东西吧？ 
The birds position themselves one behind the other.	它们一个紧跟一个。
And christmas is a timeof love and forgiveness.	而圣诞是关于爱和原谅的节日。
You must've guessed.	你一定猜到了。
The way she smiled at them... 	她对他们微笑的样子... 
Well, I became a vegetarian.	好吧，我那时改做了素食者。
Like hot, you know? - all right. 	又性感，不是吗？- 好了。 
All right, I better get back,	好的，我要回去了，
When's the next bus for Ravenna? 	下一班往拉文纳的巴士何时到？ 
No good. Nobody does westerns any more.	不好。现在没人拍西部片
Paul pierce and ray allen are both aging and are going to need more breathers.	保罗-皮尔斯和雷-阿伦都老了，他们需要更多的休息。
I love you and I never want to lose you again. 	我爱你我不想再失去你。 
He was setting up a fall guy. Figured it was worth the risk. 	他打算找个替罪羊，以为冒个险也值。 
They may have been put away, anderton might have found them.	这些照片可能已经被收好了，只不过可能是安德顿找出来的。
If you buy something. 	你买东西么？ 
Losing a loved one heightens the risk of a heart attack.	失去心爱之人会增加患心脏病的风险。
Stop! - I can't stop. 	停下- 我停不下来。 
Key state projects proceeded smoothly.	国家重点建设进展顺利。
Speakers from industry and academia will examine the latest trends in the management of innovation, from laboratory to marketplace.	来自业界与学界的发言人将研讨从实验室到市场，创新管理的最新趋势。
Guys, when is your next album coming out?	各位你们什么时候出新专辑?
Why bother ask and why bother answer? 	施主何必问？贫尼何必说？ 
This tome has not survived; it probably defended paul of antioch.	本大部头没有存活，它可能捍卫安提阿保罗。
For example, mayor michael bloomberg comes across not only as a courageous change-agent in new york city, but a hypocritical pol.	以迈克尔•彭博市长为例，在布里尔笔下，他不仅是纽约市变革英勇无畏的推动者，还是个伪善的政客。
But you've taken the time to search question 	但是你专门腾出时间找问题 
Laurence, if I wanted somebody to puta damper on the idea, I'd have asked you first.	劳伦斯,要是我想找人说点丧气话,我第一个就会找你的.
Somewhere over the Atlantic. 	停止向控制台报告它的位置。 
I come here two years, although the deep alley; that lives in a hamlet all the time is devious god-given also and kosher.	我来这里两年了,一向栖身在一个小村的深巷;当然荒僻也可贵清净。
Oh, hello. How are you? - very well, thank you. 	噢，嗨。你好吗？- 很好，谢谢。 
He used to love watching people watch movies. 	他就喜欢看着大家看电影。 
Golfing Package 	高尔夫球包 
I want you to find them. 	我要你找到他们 
I'm out of the game. Bench me, bench me. 	我已经出局了放过我，放过我吧。 
Now, the point here is that they fought as a family. 	所以他们打仗如同一个家庭。 
Since when do you long board?	你什么时候开始玩长形板了？
When he said I got the job, I...	当他说我被录用时，我...
I'm supposed to have an appointment with Dr. McKay? 	我和麦凯医生有个预约？ 
wasn't too happy about it.	不是很高兴。
AII right! Way to go! 	太好了！这边走！ 
What will we have? We're going down. 	我们现在怎么办？我们下去。 
Indeed, the then king did on several occasions ask ethnic nepalis not to leave.	事实上，国王在那之后曾在好几个场合呼吁尼泊尔族人不要离开。
I became another shallow Hollywood celebrity,	我变成一位肤浅的好莱坞明星时开始的，
Don't panic if there's an emergency. Follow all instructions from the flight crew.	如果出现紧急情况不要惊慌，按照航务人员的所有指示做。
One of a kind. - really? 	世上仅此一件- 是吗？ 
When you are free of your attachments,	当你从执著中解脱出来时，
The way they were taking out drawers -  	拔出所有的抽屉 -  
I thought you were a drunk. 	我以为你是个酒鬼。 
Because serial killers don't dump their victims in the garbage. Let's go. Out!	因为连环杀手不会在垃圾桶里抛尸。走了。出去！
She knows things.	她了解很多事情。
Data synthesis: psychological consultation and treatment conducted in china is much later, which is immature and imperfect in many aspects, especially the ethical research and education.	资料综合:心理咨询与治疗在中国起步较晚,各方面还欠成熟和完善,尤其是伦理学研究及伦理学教育。
Get him on a low - dose vasodilator.	给他注射少量血管舒张剂。
You sent a chauffeur? How did  these people rule the world? 	你派来司机？这些人是如何来操控世界的？ 
Firms in the southern chinese manufacturing belt are being painfully squeezed.	中国南部制造产业带的企业正经历着财政拮据。
I was a scholar - warrior in training. 	我是个文武双才的秀才。 
I bought a girl at work some chocolates. 	我给公司的一个女生买了些巧克力。 
You have to go out with him? You mean out like ``out``? 	你我要和他出去约会？你的约会是指那个“约会”？ 
G 'day, Paul. How are you, mate? 	你好，保罗。你好，朋友。 
If you don't have the stomach for the spectacle, you'll find that Spain lies that way. 	如果你不能适应这个场景西班牙，就在那边请便。 
Alicante airport is approximately one hour drive away.	阿利坎特机场约一小时离去。
Count to five. 	从一数到五。 
Because you don't sort of milk the cash cow. 	因为在不能在向前走之前。 
You may want to use a backup method.	你可能需要事后防护。
Or he'll walk all over us and ruin our plans.	 或者他会走过去，我们都毁了我们的计划。
We'll help her raise the baby. 	我们得帮她抚养孩子。 
Hey, why are you taking her side?	你怎么站在她那边？
I never wanted this, alone he / she wanted. 	我没想到会变成这样子，只有他/她想。  
I take it it went well. Yeah. 	希望一切都顺利。当然。 
Hung-chien had not gone to bed yet.	鸿渐在房里还没有睡。
Like a - a Roman soldier. A general.	像古罗马士兵。像将军一样。
I get into fights with judges. 	我和法官们有争论。 
Because these results suggest that a person's attitude to life is inherited, they serve as a stark warning to all buoyant optimists that trying to cheer the rest of the world up with nothing more than a smile and an effortlessly sunny disposition is doomed to failure.	因为这些结果暗示着，一个人的生活态度得自於遗传，就像是对所有飘飘然的乐观主义者发出严峻的警告说，只想要用微笑和轻松的阳光个性来振奋这个世界，是注定要失败的。
But I want to dance with you. 	但我想和你跳。 
I assigned it a point value system, based on the alphabet,	我根据字母表，把它会成一个点值程式，
Certainly, industrialised countries are eager to argue that they remain open for business.	当然，工业国都在急切地申辩，说自己仍然对商业开放。
And his computer makes this place	他的电脑多得能把这个地方
I can't tell you... They're all sitting there...	我说不出来... 他们坐在那里...
This is, not to mince words, just insane.	如我直言，这种做法简直是荒唐的。
I think you just go away, like the light turns off.	我想就是离开了呗就像灯灭了。
There is something he guards for you. 	他留下了保护你的东西。 
No, that... That's, that's wrong. 	不，那…… 那，那不对。 
We have an opportunity.	咱面前有一个机遇。
Of course, she's not the only one with problems. They have taken everything -	当然，不只是她一个有问题。他们还要做一切-
Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of god.	我又告诉你们，骆驼穿过针的眼，比财主进神的国还容易呢。
There's been a development in the investigation of the assassination attempt. 	总统暗杀未遂事件有了新进展。 
I mean, I'm in high school.	你看，我还在上高中。
Now he has more photo-opportunities.	现在，他有了更多的出镜机会。
Just a moment, please. There we go.	稍等一下，来了。
You just want him to have surgery 'cause it'll look good for your boards. 	你想让他做手术是为了丰富简历吧。 
You threatened to shave my head. - this is what we do. 	你还威胁说把我头发剃光- 老娘的风格如此。 
She'd kill 100...	她会杀100...
Because they'll take you away from me.	因為它們把你從我身邊帶走。
Good. I need you at least five metres from the scout ship. Close together.	好.我需要你们离侦察船至少有五米远,靠在一起.
I don't want to go on this vacation. 	我不想去度这个假了。 
Yeah, he emptied his accounts when he went underground, but he didn't get much. 	对他在潜逃前清空了账户但没拿到多少。 
And while researching Virginia, I... 	在研究弗吉尼亚的时候我... 
President sarkozy then stepped onto our boat. He started talking very agitatedly in french.	萨科奇总统跳上了我们的船.他非常激动,说了一堆法语.
An aries will have a kind of difficult choice in love this 2011.	2011年白羊座将在爱情方面面临一种困难的选择。
You go and sit down, l `ll do it 	你坐下，你坐下，我包饺子 
Friends, no school, no life.	朋友，没有学校，没有生活。
Yeah, I remember her and her punk in shining armor. 	是的，我记得她还有她一起的衣着闪亮的小阿飞。 
Because although I love him, I don't trust him.	因为尽管我爱它，我却不相信它。
Bukovak doesn't waste any time. 	布克瓦不会浪费任何时间。 
I can't because I'm with a client so  	我不可以因为我正在陪一个客人所以 
The weast and target me and vote me out.	把矛头指向我把我淘汰了。
Tourniquet. Tourniquet.	止血带。止血带。
We're not gonna start with all this puppy - dog - face, 	别来装可爱那一套， 
Yeah, I know how it is. 	我知道那感觉。 
So you have been accused of being a pedophile.	你将被指控是个恋童癖者。
Monetary policy has played a contributing role in the current cpi spike.	此番cpi快速上涨，货币政策也起到了推波助澜的作用。
I have a surgery.	我有台手术。
Perfect place for a superhero lair.	作超级英雄的秘密基地再合适不过。
I can create an acoustic fingerprint for this shooting. 	我能对这个枪声的声纹进行采样。 
We talked and laughed and had such a great time.	咱有说有笑的度过一段好时光。
All the way up here.	一直往上走。
Move the detergent. 	把洗涤剂挪一挪。 
An unnervingly prolific writer, ms oates has never before let her gaze linger so strongly on herself.	奥茨是个惊人的多产作家，但她此前从未把目光如此强烈地停驻在自己身上。
Its dominance is the result of the company's capitalizing on the chinese government's strict censorship regulations.	这种主导地位离不开公司对中国政府严格的互联网审查机制的从善如流。
All right, college boy, I'll help. 	好大，学生，我帮你。 
Uh, we lost him at the hospital, sir. 	呃，我们在医院让他跑了长官。 
I filled up there on the way into town. 	我在进城的路上在那加过油。 
But the thing is 	不过，问题是 
It still doesn't excuse some of your larger sins	可这不能作为这篇报道中
Piece of our history. 	我们历史的碎片 
Which one's foam and which one's air? 	哪个是奶油哪个是肥鸭肝？ 
Halt! - halt! 	停下！- 停下！ 
Chief, to be honest, I'm sure he has no idea. 	头儿，老实说，我确定他一点儿也不清楚。 
Ah - it messes with time, this thing.	啊-我老搞不清楚时间了。
But rozzi's team re-examined them and found one they concluded was neanderthal.	但rozzi的小组重新研究它们并发现其中一件他们可以确定为尼安德特人的。
I get to know about coma guy. 	我就能知道昏迷男人的事。 
If you know at design time what cacheability setting you need for a page, you can set cacheability declaratively.	如果您在设计时知道某页需要什么样的可缓存性设置，您可以以声明方式设置可缓存性。
If this wedding does not take place in three days,	如果三天之内婚礼仍未举行，
I fell asleep listening to the record last night, 	我昨晚听着听着睡着了， 
If the southern portion of the caribbean plate were pushed down by this action, then trinidad, grenada, barbados and the islands up toward barbuda would likewise potentially be pushed down, with islands offshore from central america likewise vulnerable.	如果加勒板块的南部由于该作用力而被往下推挤了，那么特立尼达，格林纳达(拉丁美洲岛国)，还有中美洲近海的岛屿同样会很脆弱。
Well, I may care, I may not. 	是啊，我可能关心可能不。 
But she's the one, is she ever. I'm telling you.	但是我可以告诉你，她自己就是，这样跟你说：嗜钱如命。
I'm sorry this is as far as I can take you. 	抱歉，我只能帮你到这里。 
Does nothing to relocate the source of stimulation... 	对于性高潮刺激区没多大影响... 
Not only in the ghetto, but in all of Rome	不仅仅在犹太人区，而且是整个罗马
Mike jumped to his feet and ran towards the window.	迈克跳起来，向窗口跑去。
Up to room 5. Hope these clothes fit. 	到5号房去。希望这些衣服合身。 
In theunited states, a portion of the federal governmentthat has been assisting farmers, ranchers, and construction efforts by classifying, mapping, and analyzing soils for many years; now called the nationalresources conservation service ( nrcs).	美国联邦政府的一部分，多年来已经通过土壤分类、绘制分布图和分析土壤，来帮助农场主、牧场主和施工工程；现在称为国家自然资源保护局（nrcs）。
We could use a few more ideas, lass. 	快想点更好的办法小姑娘！ 
Well, I'm still not happy to sign you off for the whole term.	我可不想给你开一整个学期的假条。
Dost thou condemn me, that thou mayest be righteous?	怎能定我为有罪，好显出你自己为义呢？
I'm staying until my daughter's house is ready. 	我等到我女儿的房子装修好就走。 
I'm going in the water to prune up a bit before I strut. 	我要下水息息火再上来招摇 
Students look up to him. 	学生们都很仰慕他。 
You think success made me lonely?	你以为是成功让我变得孤独吗？
This is Kerry kilbride reporting from Washington... 	我是克利从华盛顿报道… 
Was the person who first started our wonderful group:	创立了伟大的无神论者组织：
I never see that girl. 	我从没见过这个女孩。 
We got a regular that counts the corn flakes in his bowl	我们有个常客数他碗里的玉米片
Homo habilis really more than this forum!	这个论坛能人真多！
Here, buy a new coat. Goodbye, son. 	在这里，买新衣。再见，儿子。 
Yeah, well, I will give it back when I'm finished. 	是啦，好吧，我研究完就会还回去。 
Don't think you can make a fool out of me. I won't have to. 	你别想让我丢脸。不劳我动手。 
Lu xun is a remarkable language user, both received the passed on ( archaism) essence and opened the nimble utilization modern chinese thoroughfare.	鲁迅是一位优秀的语言大师，他继承了古汉语的精髓，同时又开启了灵活应用现代汉语的通道。
I know you love it, muscle lips. Let's go. 	我知道你喜欢他，喝下它。 
If you want to be close, dial direct. 	如果你想关闭，直接拨号。 
I didn't get any extra money.	我并没有因此得到额外报酬。
Go two miles west on Route 30 to Kenneth Road, turn right onto Kenneth Road the BEST WESTERN Westgate is on the right. 	沿30号公路向西行两英里至肯尼斯路，随后右转，即可抵达位于右侧的西门贝斯特韦斯特酒店。 
During the day you'll be normal.	你在白天与一般人无异。
Listen fella,	听好了，老弟，
Wendy at the Cryobank	精子银行的温迪
The top job in d. C., wow. 	去华盛顿当高官了。 
Stop it! Face the waII	停手！趴在墙上
To get you stop playing around with that little toy gun 	是因为为了不让你 
With all these crimes everyday? 	你还说治安好？ 
On a very important mission. 	有重要任务。 
Why, that little son of a bitch!	为什么这个该死的小子！
Wish you everything to be plain sailing throughout the coming year.	祝你在新的一年里万事一帆风顺。
Unesc, economic and social council united nations.	会议由联合国经济与社会理事会。
It sounds like the junk in that safe is worth something to you.	听起来保险箱里的东西对你来说很重要。
I saw their starved lips in the gloam with horrid warning gaped wide, and I awoke, and found me here on the cold hill side.	在幽暗里，他们的瘪嘴大张着，预告着灾祸；我一觉醒来，看见自己躺在这冰冷的山坡。
You know, you're looking at a lighter gig	你知道，你可以得到宽大处理
I know you hate me for what I did. 	我知道你为我所做的恨我。 
That's ten grand to you, pop. Too rich for my blood.	我叫你一万爷爷。太多了。
Is someone in the bathroom? 	卫生间有人吗？ 
I'm an artist, but... I sort of lost touch with that part of myself lately, 	我是个艺术家，但是最近我感觉不到那部分自己， 
Discontent was bubbling under the surface, until one day...	对我的不满会持续积累，直到爆发...
But that proved hugely problematic. Mr bush had been trying for over two years to do it-though allies, seeking to earn credit with the new administration, may now be readier to take in some of those detainees unable to go home but cleared for release through tighter judicial oversight.	布什花费了两年多的时间也没有关闭关塔那摩监狱，而现在，尽管幕僚希望赢得新政府的青睐而可能会接受部分无法回家的被关押者，他们在更严格的司法监管中被证明可被释放。
Did you see the guy in the mirror? No.	你看到镜子里那人了吗？没有。
Yeah, I just got my six - month chip. 	是啊，我刚过了六个月的疗程。 
don't ask me how she got my private line - it's unlisted. 	别问我她怎么知道我的电话号码的。我也不知道。 
And what if he does? 	如果他下手了呢？ 
I'm sure you did the best you could. We will discuss your failure later. 	我肯定你尽力了。我们呆会儿再讨论你的失利。 
How do you think l get them to double flip and play with white kids?	那你认为我是怎么让他们翻跟头还和白人小孩玩的?
Because if this is the dream...	因为如果就这就梦…
It's their obligation to give it to us	把我们应得的东西给我们是他们应尽的义务，
What did you say it's called? Polyamory. 	你说它叫什么？多角恋。 
Of course, it would be out of the question to let you remain by yourself. 	当然，这就谈不上让你自己留下了。 
A major felony for her? 	去犯刑事重罪？ 
Well, that's a big incentive - he makes $200,000 a year. 	很诱人的数目- 他每年挣20万。 
In the year that south korea sits as president of the group of 20, seoul seems determined to prove its global credentials.	在作为20国集团（g20）轮值主席国的一年，韩国似乎已下定决心要证明自己的全球资历。
But I could go for some rebound s - e - X. 	不过，可以来点治愈式的性爱。 
Follow directions to Rome, take Grande Raccordo Anulare in the direction of Florence, exit via Aurelia, follow via Baldo degli Ubaldi towards via Angelo Emo, then follow specific directions to the BEST WESTERN Hotel Spring House. 	沿指示驶向罗马，沿Grande Raccordo Anulare驶向佛罗伦萨，从via Aurelia下高速，沿via Baldo degli Ubaldi驶向via Angelo Emo，然后沿具体指示驶向贝斯特韦斯特春天酒店。 
His visa expired a year ago. - Yep.	他的签证过期一年了。- 对。
You know that song I play, "Eartha kitt times two"? Of course!	你听过我演奏的那首，“双重厄莎凯特”吗？当然听过！
The lab result's are categorical. 	化验结果很明确。 
Are you kidding me? Right. 	你在开玩笑吗？好的。 
I'm Paul. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. 	我是保罗。很高兴见到你们。很高兴。 
If you don't mind, lieutenant, 	如果你不介意的话，队长， 
Full of submerged reefs or sandbanks or shoals.	布满了淹没在水中的暗礁、沙丘或者浅滩。
Uterina arterial embolism combined with dilatation and curettage used for treatment of gestation in uterina incision.	子宫动脉栓塞联合刮宫术治疗子宫切口妊娠的临床应用。
I called the police, they are coming	已经报警了，警察快来了
Sources add that the final design for the widebody will be firmed up in the next five to 10 years.	消息称宽体机的最终设计将在未来的五到十年展开。
I am thankful for the multi Italiano cookbook which I got...	我很感激我能得到详细的意式料理的食谱。
Take Exit 4 Brookswood - Stay in the right lane and go over Fly Over Bridge, at the light make a left. The BEST WESTERN PLUS Sherwood Inn and Suites is on your right. 	从斯伍德区4号出口出发——在右车道行驶，穿过立交桥，在红绿灯处向左转。贝斯特韦斯特普拉斯舍伍德套房酒店就在您的右侧。 
Mm. I just did you a favor. You're double - dipping. 	嗯。我刚刚已经帮过你了。你得寸进尺哦。 
I am just the Indian father of an English daughter. 	我不过是一个英国女儿的印度父亲。 
But you know who made the film, right? 	但你知道谁做的是不是？ 
Satan represents responsibility to the responsible, instead of concern for psychic vampires!	撒旦象征关心有义务感的人，阔别不负责任的人！
Cajun Landing Exterior 	Cajun Landing餐馆外部 
Most of the burden of repairing america's public finances should certainly fall on spending.	修补美国公共财务主要的担子还是应该落在花费上。
Numbers, numbers. 	数字，给他数字。 
I obviously have the flu 	我明显是患有感冒 
Oh! Wow, congratulations. 	哦！哇，恭喜了。 
He uses a belt. It's his signature. 	他用的是带子，这是他的犯罪标志。 
I let her win. No, he didn't. 	我故意让她赢的。他才没有。 
An american-led special forces team killed an older cousin of afghanistan president hamid karzai on thursday in a night raid that aggravates tensions between the afghan leader and the u. s.over civilian deaths.	一支由美军领导的特种部队在周四的夜间袭击中打死了阿富汗总统卡尔扎伊（hamid karzai）的堂兄，加剧了这位阿富汗领导人与美国之间因平民死亡而起的紧张关系。
We need a house with a two-car garage?.	我们需要一套有两个车库的房子。
Using it to bring the dead back to life. 	使死人复活。 
Must be to scale to work. 	实在是太精细了。 
When I ask your names,	当我问你们的名字时，
Y you didn't mean that, did you?	你不是说这个啊。
Sorry if I gave you the wrong impression. 	如果我做什么让你误会了那我道歉。 
Suzie my dear, how can you stay here?	苏西亲爱的，你怎么能呆在这？
I scraped my elbow, I just need a truckload of vicodin. Whereas, this guy -	我擦破了手肘，我只是需要点维柯丁。可是，这家伙
You programmedyour speed dial? 	你设置了快速拨号了？ 
can't you get off your Novak warpath? - Nope. 	你就不能不去报复娜薇吗？- 不行。 
What was your greatest challenge and how did you overcome it?	你经历过最大的挑战是啥子？
We need to wean him off it.	他需要戒掉那个。
I don't think you do know what I'm going to say, Sara. 	我不认为你知道我要说什么，萨拉。 
Her sister was the only example she needed.	她的姐妹才是她需要的榜样。
In fact, the extent of protection provided by many procedural safeguards operates on a continuum marked by the severity of the punishment imposed.	事实上，保护在一定程度上由许多处以严厉惩罚为特点的程序保障连续运行来提供。
Tyler, have you lost your mind?	泰勒，你疯了吗？
And no worldly temptation.	当然也没有世俗纷争。
The besiegers hungered the garrison into surrender.	围攻者使守军饿得只好投降。
Because I don't forgive you. 	因为我不能原谅你。 
But in her top drawer beside the condom supplies is a petition signed by several of them: in neat writing, stating their profession: such as "public works" or "driver".	但是在书桌上格抽屉中避孕套的旁边有一份由几个客人签定的保证书，字迹很清楚，表明了他们的职业：例如“公务人员”或者“司机”。
One Carvery buffet and dessert buffet per person. 	向每人提供一份烧烤晚餐和甜点自助餐。 
He's gonna run for it. Like lightning. I'm sure. 	它马上就会领先。快如闪电。我确信。 
Not gonna try to squeeze blood from a stone. 	我可不想做那些无用功。 
Sure, let me hook you up for your time, though. 	当然，让我弥补一下你的时间，那么。 
Why not? There are two of us, Tommy. 	为什么不呢？我们有两个人汤米。 
Millions shot right to hell! 	几百万美元打水漂了！ 
Oh, well, give us a fun fact about mystic falls, something crazy. 	噢，给我们来一个小镇逸闻吧。疯狂点的。 
Only the officers get the lucky strikes. 	七星可是只有军官才有得抽啊 
You pushed me too far. My government doesn't pay as well as yorgi. 	你对我太过份了。我的政府给的也没尤里多。 
There's gotta be something I could do.	总有些我能做的事吧。
Straight male bonding, step one.	异性恋男性关系，这是第一步。
Pinch the two straps together. Pinch.	把两条带子扣在一起。扣紧。
Then when I couldn't hide it anymore, they were gonna take me somewhere.	当我藏不下去的时候，他们带我去了某个地方。
Goals regarding processing returns need to be aligned with objectives relating to timing, volume, or value of returns as these goals should drive operational priorities and activity for maximum efficiencies.	这些关于处理退货的目标需要与一些具体的目标协调一致，包括时间，容量，和退货价值，这些目标应该为效率最大化驱动运营优先权和行为。
don't do this to me. Please. I know how it sounds. 	别提那些事了。求你了。我理解这些事让你难受。 
While Rome burned?	在罗马失火的时候？
Ms. dupray was also named 'most likely to be remembered' in high school, she says, but she gave it up because each student was allowed only one such honor.	杜普雷说，在中学时，她还被选为“最可能被记住”的人，可是她最终放弃了这一头衔，因为每个学生只允许获得一项这样的荣誉。
And I don't really know what happened with that.	我真不知道她们发生了些什么。
Your parents know? Not yet.	你父母知道吗？还不知道。
I am good with time. 	有时间就好。 
Even in a state like iowa, where roughly half of republican caucus-goers identify themselves as born-again christians, mr romney is leading in some polls because the right-wing vote is so fractured.	就算像有近一半共和党员认为自己是虔诚基督徒的爱荷华州，罗姆尼也能在一些调查中领先，因为右翼人士投票太分散了。
Kind of unexpectedly.	总有点出乎意料。
Zebulon hedge, I thought you were a friend of mine. 	哲布伦·海杰，我以为你是我的朋友。 
How are you? Really? 	你好吗？说实话？ 
The delegation supported, in principle, proposals26and27which dealt with promoting technology transfer.	加拿大代表团原则上支持有关促进技术转让的提案26和27。
But once the nation receives the cash, they can then turn around and inject it into their troubled banks.	不过，一旦某国政府获得该基金的援助，它就能转而向麻烦缠身的银行注资。
It has been a long time since she disappeared. 	她已经消失很久了。 
And now he throws him scraps, odd jobs,	现在他给爸爸干杂活，
The money supply expanded by 14.6 per cent in the year to September.	截至9月，当年的货币供应增加了14。6％。
A little chicken broth, but no tinned food. 	喂她写鸡汤，别给她吃罐装食品。 
Here comes baloo. He dances, too. Everybody loves to dance.	巴鲁来了。他也跳舞。大家都喜欢跳舞。
Report on your positions	各小狗报告位置
Gee, I wish my idea was as cool and with it as yours. 	天哪，我真希望我的想法像你的一样酷。 
Let's find your bird. 	去找我们的鸟吧。 
I do not know why he didn't just send a regular message.	我不知道为什么他没发送一个普通消息。
That's what I heard. 	别人就是这么和我说的。 
It turns out, he's actually more into me than she was.	我发现他比她对我更有意思。
If this is what he wants, then -  	如果这是他的决定，那么 -  
Your house, your king's English.	你的地盘，要说纯正英语。
Average build, drives a green pickup. 	中等体型开一辆绿色的小卡车。 
I just hate to see you so closed off.	我只是不愿意看到你这么封闭。
He killed jor - el's murderer. 	他杀死了谋杀乔·艾尔的凶手。 
Mr stutzman is a regular user of his own product.	斯塔茨曼本人就是他自己软件的忠实粉丝。
Oh, Mercedes Benz SLR coupe. 	噢，梅塞德斯奔驰轿车。 
Do you know who they're thinking of voting out?	你知道他们打算把票投给谁吗？
Yeah, I'm just keeping the rhythm. 	我在数拍子。 
To realize I made a mistake	才发现自己犯了个错误
I've been getting death threats - anonymous e-mails.	最近一直收到死亡威胁匿名电邮。
Well, I mean, I could... I could cry. 	嗯，我是说，我可以……我可以哭的。 
During the teachings I died inside; he destroyed my value scale.	在这堂课里，我的内在死了，他毁了我的价值观。
A little shaken up, but really, we're both fine.	我们都有点吓到了，不过真的没事。
Gee, I'm touched by your outpouring of compassion.	啊，我被你表露无疑的同情给感动了。
That I just come in -  	我们只谈了一会 - 
Under the agreement, china is supposed to give detailed quarterly reports on action to investigate and deal with the producers of exports hit by rapex alerts.	根据此协议，中国应该提供季报，对欧盟快速预警系统中举报的出口生产商进行调查和处理。
Such people can help you a lot.	这样的人对你大有帮助。
I do not like the way she eats. 	我不喜欢她吃东西的方式。 
Oh, pleas. Spare us the bloody tragedy, man. 	少来这套悲伤论调伙计。 
We chanced upon him in the park yesterday.	我们昨天在公园里碰巧遇到他。
I thought Englishmen didn't like women. The way they talk.	看他们说话的态度我以为英国佬不喜欢女人的。
Was I squinting? 'cause I had to look into the sun. 	我是否眯着眼？因为面对太阳的关系。 
Do we have a passenger list?	我们有乘客名单么？
Punish him to warn the others, agree? Agreed! 	今日我们杀一儆百，好不好？好！ 
I took another photograph.	我拍过另一张照片。
We're obstructing justice if we sit and do nothing.	我们无所作为才是妨碍司法公正。
Uh, Lipton tea. 	立顿红茶。 
We see this merger as an opportunity	我们把这次合并看作是
Why don't you just shoot me? 	为什么你不直接开枪打我？ 
No, I know, it's bad. Crazy. And so embarrassingly repetitive.	不，我知道，太糟糕了。重蹈覆辙。令人尴尬。
Where to find: caving can be very risky, so consult local travel agents and go in groups with professional cavers.	去哪里：洞穴探险危险系数可能会很高，所以要咨询当地的旅行社并与专业洞穴探险者一同前往。
Leave me. - I can smeII the whore on you. 	离我远点。-我能从你身上闻到淫妇的味道。 
He had muscular dystrophy, 	他有肌肉萎缩症， 
The truck tapped his wrist, apparently. 	卡车显然撞到了他的手腕。 
You're meant to be... Dying. Sorry.	你... 应该死掉了。让你失望了。
What part of our last conversation did you not understand? 	我们上次对话你到底听明白没？ 
I don't think I've been out with anyone less discreet. 	我可不认为我约会过任何更轻率的人。 
My sacred mission is to bring order to Romania.	我的神圣使命就是给罗马尼亚带来秩序。
Public-private key combination is at the heart of public key infrastructure, and is based on asymmetric cypher.	公钥-私钥组合是公共密钥基础设施的核心，建立在非对称密码的基础上。
I would give my life for you without a thought. 	为了你即使牺牲性命也在所不惜。 
Why can't there be one color that's so much more awesome 	为什么找不到一种 
Because you're my mom, and I love you, and I'm worried about you. 	因为你是我妈我爱你，而且担心你。 
He's a runaway living on the streets. 	他是个大街上的流浪汉。 
Yeah? Idiot? Huh? Who's the idiot now, huh?	是吗？蠢蛋？哈？现在谁是蠢蛋啊？
I lost my mom, too. 	我也是失去了母亲。 
You're fucking disgusting, you know that?	你真他妈的让人恶心，你知道吗？
If I had known how all this is gonna turn out... 	如果我早知道事情会变成这样... 
Hey, ready to go? I got us a 7:30 reservation... 	嘿，可以走了吗？我订了7:30的位子... 
6. Encourages States, as some have already done, to provide concrete information on measures taken to give effect to the Declaration, as well as obstacles encountered;	6. 鼓励各国象有些国家已做的那样,提供关于为执行《保护所有人不遭受强迫失踪宣言》所采取的措施和所遭遇的障碍的具体资料；
So we're circling and circling,	我们转了一圈又一圈，
But there is some debate how exactly it got into latin in thefirst place.	不过，它一开始到底是如何进入到拉丁语的，学界对此还存有争论。
We are getting married this summer.	我们夏天会结婚了。
The star of ow! My balls! Hormel Chavez! 	我们的 明星！侯梅查斯！ 
She is a keeper.	她真是了不得。
Many eyes in imprisoned Europe turned hopefully, or desperately... 	无数困在欧洲的人们将目光满是希望，或是绝望的... 
The only disappointment about "the myth of the rational market" is that it does not say more about how the ideas that shape financial markets will change in response to this catastrophic intellectual failure.	关于“理性市场的神话”唯一让人失望的是，它不能说更多关于，塑造金融市场的想法在回音这次灾难性才智错误中讲如何转变。
Mom and dad look at each other as lights go out.	妈妈和爸爸面面相觑，灯光灭。
Oh. Oh, with or without my undies? 	穿不穿内衣？ 
He does that sort of thing. 	像他的风格。 
Your, uh, call girl theory may be right. 	你大概猜对了，她有可能是个妓女。 
I could sure use some of Charlene's coffee.	我想要我妻子的咖啡。
Okay. Staff thought you'd be better off. 	好。工作人员觉得这对你最好。 
Not be welcomed by any sector? Political, economic, cultural... 	有谁会欢迎？政治界，经济界，还有文化界…… 
What do I tell the police and the paramedics? Can they go in?	我该跟警方和医务人员说什么？他们能进去吗？
You do understand I'm the only thing 	你要知道我是唯一能够保护你 
The lakes in Bavaria are still beautiful.	巴伐利亚的湖水仍然很漂亮。
But still, the investigation goes on.	但调查还在继续。
The chinese government dropped explosive espionage charges against executives of a foreign mining giant, the anglo-australian rio tinto, after a global corporate outcry.	在遭遇全球企业抗议后，中国政府放弃了对澳大利亚矿业巨头力拓的高管们的间谍罪指控。
Look in the nightstand drawer. 	去看看床头柜的抽屉。 
I can't believe you, of all people, don't think this is weird.	我无法相信你们这些人，居然不觉得这很古怪。
Can't you be reasonable	你怎么这么不讲道理呀
Because you know that if this is genocide you are obligated to intervene. 	因为你知道如果这是种族灭绝你有义务去干预。 
You don't mind if you do	你不会介意你所做
You know, world war two and stuff. Great war.	你知道，二战一类的东西。一战。
You were right about the dorms.	关于宿舍的事你说对了。
That wasn't the deai, hagen!	我们的交易不是这样的，哈根！
Well, one more and I've got a pair of boots.	嗯，再钓一只我就有一双靴子了。
Because if you look at the columns, you'll see that the upper part of the columns are what is called fluted, 	如果仔细看一下，柱体会发现上端设有凹槽， 
Hey, I know it looks like I'm having a bunch of fun, 	我知道这看起来有点儿滑稽， 
Some shit like that.	类似那种事情。
The demand of the tetraplegic Ramon sampedro requesting euthanasia was rejected yesterday by the tribunals due to defects in its form 	四肢瘫痪的雷蒙·桑佩德罗要求安乐死的申请由于相关文件的欠缺昨天被法院驳回了。 
In his presentation, diamandis offered a rebuttal filled with optimism.	迪亚曼蒂在他的演讲中提出了充满乐观的反驳。
So you only need one to work for all of these away. 	所以你只需要一个实验来把所有的搞定。 
But it's really a bit too soft. 	但是它实在是太柔软了。 
In a job interview, you will be virtually fully judged within the first 30 seconds, even before you start to talk.	在工作口试中，你甚至还没有开始讲话，口试官实际上已经在30秒之内对你有了全面的评价。
Yeah. I'd kill for a beer.	好啊。我超想喝啤酒。
Sure, we were in a little pickIe, 	当然，我们确实遇到麻烦了， 
I am the army, and I'm getting off this rock... Alone. 	我就是军人，而且我要离开这里...一个人。 
The official opposes this and argues that the man should be released.	这位探员反对这样做，并且认为此人应被释放。
We could make snow angels! 	我们可以堆雪人！ 
I can be here at nine. But I said ten.	我可以9点到。我说10点就10点。
He sent four scouts ahead to take a look at the bridge.	他派了四名侦察兵到前面去察看那座大桥的情况。
You were in there for like what, 30 seconds?	你在那里待了大约30秒？
Oil drilling companies regularly send workers to the area, and government employees call our Lockhart hotel their home away from home. 	石油钻探公司定期派工作人员前往该地区，而且政府官员称我们位于洛克哈特的酒店为他们第二个家。 
Why don't you just do what the other doc did 	为什么你不像其它医生那样做 
I don't think this is funny. 	我不觉得这好笑。 
They will nit know I have gone away to come back. For the ones I left behind. For the ones who cannot out.	他们不会知道，我离开是为了回来。为了那些我留在身后的人。为了那些无法出去的人。
She didn't complain about it.	因为她毫无怨言的把奶喝光了。
I saw your face, your clothes.	你的脸、衣服。
You got me all excited.	弄得我欢天喜地的。
Wait for my orders. 	所有人等我下命令才行动。 
To him, an architect just builds the thing.	在他看来，建筑师只是建造了物的部分。
Puffer doesn't like bad guys, does he?	巴夫不喜欢坏蛋，对吗？
I am through being the loyal opposition. 	从头到尾我都不是忠心的人。 
Good God what's that? 	天哪这是什么？ 
He can't stay here alone. I 'II phone you back. 	他不能一个人在这儿。我再打给你。 
Couples were found to spend an average of six nights a week together two more than those in the city.	夫妻发现平均一星期有六个晚上要呆在一起，比城区居民多两个晚上。
I was thinking about hiring a financial planner to go over my portfolio.	我想找个理财师帮我管理资产。
About a cute fact - checker girl at work.	你不是有个很漂亮的线索调查员同事吗。
Service Oberon, king of the fairies?	伺候过奥伯龙仙灵之王吗？
I salute you, Madame.	我向您致意，女士。
I can't do that to our baby. That's the first thing it's going to see. 	我不能这么对我们的孩子。她看到的第一个东西将会是我的鸡鸡。 
Utterly unresponsive. 	但是反应却是异常迟钝。 
You brought me all the way out here to tell us that we have to bury it? 	你带我过来就想说我们得埋了它？ 
Yeah, I know. - he's great. 	是啊，我知道。- 他是很好。 
For once in my life	一生只有这一次
Oh, and I'm supposed to have dinner 	哦，今天晚上我还要 
Yes. By lacing radioactive isotopes into a laser matrix...	对。用放射性同位素穿射过激光基质... 
Would you like a cup of coffee, my Indian friend? 	喝杯咖啡吧我的印度朋友？ 
I think you're and I mean that most sincerely.	我以为您很凸出并且我说这句话同样是实心实意的。
You took all the credit for a deal that I closed.	你独占了我所获得的成果和信誉。
This is newly built why it leaks so easily? 	新房子也这样！怎么这么容易漏水！ 
How bad do you think it's gonna be? 	你认为后果会有多糟他妈的蛮糟的？ 
Episcopal Church Thelogy School. 	主教教堂神学院。 
It is rare to find a female ojha.	很难发现有女性ojha
Beth's body is the most important piece of evidence in the case	在本案中贝丝的尸体是最重要的证据
And who might "we"be? 	"我们"又是谁？ 
But please don't take this the wrong way.	但是请不要在这个事情上处理不好了。
The wind is coid. Let's go back in.	风很冷.我们回去吧.
BEST WESTERN Inn of McAlester 	贝斯特韦斯特麦卡莱斯特酒店 
Good night. Bye! Mwah!	晚安！拜拜！！
He won't strike near where he lives. 	他不会在自己居住的地方下手的。 
Weaky, it's time to the cinema.	孱仔，够钟了我们去看戏了。
I meant to. 	但我必须说…对不起。 
You can't just laugh a toothache away. You'll have to see a dentist.	你光笑笑是治不好牙痛的。你必须去看牙医生。
General price don't belong to me.Cats don't belong to nobody!	优秀将军不是我的，猫不属于人！
Of course he was pretty easy to trace 'cause they had a cell phone account. 	当然他很容易就会被追查到因为他留下了手机帐户。 
Look, we gotta talk.	听着，我们得聊聊。
Well, there you have it, the body as road map.	现在你有了，尸体就像是副路线图。
The legal system of technological innovation mainly involves the patent law and competition law concerned.	技术创新法制主要涉及专利法和相关竞争法。
Hey, don't get the wrong idea, that man and I... 	别王歪处想，那人和我... 
Wrapping up a 30 - minute commercial - free music sweep. 	带我们进入整整30分钟 - 没有广告的音乐盛宴。 
More than your share, 	比其他人都要多， 
Me and your ma get things sorted, 	我和妈妈把事情安排好， 
Their commitment to meeting the cost of the so-called automatic stabilisers increased welfare payments at a time of decreased income tax revenue owing to rising unemployment had led some to wonder whether the conservatives might actually have to raise taxes if they form the next government.	他们有决心迎接所谓的自动稳压器所需要的代价由于失业人数的增长所得税收入减少的同时增加福利金导致了一些人想知道，如果保守党形成下届政府，是否实际上可能必须增税。
And it was my favorite book too when I was your age, 	我在你这个年纪的时候这也是我最喜欢的书， 
Some kid got excited, jumped up on stage.	一些孩子兴奋过头了，跳上了舞台。
In autumn the leaves wither and fall off the trees.	秋天，树叶枯萎并从树上落下来。
But he forced red to resign.	但他逼着瑞德辞了职。
You want to get comfy? Let's get comfortable. Come on. Huh? 	你想舒服点吗？我们放松点吧来吧？ 
Well, I just kind of thought we could 	我只是在想我们应该可以
One. One, in my case. 	我只有一个太太。 
Problem and answer the college entrance examination landform sectional drawing in 2008 special subject is trained.	2008年高考地形剖面图专题训练题及答案。
Well then... We'd better get moving . 	好吧…那我们赶快行动吧。 
Or you can sit idlyand bleed out on the floor.	或者你就傻坐着等到血不停地流到地板上。
All right, C'mon, guys. 	好了，走吧，伙计们。 
You want to cry?	你真的想哭吗？
Go see the boss. 	去服侍老板。 
The deepest tunnel in London. We'll start here.	伦敦最深的隧道。就从这里开始。
We parents go there with hearts overflowing with gratitude for the priceless gift of a precious child.	作为父母，我们都是怀着一颗感恩的心而去的，我们感激上帝把孩子这一珍贵礼物赐予了我们。
Some of these people don't want a war. 	其中一些人不希望战争爆发。 
Do you have nuclear weapons onboard?	那你们舰上有核武器吗?
But the common perception is wrong.	但是，这个看法是错的。
Thank you very much for your cooperation. 	十分感谢你的合作。 
Oh God, where would I keep all my clothes in a studio, Andy? 	上帝啊，我能把我的衣服都放进画室吗，安迪？ 
If you hadn't ordered your slave to overturn my cart, I might never have had the chance to meet the venerable narada and hear his wise teaching, which has benefited me more than any amount of money.	如果不是你命令你的奴隶推翻我的马车，我就没有机会遇见那拉达尊者，并且听闻到任何金钱也买不到的智慧教导，它令我受益良多。
You wanted to be alone, didn't you? Well, here you are. 	你想要一个人待着是吗？那好吧，一个人待着去。 
Breakfast buffet per adult maximum four 	每位成人最多领取四份自助早餐 
And I did not tell him to say that.	我可没让他说这些话。
We'll have three women at the plaintiff's table;	咱原告席是3个女人；
Team up? / yeah	合作？是的
There's gotta be stairs somewhere.	一定有楼梯下去的。
Good night, professor.	晚安，教授。
When I was 10 years old.	在我10岁的时候。
But it was important that he at least become more aware.	但是最重要的是只要他自己意识到了。
Less predictable costs for raw materials have exacerbated uncertainty, according to executives at both procter& gamble and colgate.	据宝洁（procter&gamble）和高露洁的管理人士表示，原材料成本可预测性的降低加大了这种不确定性。
Look, I would hug you, but - that would be awkward.	看吧，我想抱你来的，可-这很尴尬。
Well, what did he do to you?  what? 	他对你做了些什么？什么？ 
A winged bull, on fire, soaring over a red Canyon.	一只长着翅膀、满身火焰的公牛飞过红色峡谷。
I knew exactly what had to happen 	我知道接下来会发生什么 
They won't wear them! 	他们不想穿上这个！ 
That youride in the back. 	你坐在后面。 
Sorry Claude, I may have been wrong. 	抱歉，克劳德，我可能做错了。 
His departure coincided with the possibility that he violated insider-trading rules when he purchased shares in chemicals company lubrizol before berkshire announced plans to buy the company.	索科尔的离职可能与其违反内幕交易的规定有关，在伯克希尔公司宣布收购化学公司路博润（Lubrizol）的计划之前，他已经购买了该公司的股票。
Pickard's not particularly concerned about missing the classroom interaction--something she had as an undergraduate and as a master's student. "	不过，皮卡德对于缺少课堂互动却不以为然——在本科和研究生学习阶段，她已经经历过大量的课堂互动。
Because they know they're free to speak about anything, 	因为他们和我无话不谈， 
You just made the whole thing that much more memorabie, 	你让这件事情更有纪念意义了， 
Other end!	在另一头！
As for hp, it's expected to position its tablets as high-end audio device that can double as an alarm clock, gps system or a picture frame-an obvious sign that hp sees the tablet as having a place in the living room.	至于惠普公司，它被期望将平板电脑定位为一个高级的音频终端设备，这个终端可以有多种功能，比如作为一个闹钟，gps系统或者一个相框；由此可见，惠普认为平板电脑是一个放在卧室里使用的设备。
Because the boat can't sail directly downwind.	因为逆风无法直接航行。
Has he heard from king James of late? From Scotland? 	他最近和苏格兰的詹姆士国王通信了么？ 
Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don't feel that way about you.	我真的受宠若惊，只是我对你没有那种感觉。
I have great doubt as to that.	关于那件事，我极度怀疑。
I never consider myself being disabled. 	我从没当自己是个残疾人。 
You gonna tell me your name?	不打算告诉我你叫什么吗？
Okay, well, did you know that somebody got shot on your block last night?	好吧，好吧，那你知道有人在你们家附近被打死吗？
Well, I'm an engineer, not a P. R. Guy. 	我是个工程师，不是搞公关的。 
I agree. Everyone around this room too. 	我同意所有人都同意。 
There is always the secret vote. I don't think we could make any written undertakings.	秘密经费总是有的。我想我们不能写任何书面保证。
Good one. What is he? 	接得好。他到底是什么？ 
Oh, and you think that I would do something like that? 	你认为我会做这种事吗？ 
But the probe had revealed a harden shell of carbon black over an icy interior.	但是探测器已经揭示出，在彗核内部的冰块之外，有一层黑色的坚硬碳壳。
Okay, so we have two dead employees from the same company  	好，我们现在有来自同一公司的两名受害者 
He could hardly wait to show the apple to his brothers.	他几乎等不及要将这颗苹果拿给他的哥哥们看。
It just might take me a - a couple of days. 	但可能要过几天。 
She hid under the desk.	她藏在了桌子下面。
Yeah, just trying to do him a favor. This guy's black.	对，我就是想帮个忙。- 这个是黑人啊
It is power beyond imagination.	简直超乎想像。
I think we ought to raise some questions about your minister, Ian.	我觉得问题出在你们大臣本身，伊安。
After that, a bag will explode in one of the cars. 	在那之后，一只包会在其中的一节车厢爆炸。 
We're talking about tens of thousands of people.	我们说的可是好几万人。
You can stop if you want. 	如果你想的话你可以退出。 
It's my specialty 	我做的饭更好 
What happened to your nose?	你的鼻子怎么回事？
This is a sophisticated and sensitive firearm.	算得上精致而灵敏的武器。
They agree that better-paid graduates would pay more, and poorly paid graduates less.	他们赞同高收入的毕业生多支付一些，而低收入的少支付一些。
More than ever. We can't stop him 	比以前更频繁了。我们阻止不了他  
??? Jordan sparks.	精彩的现场表演。
All I know is what it will look like. 	我只知道从表面看这事是怎样的。 
His mother dead. Don't you kill him, nickie. Don't you kill him for me.	他母亲死了。尼基，你别杀他。你不要因为我而杀他。
We got the result's of the Kvelm test.	我们有检验结果了。
My heart still lingers on that nightstreet	我的心仍然停留在那个夜晚的街道上
In air, in the trees, in animals, in fire, even.	在空气中，在树上，动物里，甚至在火里。
E-cigarettes, which were all the rage at this year's consumer electronics show ( ces) in las vegas, are battery-operated plastic tubes made to look like cigarettes ( or in some cases cigars and pipes).	电子烟在拉斯维加斯本年度的ces（消费电子品展）上大放光彩，这是一种电池驱动的塑料管，做成香烟的形状（也有雪茄或是烟斗状的）。
She is standing in line at the apple store, 	她在苹果商店排队， 
And I thought maybe it was my hormones, you know what I'm talking about? 	我以为是因为我的荷尔蒙，你听的懂我说啥吗？ 
You know, why don't you take a bath? I'll do the dishes.	你不如去洗澡？我洗碗碟吧。
This kind of information is not available in most litigation records-indeed, much of it may not be available anywhere-and if it were, it is not clear that generalist judges would be able to interpret it properly.	此类信息在多数诉讼记录中无处可查--实际上，在其他地方也是无处可查，如果事实如此，多面手的法官是否能够恰当地作出解释就不甚明了了。
The rest of our lives worrying about it. 	去操心这个问题。 
Yeah, the sitter... 	呃，是保姆啦。 
We still have a slam - dunk here. 	我们胜算仍然很大。 
Okay. That's a good idea. 	好啊。这主意不错。 
Still remember me?	你一定记得我的？
What's your real name? No.	你的真名是？不告诉你。
I thought they had investors for like $150 million. 	我听说他们有15个亿的投资项目。 
Did he ask for a private viewing of the sapphire? 	他提过要私人参观蓝宝石吗？ 
I couldn't do a damn thing to stop it.	我却不能阻止他。
I lied to him, too, didn't I? 	但我也骗了他阿？ 
Of course, the price per head goes down, too. 	当然了，为每颗人头付的钱也就少了。 
Park duhksoon's pots! 	帕克大克森的罐子！ 
Can I get a blueberry muffin? Not right now sweetheart. 	我能吃个蓝莓松饼吗？现在不行，甜心。 
And more rapid now days... 	尤其是这些天，次数更多了... 
You want to know where he's going to strike next? 	你想知道他下次在哪里下手吗？ 
I wouldn't let you stay here if I hated you. 	我要是恨你的话，就不会让你呆在这儿了。 
He has a known	他非常热衷
I've never seen so much fog. 	我从没见过这么大的雾。 
I've been looking forward to this morning for a long time. 	我早就期待这个早上了。 
You know, there's just so much going on with the girls,	你知道孩子们发生了那么多事，
Currently, municipal roads within the development zone have formed the modern pattern of "three longitudes and six latitudes". Other installations are also being perfected daily, resulting in the creation of conditions for large scale development and construction.	目前，开发区内的市政道路已经形成“三纵六横”的现代化格局，其它设施也日趋完善，为大规模开发建设创造了条件。
Who are the other two? There are no other two. 	另外两人是谁？没有别人。 
Move away from him now. 	快放了他。 
You two find the general and help him.	你们两个找到并援助将军。
For God's sake, Wellington, what's this all about? 	上帝的缘故，惠灵顿，这些是关于什么？ 
Just about every day, it'd end up with you and me at the top.	几乎每次，都是咱俩获胜。
To moral relativism.	为相对的道义干杯。
This one's a must do while you're here. 	当您到此地方时，一定不容错过。 
He has shingies. 	他得了疱疹。 
Don't be ridiculous. They rock. Let's go.	不要瞎说了。它们很棒的。走吧。
I could think of her as a good, intelligent and rich person -  	我能想到她作为一个优秀的，聪明的，富有的人 -  
Here's a list of requirements; I'd like to have your lowest quotations, c.i.f. vancouver.	这是询价单,希望你们报出成本加运费,保险费到温哥华最低价.
I don't have a problem with the looming, but my head hurt, OK? 	我不反感你俯视着我，但我头痛，懂吗？ 
Oh no, you'll see. This'll all go straight to the heart.	当然不是，你看着这些就会进入你的心195.
Listen, you'll get here.	听着，你会来到这里。
I wasn't listening earlier. 	我刚刚没在听。 
I call to order a meeting. 	我召集各位合伙人过来开会。 
I'm thrilled and honored to say this.	我很荣幸并高兴得宣布。
It's actually quite a warm day as the Arctic goes - it's only minus 24.	对北极来说今天还确实算是暖和的-只有零下24度。
Public services remain generous, but this government has done more than the social democrats to boost the private provision of education, health care and welfare.	公共服务保持宽容态度，本届政府已经比社会民主主义者们在促进私有形态教育，医疗保障和福利方面做得更多。
But coult not resist the call of our heart.	我们淡漠却无法面对内心的呼唤。
In enemy-occupied areas when our armed forces can frequently carry out operations there, they become guerrilla zones illegal struggle should be the principal form of struggle.	敌占区当我武装能进入作经常活动时，则已变为游击区应以非法斗争为主。
She just never had a man before.	她以前没有过男人。
You know why I am. 	你知道，我为什么这样吗。 
America's army chiefs were right to use their influence to restrain egypt's armed forces from shooting into the crowds ( see article).	美国的军队的领导人正用他们的影响力约束埃及军方停止向无辜的群众开枪（见文内）。
He kills without a thought 	他恣意屠杀、谋害好人 
You know, we just had some scheduling conflicts we had to deal with. 	你们知道，我们还有一些时间上的冲突没有解决。 
She's been burning stuff. There's something she didn't want us to see.	她烧过东西。不想让我们看见。
I was, uh... I was backstage. 	我，呃...我在后台。 
L mean, not her actual eyeballs.	我不是说她的眼珠子。
Why aare you drinking so much coffee today?	你今天为什么喝这么多咖啡。
You mean you were exercising that God complex of yours.	你的意思是这完全归结于你的天赋。
Ethan, that means you.	伊桑，我在说你呢。
I thought you said that you were gonna tidy things up. 	你跟我说过你会把这里收拾一下的。 
Look in the boxes! Find a weapon! 	找找看盒子里！有没有武器！ 
Do you think it was her? 	你觉得会是奥利维亚吗？ 
No, that's not what happened.	不，事情不是那样的。
She's kind of hot now.	她现在可真有点辣呢。
You will have plenty of room in our gorgeous smoking-permitted king rooms. 	在我们华丽的可吸烟大床房内您将有足够的空间。 
Taffy? Really? I've never had it. 	太妃糖？真的吗？我没吃过呢。 
Convection is the mass movement of a fluid: hot water rising, for example.	对流是液体的整体移动，比如热水上升。
Ah, ingenious.	啊，聪明。
He talked openly to his confidants about his sources on corporate boards, not suspecting that his calls might be tapped.	他与自己信任的人坦率谈论在企业董事会中的消息来源，毫不怀疑自己的电话可能已经被窃听。
You want to do more, yes? 	你还想做更多，是不是？ 
The city may also lower rates for new companies, a bid to lure some of the water-guzzling industries, like brewing, which once helped milwaukee thrive.	密城可能也降低新成立企业的水费，尝试吸引一些用水量巨大的行业，比如曾经帮助其繁荣发展的酿造业。
Genes aren't static and can be influenced by a variety of internal and external factors.	基因并不是一成不变的，能够被许多内在的外在的因素所影响。
You will come back to Piraeus sometime? 	你还会回比雷埃夫斯吗？ 
You'll have to see someone. 	你一定得去见见医生。
These studies must consider wildlife activity up to about three thousand meters above an airport and eight kilometers around it.	这些研究必须考虑，机场上空大约3千米和方圆8千公里野生动物的活动。
Is it safe to say you didn't get the job? 	我能说你没得到那份工作吗？ 
Come on, kill the scum! 	快啊杀掉这些人渣！ 
Hugo de burgh, phd, frsa is professor of journalism at the university of westminster and director of the china media centre.	戴雨果教授是英国威斯敏斯特大学新闻学院的教授,也是该学院中国传媒中心。
Why not just take it?	直接接受不就成了吗？
Fresh progress was made in the preservation of cultural relics and in archives-related work.	文物保护和档案工作取得新成绩。
One does not worry, the cage is safe 	别担心，这里很安全 
Was it two years ago when I busted your ass? 	是两年前我抓你进牢房的吧？ 
Today the great wall of china is a placeof interest not only to the chinese people butalso to people from all over the world.	今天长城不但对于中国人民而且对于世界各国人民来说都是一个名胜。
It's like when you said Richard was sexually abusing you. 	比如上次你说理查德性骚扰你。 
Get him, champ. Come on!	宰了他，冠军快点！
So my copy lived 12 years before bender murdered him? 	在班德杀掉我的复制前他已经活了12年？ 
To illustrate, sinoway uses the example of a middle level executive named michelle whose boss was fired in a restructuring.	为了说明这一点，辛诺威举了一个例子：中层管理者米歇尔的老板在一次重组中被解雇了。
I don't think I can ever look at her 	我觉得我恐怕再也没办法像 
Am I the girl of your dreams? 	我是不是你的梦中情人？ 
Where he failed to impress the judges with either his dancing or his stamina.	可惜他的舞蹈和活力都未能打动评委。
Can I meet you at the concert?	我去演唱会找你？
If he's got a ship back there, 	如果他有船支援， 
Here I come, ready or not.	我来了，准备好了么。
It was a very kind and thoughtful gesture.	这真是十分友好体贴的举动。
Tighten your masks.	戴紧你的面具。
Spoons? What, you boys play games with your cutlery? 	勺子？什么，你们现在用餐具玩游戏了？ 
The thousands of times you've bragged about some chick.	当想到你吹嘘你把了什么小妞的时候。
I was feeling epic.	我觉得自己很伟大。
The campaign recalls efforts by south korea where dog meat is highly popular to ban its consumption during the 1988 seoul olympics after fierce criticism from western animal rights groups.	这项运动令人想起了狗肉极其盛行的韩国在受到西方动物权益组织猛烈批评后，在1988年汉城奥运会期间禁食狗肉。
Where? On the road, ten miles south of here.	在哪里？南方10哩的路上。
You're not responsible enough to have a car. 	你还不够格拥有一辆车。 
What do you know about murderers? 	你对杀人犯有什么了解？ 
Reputed as an Mart museum of Liao and Jin Dynasties, the temple occupies an important position in the history of culture and architecture of China. 	该寺庙被认为辽、金两朝的集市博物馆,在中国的历史文化和建筑中占有重要的地位。 
Sleek and western-educated, he portrayed himself as the safe consensus candidate against traian basescu, the lively but exasperating former sea-captain ( and once mayor of bucharest) who has been the country's president since 2004.	伯塞斯库，这位有活力却又暴躁的前船长（一度也是布加勒斯特的市长），从2004年开始就是这个国家的总统了。
In just days,	就在几天后，
More important than anybody else's. 	比其他任何人的都重要。 
My mother used to say,  "don't ever underestimate Dick". 	我母亲常说，“千万不要低估了迪克的实力”。 
Since I had brought the headphone of knowledge to the big tree 	因为我把知识耳机带进了大树里 
Okay. So what's the trick? - trick?	好。秘诀是什么？—秘诀？
First, it is unfair to impose harsh penalties for small offences.	首先，对于罪行轻微者施以严惩是不公平的。
he only lets her go if he can trade her for you.	他释放她的条件是要你来交换她。
Drug interactions with some anticonvulsants and risperidone have been noted.	我们已经注意到一些抗惊厥药物与利培酮间的药物相互作用。
Alice called yesterday.	爱丽丝昨天打电话来了。
About one of your former students.	有关你的一个前学生的问题。
I don't want you two caught in the middle of it. 	我不想把你们卷进来。 
No. When they took me to my cell,	不，他们带我去牢房时，
But your husband got sick 	但在我想告知你前 
You were just trying to show me that you're a man. 	你只是想展示你的男子气概。 
Okay. Okay. There are at least 20 victims.	好的。至少有20名受害者。
You white racist pig!	你个白人种族歧视猪！
And then this one time,	后来有一次，
And if you insist on coming back here without our permission, 	如果你们继续象这样未经允许就到我们家来， 
Obstinate implies unreasonable rigidity, as in the face of argument, persuasion, entreaty, or attack.	暗含不合理的僵化，例如在面对争辩、劝说、恳求或袭击时。
Forget what your parents told you.	忘记你父母告诉你的办法。
I live with a woman I don't love 	我和一个我不爱的女人住在一起 
Obama still holds a comfortable lead among party delegates accrued from states and territories that have held primaries and caucuses since the beginning of the year.	奥巴马仍然掌握著自今年初以来各州和属地党内初选的党代表总票数的领先地位。
A man that young.	一个这么年轻的人。
When the technology was available. Good, good. Stories like that 	当技术能实现时很好很好这故事 
All your decisions made? 	你做好决定了吗？ 
It is simply a question of printing enough money.	这只是一个印刷足够钞票的问题。
You fucking dead piece of shit.	你个死混球。
Although this fellow impenetrably thickheaded disposition is eccentric and unreasonable.	虽然这家伙冥顽不灵性格乖张。
Oh, that's fantastic. 	哦，太令人吃惊了。 
Oh, yeah, you have to wrap that up before you put it in the fridge. 	哦，对了，你要把这个包一下再放进冰箱。 
And she needs help with something.	她要你去帮点忙。
As monarch of these islands,	作为这座岛屿的君主，
Not just now, my Lord.	现在不行，老爷。
Starting with a small Rembrandt 	从一小幅伦勃朗开始 
Yeah. But do you know that for sure? 	是啊，但你肯定吗？ 
Says the priest to the young fellow, "did you throw peanuts in the river, too?"	说有个牧师问一个年轻人，“你也把豆豆扔河里了？”
I know. Those sajiki brothers are just meant to be the first attack. 	我知道。他们只是第一波攻击。 
But circumstances right now are anything but normal.	但是现在的这种情况是正常的。
Can I have a copy of your personnel roster? 	我能否有一份你的职员名单复印件？ 
Okay, I feel like I'm sweating on my back, 	我后背都冒汗了， 
Too kinky? 	太乖僻了？ 
Developed in 1935 by the psychologist john ridley stroop, the test is a common way of assessing our ability to process competing information.	史楚普实验由心理学家john ridley stroop于1935年首次提出，是评估人们处理矛盾信息能力的一种方法。
Does it bother you to hear?	你听着会难受吗？
Everyone scattered, screaming, as the plane buzzed them repeatedly.	当飞机一次次低空飞过，每个人都尖叫着四散跑开。
Or somebody looking suspicious.	或者可疑的人。
There always comes a moment when they want to quit.	他们总在一段时间想放弃。
Good, that's good. Keep going. 	很好，这很好。继续。 
So now we're wiping the earth free of scum, and they love us for it. 	所以我们在清除地球上的渣滓，而人们也为此拥护我们。 
Unconventional, yet refined; modern, yet classic; masculine, yet elegant; disparate, yet decidedly whole.	反传统，又不失优雅；现代，又流露古典气息；阳刚，却雅致；明明组成成分各不相同，却显得完整无瑕。
I don't like tricks myself, so that makes us even. 	我不喜欢耍花招，所以我们打个平手。 
I love to eat, but I often loa.	我很爱吃,但却常常没胃口。
I was there the day she was born.	我看着她出生。
Yeah, well, make sure she's cute.	好吧，可要弄个漂亮的护士来啊
To couples, you know, who've been married for a while. 	夫妻结婚久了就会这样。 
Not entirely certain that I can, either, 	我也不确定自己可以， 
In the private room, laid with luscious green tatami, we swap cards and sit at a low table.	在一间铺着精美的绿色榻榻米的包房里，我们交换了名片，坐在一个很低的桌子前。
Where's my brother? We got to go.	我弟在哪儿？我们得离开这儿。
Just like the general	就跟将军一样
don't forget why you're here. I Haven't. 	别忘了你来这的原因。我没有忘。 
He's clog dancing, I think, wearing lederhosen. 	他在跳舞，还穿着小马褂。 
Hardwire mounting hole center on drawer fronts 	硬线安装孔的中心位于抽屉前端 
No R OOM for love between husbands and wives 	恩爱夫妻都顶心顶肺 
I guess she's off in Europe. But she's gotta come in. 	她大概在欧洲。但她必须处理这件事。 
Take the diamonds. They're yours. I don't want your diamonds. 	把钻石拿走吧，都是你们的了我不要你的钻石。 
At christleton high school, a state secondary school, some 150 students assembled on april 19th to quiz candidates from the three main parties.	在christleton中学，一个郡的二流学校，大约150名学生在4月19日聚会共同质询来自三个党的候选人。
You'd say, "it's okay, dad". 	你说，“没事了，父亲”。 
Did you see the size of the magazine. 	你没看到那弹夹的大小吗。 
Now what if marissa used yahoo as a bully pulpit, to address the needs of a market that is roughly 50% or more of the global internet population?	倘若梅耶尔现在用雅虎作为“天字第一号讲坛”，应对一个约占全球网民一半数量（甚或更多）的受众群体的需要，那将会怎样呢？
I know I'll only bring you trouble. 	我知道我会连累你们。 
Is it, congressman?	不是吗，议员先生？
So the son finds a victim,	因此这个儿子找到受害人，
Politics in mongolia has been rough-and-tumble since 1990, when the country escaped soviet domination to become a vibrant if imperfect democracy.	自1990年蒙古摆脱了苏联的控制，国内政坛就没有平静过，即使他实行的民主制度算不上尽善尽美，国家却变得更有活力。
You're gonna meet Jacob, 	你要跟杰可见面， 
Outdoor parking 	室外停放 
It's so weird. He's exactly the kind of guy 	有点怪。他是那种我觉得我在耶鲁会遇到的人 
I'm sorry, sweetie. Did you say something?	不好意思，宝贝儿。你说什么了？
To retrieve your lost data.	找回你丢失的资料。
Let's not forget the tickets my name soid.	不要忘了那些票也是以我的名义才卖出去的。
This, he explains, implies that the upper intestine of diabetic patients may be the site where an abnormal signal is produced, causing, or at least favoring, the development of the disease.	他解释说，这可能意味着糖尿病人的上段小肠可能是异常信号的发源地，至少，可能它推动了疾病的发展。
Kids ready? Almost. Thanks for driving them. 	孩子们准备好了吗？差不多了，他们呆会将被送到车站。 
Let's go to a disco 	我们一起去跳迪斯科 
God bless you anyway, sir. 	上帝保佑您，先生。 
When we took this airbase.	切断敌军的武器运输和补给。
Nobody in the world can stop me.. 	世界上没人能阻止我.. 
And evasive, like a politician... 	像政客那样推诿... 
The survey has a margin of error of up to 4.8%, according to the levada center, which conducted the poll.	据执行调查的勒瓦达中心（levada center）说，这次调查的误差范围最大为4.8%。
Why do you have solo magic?	你怎么能单独施法？
I'm in a traffic jam here.	但这里堵死了。
Denny's® Restaurant, on premises, full service, American, open for: breakfast, lunch, dinner, Open 24-hours 	Denny's 餐厅，酒店内，全套服务，美式，营业范围：早餐、午餐、晚餐，24 小时营业 
Just to win back the woman you love. 	只是为了赢回美人芳心。 
To bring you here, to my home, to be trained as a wizard. 	为了带你来这儿我的家训练你成为巫师。 
Next question - do you knowhow W. Got to be president? 	下个问题-你知道布什怎么当上总统的么？ 
But jonah ran away from the lord and headed for tarshish.	约拿却起来，逃往他施去躲避耶和华。
In accordance with the provisions of existing laws in india, in bombay high court's decision on the special court after the verdict, mr. kasab can raise objections to the supreme court.	按照印度现行法律规定，在孟买高等法院对特别法庭的裁决进行宣判后，卡萨布可以向最高法院提出异议。
Therapy, quitting drugs, and dumping my loose - cannon ex-girlfriend,	我接受了治疗，不再吸毒还和那个乱说话的前女友分手，
Begone, witch, before the wizard makes mush of you! 	快滚，臭女巫，否则大巫师把你打得稀巴烂！ 
Well, what would've been the risky thing to do?	好吧，怎样做才算是冒险呢？
Hou bai yingsheng and path: "content is like a dog greatly, appearance pole is like an ox. is this why content?" Everybody guesses ceaseless eagerly, some saying is river deer, some saying is a deer, but was denied by everybody.	侯白应声而道：“有物大如狗，面貌极似牛。这是何物？”众人竞相猜个不停，有的说是獐子，有的说是鹿，但都被大家否定了。
Your date's not coming.	你的对象不会来了。
London, england--it's a question that has baffled scientists, academics and pub bores through the ages: what came first, the chicken or the egg?	英国伦敦这是一个始终困扰科学家和学者的难题，也是酒吧里常争论的话题：到底是先有鸡，还是先有蛋了？
Of course the need to finish the contract with pervasive software was a good idea-but cutting your small loyal customers-we actually doubt this.	当然,要完成合同中普遍存在的软件是一个好主意,但你切小忠诚顾客,我们其实这个疑问。
I've got you. Okay. 	我抓住你了。好了。 
I'm not interrupting anything, am I? - yes. 	我没打扰你吧，对吧？- 打扰了。 
My part of the plan is getting the robot	我的部分计划是让机器人
Jesus, you guys gotta calm down. 	天啊，大家不要激动。 
And one day he smiled.	有一天，他开始笑了。
But I do know that your victim 	但我知道被害人是在98年 
To overcome a bad marriage.	克服差劲的婚姻。
I prithee, go and be ruled.	我请求你，去吧。
And the complicated expression on her face,	以及她脸上复杂的表情来看，
Sure We'll see who has better luck	好我也想看看是你运气好
Just cut 'em off. 	把它们全给切掉。 
Oh, he's legally allowed to be here. 	哦，他进餐馆是有法律许可的。 
We grab the phone.	我们抢过电话。
And you took two completely different paths. 	却选择了截然不同的人生。 
Go through the stoplight, the BEST WESTERN Paradise Inn on your left. 	经过红绿灯，贝斯特韦斯特天堂酒店就在您的左边。 
Liu yijun, a professor with the china university of petroleum, told xinhua that china's shale gas development is still in a "primary stage and has a long way to go toward mass commercial use."	中国石油公司大学刘轶军教授，告诉新华社中国页岩气开发还处于“初级阶段，为大众商业使用还有很长的路要走”。
That may cast the french president in another flattering light-as a happily married, family man.	这可能给这位法国总统更讨人喜欢的形象：一个幸福已婚又重家庭的男人。
Please send greetings for me 	你帮我问候她妈 
And just skip over the whole marriage and divorce nightmare. 	只是跳过整个结婚和离婚的噩梦。 
Good to see you benny.	见到你很高兴本尼.
But he's in very good hands. 	但是他是个好帮手。 
For these, several interference rejection measures for external equipments have been put forward from two aspects, namely hardwares and softwares.	对此，从硬件和软件两方面提出了外部设备抗干扰的几种措施。
But it does open the door to faster-growing, privately owned, and smaller companies that bring a strong commercial mind-set and tangible business assets to joint ventures.	但是，它同样对增长迅速的、私营的并且能给合资企业带来强有力商业思想、有形商业资产的小企业敞开大门。
My service to your father was different.	我和你父王的关系不同。
She gets a chance to act out her fantasies.	她得到了一个把她的怪念头付诸行动的机会。
All right, no problem. Hey, I got that.	好吧，没问题。嘿，我来开那车。
I can do that easy when I have to.	每次有事的时候我都会自己醒。
Wait for our instructions in Chamonix. 	在霞慕尼等候我们的指示。 
However, it is necessary to establish a good supervisory system in order to eliminate all disadvantages and develop our financial holding company into a healthy condition.	职是之故，唯有良好金融监理制度之建立，方能健全我国金融控股公司之发展，进而达到除弊兴利之目的。
Canada's reputation for financial sobriety is not entirely unwarranted.	看来加拿大对于金融有清醒认识的信誉不是完全没有根据的。
This God of yours performed a miracle...	你朋友身上发生了奇迹…
All right. Oh,one more thing. 	好吧。哦，还有件事。 
Article 24 the employing units shall, when maintaining or overhauling production installations involving the use of high toxic substances, work out maintenance or overhaul scheme in advance to specify protective measures against occupational poisoning hazards, so as to safeguard the maintenance or overhaul staff's life safety and body health.	第二十四条用人单位维护、检修存在高毒物品的生产装置，必须事先制订维护、检修方案，明确职业中毒危害防护措施，确保维护、检修人员的生命安全和身体健康。
All the inmates are going crazy, screaming at him to let them out. 	所有的病人都发狂了冲他大喊大叫，想要出去。 
Because I asked him to. Why did you ask him? 	我给他的。为什么要给他？ 
Maybe this is the road that the perfessional person must pass through.	也许这就是职业人必经的路。
Not a lot of people would have done that. 	很多人做不到这一点的。 
This is why nobody likes ogres. 	所以没人喜欢怪物所以没人喜欢怪物。 
The magnetar, visible near the top of the image, hurtles through the supernova debris cloud at over 70 thousand kilometers per hour.	强磁星，在画面顶端附近，以超过每小时7万千米的速度急速穿过超新星碎片云。
...fatty acids.	脂肪酸
If this unsub does exist, this is a guy who's all about control. 	如果真有这么个不明嫌犯，那他定是个控制欲极强的人。 
Theme parks.	一起去主题公园。
He doesn't scare me, and you don't scare me. 	我不怕他，也不怕你。 
And I'm going to deal there with everything I Haven't dealt with in the four styles. 	我将解决所有关于这四种风格壁画没解决的问题。 
You were jetting. No, ''modern science'' read my copy 	你在开玩笑。不，“当代科学”读了我的副本 
We look exactly the same, dude? 	我们看起来就是一样的，伙计？ 
She's in the zone.	她状态正兴呢。
No, I got a call on my private line. 	我接了个专线电话。 
Sixteen centuries ago the roman emperor theodosius branded the olympic games pagan and banned them.	罗马皇帝theodosius在十六个世纪以前就把奥运列为异族节日并禁止其举行。
I'm so scared to be alone! You promised to stay with me	我很怕一个人！你答应过我在我身边
When the only question I worried about was "who's next? 	唯一让我发愁的问题只有“下一个该杀谁？ 
No, thanks. Yes. Of course.	不了，谢谢。好，当然了。
You have the opportunity to have adjoining rooms, with two pillow top queen beds in one room and one pillow top king bed in the other room. 	您有机会拥有两个相邻房间，其中一间房间配有两张加厚垫大床，另一间房间配有一张加厚垫特大床。 
Because it was the only thing that I had left of you. 	是因为那是我仅有的属于你的东西。 
Oh, no - no - no, no, no. 	哦，不-不-不，不，不。  
He knows this movie off by heart. 	他早已把这部电影熟记于心。 
The syrian opposition's campaign has also turned into a race for funding.	叙利亚的反对斗争也转变成了一场筹资竞赛。
Then elisha made a prayer to the lord, saying, lord, let his eyes be open so that he may see. And the lord made the young man's eyes open; and he saw that all the mountain was full of horses and carriages of fire round elisha.	以利沙祷告说，耶和华阿，求你开这少年人的眼目，使他能看见。耶和华开他的眼目，他就看见满山有火车火马围绕以利沙。
She was always good at getting herself out of sticky situations. 	她总是能未雨绸缪化险为夷。 
Because you know what it feeIs like to be leftout. 	你们了解被冷落的感受。 
Bless you, John. 	愿神保佑你，约翰。 
The eighth commandment is 'Thou shalt not steal'.	第八诫是“不可偷盗”。
A deluxe room for two 	为两位准备一间上好的客房 
We have more in common than you'd like to believe. 	我们的共同点可比你愿意相信的多。 
Keep his hands in the water!	把手放进水里！
You are so totally going! 	你必须去！ 
Did she have a breakfast meeting scheduled for this morning?	她今天早上有早餐会议吗？
Conversely, another potential cause of the discrepancy is national-level officials understating their figures in order to claim success with pollution-reduction measures.	相反，另一个造成这种差异的潜在原因是：国家级官员为了宣扬其减排措施的成功，而少报了碳排量数值。
Get them in, eh? 	把那些收回来？ 
Where you gentlemen	在哪里你的先生们
Okay, fine. But you don't leave the van under any circumstances.	好，行了。不管怎么样你都不能离开面包车。
So I want you to see it in your mind,	你描绘这样一副画面，
But soon, maybe tomorrow, Miguel will know exactly how I feel. 	但很快米格尔就会感同身受。 
Come on! You're being slow. Come on! 	快点！你变慢了。快点！ 
Because the girl who answers the phone doesn't seem very smart.	因为我感觉接电话的女孩不太聪明。
But you are hired to be the wedding singer. 	但你被雇来做婚礼歌手的。 
Why do they think it's one guy? 	他们为什么会认识是同一个人？ 
A decades-old debate about how to govern the semi-autonomous tribal areas shows no sign of producing an answer.	有关如何治理这个半自治种族地区的争论持续了几十年，目前也没有任何得出结论的迹象。
Wait, what are you doing? - what?	停,你在干什么？- 什么？
Says he met you in a speak.	他说在夜店认识你。
What's your dog's name?	你的狗叫什么？
The reIationship's over, but the egg saIad's on the way. 	关系结束了，但是蛋沙拉来了。 
I'm telling you - please! 	我给你说 - 拜托！ 
However, according to two officials familiar with the white house affairs, said the restructuring activities of the white house team is being carried out, while the vast majority are in secret talks on the matter, obama and white house chief of staff pete rouse agent between.	不过据两位熟悉白宫事务的官员称，白宫班子的改组活动正在紧张地进行，而绝大多数关于此事的密谈都在奥巴马和代理白宫办公厅主任皮特劳斯之间进行。
Excuse me, Mr dead guy. 	抱歉，死人先生。 
We really wanted a garden flat but they're rare as rocking horse shit.	我们好想住带花园的屋不过太少了。
Above the neck, I'm gonna need reinforcements.	我需要援兵。
I'm not okay. don't tell anybody. Listen to me. 	我不太好。别跟人说。听我说。 
We know that the moment we walk out of here, we walk out of here as rich men.	我们走出这里时，会成为富人。
I think - we'll see.	我想- 咱们走着瞧吧。
don't you do this, you son of a bitch. 	别这么做，你这狗娘养的。 
It wasn't clear whether his statement of the construction on the railway on unstable ground amounted to an acknowledgment of bad planning.	王祖建所说的在不坚实地表上修建铁路是否相当于承认规划不周，目前尚不清楚。
However, taiwan's interior minister lee hong-yuan said earlier this year that subsidies alone won't be enough to banish widespread baby-aversion.	但台湾内政部长李鸿源今年早些时候说，单单是补助并不足以消除民众不想生育的普遍观念。
I really think this vending machine is a troublemaker.	我真觉得那个自动售货机是个大麻烦。
All right, somebody's got to say it, so I'll say it 	好，总得有人说出口，那就我来说好了 
don't go! don't leave me! 	别走！别扔下我！ 
Run all the way to the badlands.	一路跑去荒芜之地。
Like the king who spoke it and the wizard who tried to fulfill it.	像国王和大巫师一样死去了。
Get another source.	再找别的线人。
Prices in tallinn look set to fall approximately 10% this year, according to the university of reading's ball.	根据雷丁大学ball的分析，塔林的房产价格今年将会下降大约10%。
Why would he pick my son? 	它为何选我儿子？ 
My goal, madam, sir,	我的目标，太太，先生，
The firm plans to raise a$ 1 billion private-equity fund for indonesian deals. Mr. holm declined to say how much money the fund has raised so far.	该公司计划募集一只规模为10亿美元的私募股权投资基金以投资印尼市场，但霍尔姆拒绝透露迄今为止这只基金的融资规模。
I want to enjoy it.	我只想享乐。
I can see into the living room. 	我能从这里看到客厅。 
What kind of protection? 	什么防护？ 
Come on, Lachance, give me the gun. 	得了，蓝强，把枪给我。 
Filiam Regis? You're his daughter.	公主？你是他女儿。
Waste aside, the question is whether surveillance investment can actually make americans safer.	一个至关重要的问题是，监控投资是否真的让美国人更加安全。
Just the sounds of the ocean 	只有大海的声音 
That you didn't come home last night?	因为你昨晚没回家？
There was just no way that I could be one, not at 16.	更别说当一个好妈妈，16岁就更不可能。
Have you anything else to say? Yes, I have. 	你还有什么要说？有。 
Ah, the sweet smell of freedom. You were in the hospital, not Alcatraz. 	啊，自由的味道你只是住进了医院，不是监狱。 
In an e-mail sent to some customers last week, bill bullock, witopia chief executive, expressed disappointment that the company was being targeted.	在上周发给一部分顾客的电子邮件中，witopia首席执行官比尔布洛克（bill bullock）对该公司成为目标表示失望。
He wants to wreck our lives. You're reacting exactly as he wants. 	他想毁了我们的生活。你表现的就想他期望的一样。 
I went to grad school. I'm a dentist.	我读过研究生还是个牙医。
Simple, real estate investment has hit a wall.	很简单，房地产投资突然停止了。
Well, I'm glad I could help. 	很高兴我帮得上忙。 
Lord, have mercy on my soul. 	上帝，求你怜悯我的灵魂。 
So you can just... You can take that ring off anytime you want? 	所以你…想什么时候摘下婚戒都行？ 
Unlike the last three elections, in which labour led by tony blair sauntered home, this time the outcome is uncertain.	不像最近的三届的选举都是由托尼布莱尔领导的工党获胜，这次的结果具有不确定性。
I trust you passed a pleasant night. 	昨晚还睡的愉快吧。 
No. No, no. I just - - no, I get it.	不是，别说了，我懂的。
Yeah. - man. What's up? 	好啊。- 老弟。你好呀！ 
I get paid in advance. 	得先付款。 
Curtis, I'm not gonna run. Then you won't mind wearing it. 	我不会逃跑的。那就无妨。 
I should think so, too... Hey! 	我也这样认为，太......嘿！ 
We have to wonder how god can love us in our stubbornness.	我们感到惊奇,神竟然爱我们这些顽梗的人。
And now he has them believing their loved ones are in a better place.	现在他让他们觉得亲人已经登入极乐殿堂。
You were told to wait here till I got back. I know.	我说过你在这里等。我知道。
Hey, hey. Look, look, look. No, no, no. 	嗨，嗨。听着，听着，听着。不，不，不。 
On the inner part of her thigh 	她大腿内侧还刺了一个红白蓝的蝴蝶 
Hey, hey, college. I'm calling you "college" now, 'cause you go to college. 	你好啊，大学生。我叫你大学生，因为你上大学了。 
Even beijing might want to rethink the idea.	甚至中国也将重新考虑这个建议。
But I - I think I'm onto something bigger.	我觉得我发现了更严重的情况。
Yeah. Yeah, you're right. They don't. They don't. 	是啊，是啊，你说得对。他们确实不怕。 
Was he under any particular kind of stress? 	他最近是不是有什么压力？ 
You're down to a 1020? 	你只有1020分？ 
These games that you play are all in your head.	这全都只是你脑子里玩的花招。
Most of us say, a lot of us do - 	常常说起的，大多数会做- 
To touch you -  	抚摸着你 - 
One of our neighbors thought he saw him downtown a few days ago. 	我们的一个邻居说几天前在市区好像见到过他。 
Where is your protection?	你的保镖呢？
What I care about is our future 	我在乎的是我们的未来 
We've stayed back. 	我们一直守在远处。 
Do it. Newspaper is out. It's all about books. 	快去做吧。报纸没搞头了。现在是书的天下。 
If my wife gets back before midnight, 	如果我太太今晚午夜前就回来了， 
These spacious queen rooms are mobility accessible with two queen beds, wireless Internet, coffee maker, TV, hair dryer, iron, refrigerator, and microwave. Guests can enjoy our complimentary breakfast buffet which includes: waffles, bagels, wheat or white toast, muffins, assorted hot and cold cereals, boiled eggs, fruit, yogurt, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, and assorted juices. 	这些宽敞的大床房为无障碍房，其中设有两张大号床，以及无线上网服务、咖啡机、电视机、吹风机、熨斗、冰箱和微波炉。客人可享受我们的免费自助早餐，包括：华夫饼、百吉饼、全麦或白土司、松饼、各种热的和冷的谷类食品、水煮蛋、水果、酸奶、咖啡、茶、热巧克力以及各种果汁。 
Beat him up! Teach him a lesson!	吃我的钱！禽兽让你死！
But a girl could wait here forever.	你知道女孩子是可以等上很久的。
Teasing him about his sister. 	嘲笑他姐姐。 
Take your smelly tees. Good night.	把你这张臭布拿走。晚安。
I'm sorry about the little outburst this morning -  The tantrum in the hallway, the -  	我要为早上的状况道歉 - 还有走廊那次，还有 -  
You actually saw a ghost?	你真的看见了鬼魂？
How much we need? I don't know. They're pretty quick.	我们需要多少？我不知道，他太快了。
His room was hung with pictures, all of people with large noses.	在王子的房间里，挂的画像也全是大鼻子的人。
He left it on my friend Beth to die, alone. 	因为她弄伤了我的朋友贝丝并把她独自留下来痛苦的等死。 
We're supposed to be in 60 mortars, second squad. 	我们应该在60迫击炮排，二班的。 
Brave pioneers who overcame terrifying obstacles... 	当年的拓荒英雄，克服万难… 
But I don't want you just to turn yourself into nothing but the guy who holds her purse on the red carpet. 	但我不想你一事无成只能在红地毯上给她拿着包。 
And I realized that I can't impart wisdom.	但突然意识到自己无法给予别人智慧。
But we shouldn't dismiss china's efforts as merely a sophisticated reprise of the soviet union's failed bid for the loyalties of the global south.	但我们需要认清中国不只是重复苏联失败的道路，谋求南半球国家对其尽忠。
In the show, everybody can hit a fastball.	比赛中谁都可以投出快球来。
This guy's an idiot. 	他就是个傻瓜。 
OK, let's be Frank!	好，咱们开门见山！
I would like to repeat	我想要重复一下
I'm  You got rid of your highlights.	我来了。你的光环已经褪去了。
You said it would be non-violent. You lied. 	你说不会有暴力。你撒谎。 
Sir, I asked the big book for a lollipop. 	先生，我想要一根棒棒糖。 
Yeah, unless you are the bride. 	是啊，可是不包括新娘本人啊。 
Plant a garden. 	种花植树。 
Hey, I'm just trying to figure out what I'm up against here. 	嘿，我只想弄清要对付的对象。 
These un allegations could turn that queasiness into decisive action.	而联合国的这些指控可以让这些反感变成严厉的制裁行动。
Now that the presidential term has been extended to six years, he is poised for a further 12 years in the kremlin.	既然俄罗斯的总统任期已延长到六年，普京就有条件再掌管克里姆林宫12年。
In proust, impressions of things matter more than the weight behind them, and the work, in essence, is an extended philosophical tract, even more than being a memoir, or novel.	对普鲁斯特来说，想象的事情比它们背后的重负要重要的多，这部作品，更像是哲学思想的扩展，而不是一部回忆录或者小说。
Aged 45, the telegenic mr pe a cuts a seemingly fresh figure, with his team of bright technocrats from the world's best universities.	今年45岁的潘尼亚托尼先生非常上镜，无疑是墨西哥政坛的新面孔，他亮眼的竞选团队均为来自世界一流大学的技术专家。
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the center of the earth. 	先生们女士们，我带你们到地壳中心了。 
Yeah - Oh, - a - a baby chicken. I was - I was going to use a metaphor.	是啊，一只婴儿鸡我想用比喻的。
He took two to the head. You ever seen brain? 	他头上中了两枪。你见过脑浆吗？ 
Indeed. If there is any doubt,	当然。要是还有疑问的话，
Who are these who fly like a cloud and like the doves to their lattices?	那些飞来如云、又如鸽子向窗户飞回的、是谁呢
That alone seemed sufficient to warrant a new trial for elmore, but the judge in the case ruled otherwise.	单这一证据看起来就已经可以有效地保证能对埃尔莫案重新开审，但是此案的法官却不这么认为。
However, the traditional fijian idea of "somatic dominance" remains largely unchanged.	然而，这并没有导致斐济人有关“身体化”的传统意识发生变化。
Okay. I'd do ya. Let me try. 	好吧。我就照做吧。我试试。 
And I cannot accept that there are, on every story... 	无论从哪方面来说，我都不能承认… 
All right, take this here.	好的，把手放这儿。
Since papua and new guinea have been united, no skins have legally left the country although skins continue to be exported from irian jaya via indonesia.	由于巴布亚和新几内亚已经团结，没有法律上的皮肤已经离开该国，虽然从外观继续通过印度尼西亚伊里安查亚出口。
I've never even heard of congratulations sex. 	我从来没听说过祝贺嘿咻。 
Ggeut sun! It's mom.	洁顺！是妈妈呀。
It was almost a year ago, this very night, I was driving back to Memphis,	差不多是一年前，就是这个晚上，我开车回到孟斐斯，
I was very cold, very closed. I didn't speak to people.	我很冷漠，很自闭，也不跟别人说话。
That's lovely. A beautiful necklace,	啊，这东西很可爱呢，
I don't intend to kill him.	我不打算杀他。
She's not important right now.	她现在不重要。
Stop crying or the boogieman will get you.	不要哭了，不然妖怪会把你带走。
Timmy willie crept in through a hole in the wickerwork, and after eating some peas, timmy willie fell fast asleep.	提米威利从一个洞爬进那个枝编制品里，而在吃了些豌豆之后，提米威利很快就睡着了。
I'd have to Pai NT the whole ceiling. I m ight as well do that right now. 	我没准得重刷整个天花板。要不我现在就干吧。 
Oh, did I wake you? 	噢我吵醒你了？ 
If you find a worm in space, 	如果你在太空里发现一只虫子， 
In my six weeks of experience, the battery life has been outstanding.	在我六个星期的体验里，电池寿命相当不错。
Here, look at this now. There he goes. 	嘿，看。他来了。 
But they are leather.	可它们是皮制的。
Damn, I knew I should've gone to college.	妈的，早知道我也去念大学了。
Maintain coverage until we're clear. Copy that. 	帮我们作掩护。好的。 
Hey, hey. All right. Okay. 	嘿，嘿。好的。好极了。 
Give me a beer, if you have any. 	有的话，给我杯啤酒。 
Solving murder's hard work. 	侦破谋杀案可不是一件简单的事。 
Okay, it's only 100 feet down, and we've got two hits of air with this.	好的，只有100英尺深而已，我们能吸两口气。
You're not taking the cefuroxime. 	你没有服头孢呋辛。 
Substance abuse and behavior disorder counselors assist clients with their recovery from addiction.	物质滥用和行为失常顾问（心理咨询师）帮助客户从瘾君子状态恢复正常。
Celebrity preference can be useful.	名人的喜好很有用。
Yes, I know, one day I'll thank you. 	是的，我知道，终有一天我会感激你的。 
See you. don't you dare clear up that mess. I'll do it.	待会儿见不许收拾桌子。我会收拾的。
Your honor, may we get a recess? no, Mr. Fleiger! 	法官阁下，可以休庭一会儿吗？不行，弗雷格先生！ 
Against turning your locker into a time machine. 	把你的储物箱改造成时间机器。 
Guangxi accelerates construction to go to sea highway giving an edge.	广西加快建设出海出边公路。
Geron has named its version grnpopc1.	geron已经用grnpopc1命名了第一个版本。
It's very contagious.	传染性很强。
But the Americans could bring to bear massive firepower.	但美国人能提供巨大火力。
Do not upset yourself. 	别让自己心烦意乱。 
And if you get stuck - 	如果你遇到窘境- 
You know, I got a patient in my office with those identical symptoms.	我诊所有个和这症状一样的病人。
That sometimes you can let the classics be the classics.	唱经典歌曲就应该唱得像经典歌曲。
As we said, we don't exactly know for sure. 	就像我说的，我们还无法确定。 
And why is that? Because I'm not going. 	为什么？因为我不去了。 
For every mountain I have climbed.	我翻越过每座高山。
So my guess is that it happened after the initial blow. 	所以我猜这是在打过去的那一下之后溅出来的。 
I serve at the pleasure of the chairman of the board.	我很荣幸能为董事会的主席服务。
As a priest you really shouldn't neglect your bicycle.	做牧师的你，真不该忽视你的单车。
Room service nominal fee per order 	提供客房服务，按订单收取象征性费用。 
Because the whole world thinks you guys hate each other. 	因为全世界都认为你们俩互相厌恶。 
Li dong is playing with a yo-yo.	李东正在玩溜溜球。
And if it's a thief? You're the law, moron! 	如果是贼呢？你就是法律呀，弱智！ 
To study the safety and efficiency of propofol combined lidocaine used in induced abortion of indolence.	异丙酚联合利多卡因用于人工流产手术的麻醉安全有效镇痛效果好。
You wouldn't have to go down in history.	离职前都不会有什么特别事情发生。
Of course. You can ask me anything.	当然，尽管问我。
She just repeated the question. You always say that's a sign.	她刚刚重复了我的问题。你说这是一种信号。
Let's sum it all up.	总结一下。
Elvis presley, still the unchallenged king of rock'n'roll, is increasingly remembered for his music, as memories fade of his own unusual private life.	现在仍是当之无愧的摇摆乐之王的猫王，他的音乐越来越被人们所怀念，而他不平凡的私生活却慢慢在人们的记忆中淡去。
I was finally gonna get some. 	我终于可以隆重登场了。 
But that's not why we're being quiet.	但那不不是我们安静下来的原因。
All uniforms? 	所有制服？ 
It's our farewell party. Wanna join us? 	今天是我们分别的聚会。想要加入我们吗？ 
Stephen herrero is a retired professor at the university of calgary in canada.	斯蒂芬雷罗是在加拿大卡尔加里大学的退休教授。
The chick breaks its way out into the world.	小鸡破壳而出。
There is a girl called gema.	有个姑娘叫格玛。
Brotherhood season 01 episode 02	手足第一季第二集
Why don't you sing for me?	何不为我歌唱？
You and I, we're aboveboard.	您和我，我们是光明正大的。
I was aiming at you, you big tumshie. 	我是瞄准了你的，你个大笨蛋。 
It fell off her finger. 	从她手指上掉下来了。 
Friendship between Wei and Liang 	卫国和梁国做朋友 
I don't know what we would've done if we'd known early on Monday...	我不知道如果我们星期一一早就知道...
Okay. We're gonna need those names. 	好。我们需要这些人的名单。 
I've finished my composition, sir,@ said the boy.	“我已经写完作文了，老师。”男孩说。
Can you keep a secret, Cully?	告诉你个秘密吧，伙计。
Actually, no. No, thanks.	事实上，不对。不对，不用了。
The amulet can be destroyed in the night of triple lunar eclipse. Unfortunately, this night will come in a month.	此护身符可在三月全蚀之夜被销毁。不幸的是，这一时刻需要一个月的时间就会来临。
There was only one left. 	只剩一罐了。 
I was going to meet Elizabeth? 	我要见的是伊丽莎白？ 
Oh, shut up, chick, it's sweet. 	哦，闭嘴，查克，这很贴心。 
Oh, Peter, Peter, Peter. Can I call you Peter?	彼得我能叫你彼得吗？
So, you petioned for visitation? 	那么，你取得探望权了？ 
Whch one of these tems s your favorte?	你最喜欢哪一个？
I can think of. - right.	唯一合理的解释。-对。
He sued them for restraint of trade and won.	他控告他们实行贸易管制，并且胜诉了。
Who was probably most stressed out during Hollywood week.	可能是好莱坞周最精神绷的人。
I'm gonna start keeping track of your menstrual cycle.	我可要开始关注你的月经周期了。
Excuse us for being the best. 	原谅我们太强。 
74% of the population are against conscription. 	好像有74% 的群众反对征兵。 
I don't... I don't really know what to say, general.	我不... 我不知道说什么好将军。
Lots of excitement there. 	那里充满了兴奋。 
When Lucas Freeman complained of a headache 	卢卡斯·弗里曼在7小时的押送路程开始前 
Just a small matter of being stuck in the middle of nowhere,	小问题只是在偏僻的地方抛锚了，
Available and unavailable... Responding to you.	可接近的跟不可接近的... 都对你有反应。
But there was one more. 	但在当时还有另一个人。 
Bring me back? 	带我回去？ 
The maderistas were taking Juarez. 	穆德里塔斯正要抓瑞华斯。 
They're allowing wahhabi insurgents to hike from lraq to Afghanistan	他们扶持瓦哈比武装分子从伊拉克转战阿富汗
So, the minute you go through that first door, all hell will break loose. 	所以，你一穿过第一个门，我们所有人都会被惊动。 
And not so nice. 	别那么客气。 
What the Hell does she think I'm paying her for? To bother me? 	我付给她钱要她干什么的？来烦我的？ 
And that your mother promised that she was going to fix it. 	你妈妈答应会处理这件事的。 
I made sure of that, too. 	我也能打保票。 
They took a watch.	他们抢走了一块手表。
Somebody's waiting for me?	有人在等我吗？
Consumer sentiment as measured by gfk, a research company, shows that citizens feel well off and have a willingness to buy, but at the same time are fearful that the german economy will be sucked into the euro-zone crisis.	由一家调查公司捷孚凯调查的消费者信心指数显示，消费正感觉生活富足，并且有购买欲望，但同时也担心德国会被卷入欧元区的经济危机。
Fuck this clown. 	干掉这个小丑。 
To find out if water is as hard as pavement, 	为了搞清水面是否真的和路面一样硬 
On our return to port royal, I granted you clemency.	当年返回罗耶港途中，我救你一命。
? Very lovely.? L was so proud of her.	很可爱我以她为荣。
He had a wife and a kid. 	他有老婆和孩子。 
Why do you buy these magazines? For the advertisements.	你为什么买这些杂志？为了看广告。
Let's get up this tree. 	我们上这棵树。 
Will dotting toothpaste on a pimple get rid of it?	在痘痘上点涂牙膏能不能治好它？
Give me back my Gato, you little bald freak!	把我的神像还来，死光头！
You can find your own way out without me. 	你可以不需要我而能找到路自己出去了。 
I'm gonna find our real parents.	听着我会找到我们亲生父母的。
Extra for everything. Okay. 	每样都加点。好。 
Why does his mom's birthday come every year? 	他的妈妈为什么每年都要有生日呢？ 
She hates his guts. 	她恨他，恨得要命。 
My mother said, "do you know," she said, "he got so drunk" 	我妈妈说，“你知道吗？他喝得烂醉” 
That I'm just gonna stick around for a little while.	再呆一段时间。
We had better have an antidote.	我们最好能有解药。
One admission to the Festival and Pow Wow per adult. 	每位成人一张节日或Pow Wow入场券 
You trying to blow my case or you just insane? 	你想搞毁我的案子，还是你疯了不成？ 
They should strengthen our faith in god and in his goodness.	让我们更加相信真主和他的美德。
It was just once - About a year and a half ago. 	只有一次 - 大约一年半之前。 
Some exploit the spin of individual particles, such as atoms, molecules or photons.	有的利用粒子--例如原子，分子或者光子--的自旋。
Small chemicals called methyl groups bind to the dna, helping to determine which genes become active.	一些称为甲基的小化合物编进dna中，用来决定哪些基因被激活。
What's up? Have you seen the girI I was with?	怎么了？你看到和我在一起的女孩吗？
When you wanted to do it.	你当初说喜欢射箭的。
Last time, I wanted to be normal. 	上次我是想正常的生活。 
I feel like l can do anything if you're by my side. 	如果你在我这边可能我会做点事情。 
It could not be a worse time for a politician to launch broadsides at a central bank.	当政客们对央行群起而攻之时，情况坏得不能再坏了。
You couldn't even sweep out a room.	你甚至无法清出一个房间
I'm just taking in my surroundings. 	我在适应环境。 
Are you in there still, beadle? Beadle? 	你还在那么，差役？差役？ 
Better than the Internet, better than the enquirer.	比因特网强，比线人也强
When it cut by 50 basis points in september, it sparked a huge rally.	当它今年9月降息50个基点时，曾引发市场大幅上扬。
I wanted you to heal me. Save me. 	我指望过你治好我的病。能救救我。 
I dropped out of school at my sophomore year	就这样我大二就蹉学了
Meanwhile economists themselves are regularly upbraided for "physics envy", filling their articles with complex equations that deter the non-expert reader.	同时，经济学家自身也经常被谴以“物理嫉妒”【注1】在文章中塞满复杂的公式，让非专业的读者敬而远之。
New york authorities are warning people against swimming or boating in the city's rivers and bays to avoid polluted water.	纽约当局警告人们不要在市内河流及水湾游泳，以避免接触受到污染的水。
The empowerment schools have also shown signs of success, with better rates of attendance and grades.	加入“放权”计划的学校也有了进步表现，到课率和成绩都有提高。
Where? My chest.	哪不舒服？胸口。
I'd really like to put you in the hole.	我真想把你塞到洞里去。
That not a single one of the countries that you have described 	你刚才说的那些国家就主要人口来说 
That can be the entry point.	可能是射入点。
No, what I have to do is get back there.	不，我要做的是快点回去。
All of the dancers have now performed their solos. 	所有的选手都表演完了他们的独舞。 
Come on, God damn it, Adam. That's enough. 	拜托，天杀的，亚当。够了。 
Yes. They went fishing, they left you at grandma's,	是啊，他们把你放在奶奶家自己钓鱼去了，
You've been stuck so long.... I would, but....	你呆在家里太久了.... 我会去的，但是....
Well, how about now? Now can we go? 	好吧，那现在呢？可以走了吧？ 
All right. Pour away.	好的。搅拌一下。
Wanna tell me why you're late? My car's in a bad mood. 	想告诉我为什么晚了吗？我的汽车心情不好。 
Which is the elder of the two?	两人中哪一个是兄呢？
R ". Oh, I've been so...	噢，后悔把钱给了他...
Your safety, Colonel, not to threaten it.	你的安全，上校，不是为了威胁你。
Now wants to return half the stock.	但他想退回一半的订货。
Help me to walk...... help me to end my way with love and patience. I will pay you by a smile and by the immense love I have had always for you.	扶我一把，用爱跟耐心帮我走完人生……我将用微笑和我始终不变无边无际的爱来回报你。
Hey this guy's the guy from sibuya 	嘿这不是那个原宿的小子吗 
We will forget such brutal, undeserved words were spoken.	我们要忘了曾说过这么粗鲁可怕的话。
Stop. My backpack lies on the roof. 	停车。我的包还在车顶上。 
I think I'll take that break now. 	我需要休息一下了。 
I've looked it up. They simply can't expel you. 	我查过规定了。他们不能开除你。 
We haven't had any physical trainingclasses this week.	这星期我们还没上过体育课。
Say what's on your mind, son.	孩子说说你的想法。
By a stroke of a pen and a lawyer and a judge.	偷走了我毕生积蓄我的一切。
Fine, fine. I've got the gun.	好的，好的。我拿着枪。
I'll give you botha fish, how's that?	我会给你们每人一条鱼怎么样？
Ah, yes, you had motive, didn't you?	啊，是啊，你有动机不是吗？
It drives out of this world a god who had come into it with dissatisfaction and a preference for futile suffering.	它把一个上帝从世界中驱逐出去，这个上帝是怀着不满足的心理以及对无效痛苦的偏好而进入人间的。
You have to believe me! - I do, I just wanted you to speak quickly. 	你要相信我！- 我信，我只是想让你吐字快点。 
For a 56 - year - old. She's Ionely.	对一个56岁的人来说是艰苦的她很孤单。
But, hey, it's your kid. 	但是，嘿，这可是你的孩子。 
I just got a couple more bites left.	我只剩下几口。
Bring her some roast pork bun 	带点叉烧包给她吃 
You going to come out? No, I'm going to go back up.	你想去转转吗？不了，我要回去了。
People are like cats and dogs these days. Exactly.	现在人们都像阿猫阿狗了。是啊。
Almost all big industrial companies-and decent analysts of them-are subject to a tight mesh of proven rules, backed up by decades of financial theory.	几十年以来，绝大多数大公司及其分析师们都受金融理论所支持的一系列规则的严密管辖。
But instead of readying us for the challenge, our president is trapped in his father's time machine.	但我们并没有为这样的挑战做好准备，因为我们的总统已经掉进了父亲的时光机里。
And it's not patch.	它不是帊奇。
Study on extraction of yellow pigment from cape jasmine and its new refinement method.	栀子黄色素提取及精制新工艺的研究。
I'd better stop someplace for gas.  	我最好找个地方停车加油。 
Boy who threw a fit when he received books for christmas embarrasses his mum again.	耶诞礼物收到书闹脾气的男童又让妈妈难堪。
Fuck sake, put it in the next flight to Venezuela.	看上帝份上把他丢到委内瑞拉的下个航班。
Industrial enterprises that create material welfares and environmental problems have incumbently social responsibility of protecting the environment.	作为创造物质财富也带来环境问题的工业企业，保护环境是其义不容辞的重要社会责任。
Oh... Yeah. Yeah. Here you go. 	啊... 对了。你过来。 
In the still 	在这寂静的 
It's here. Here?	是这里。这里？
OK, yeah, got it.	好的，呃，明白了。
There always have been.	像他那样的人大有人在。
What would it take for you 	如果你真的跟他们断绝关系了 
Here we see the testis and the scrotum. 	在这里我们看到睾丸和阴囊。 
I didn't do it all myself. I had a little help from your friends.	不是我一个人做的。你的朋友们帮了我不少忙。
He's 7. He seldom has thoughts more complicated 	他才7岁。他想的再复杂 
N... It's complicated.	唔... 这说来就话长了。
Could the bid for t-mobile be a sign that monopoly ma is trying to return from her grave?	这次对t-mobile的收购是否意味着那个横行一时的贝尔大妈要重振旗鼓了呢？
Hey, what are you trying to do? Be quiet and you'll know 	嗨，你想做什么？别说话你会明白的 
Has exceeded all bounds of common decency. 	从任何方面说都违反常规。 
You knew that one day it'd be you or him.	你知道总有一天就剩你跟他了。
I had to hear it from you.	我必须从你的口中证实。
You bet! You kids are American heroes	当然！你们是美国英雄们
In october at& t became the first foreign telecoms firm to win a licence to operate freely in india, following a cut in licence fees and a legal change that allows foreign firms to own up to 74% of their indian subsidiaries.	十月份，在降低许可证费用，以及修改法律允许外国公司获得它们在印度的子公司最高为74%的股份后，美国电话电报公司成为首家在印度自由运营的外国电信公司。
But in scientific terms, there was a prediction,	不管怎样，预测很好，
All in all, it seems some time since we did a speck of honest pirating.	总之，咱们有好久没烧杀掳掠了。
I worked with them. 	我和他们一起工作。 
Why is that, good friar? 	为什么，修士？ 
To my mama and begged her to forgive me	找我的妈妈，请求她原谅我
Oh, come on, sweetie. Those were funny.	别这样，亲爱的。闹着玩嘛。
Can't you at least pretend you want him to come and see us?	你不能假装一下希望他来看我们吗？
But they do need help tracking down a group of vigilantes.	但他们要设法追踪一群义务警员。
There is oil aplenty of other sorts ( tar sands, liquefied coal and so on), so the stuff is unlikely to run out for a long time yet.	而其它种类的油料极其丰富（含油砂、液化煤气等），因此，在很长时间内，这种原料都不可能耗尽。
But I didn't take anything with me 	但我没有带任何吃的东西在身上 
I can resist anything but temptation.	事事可敌，诱惑难拒。
Let's get out of here. You want to go?	我们走吧，好不好？
Hey, we have to learn Japanese...	咱们也要多学点日语…
Licensing is a big weapon in their arsenal.	牌是一个大武器库的.
After the war, he married greta heller. They run a restaurant out on the river.	战后他娶了盖塔海勒，他们在河边开了一家。
We have to tighten our belts. 	我们得收紧我们的裤腰带了。 
She can make you happy. I'll die first.	她会使你开心。我会在那之前死掉。
I didn't get the press release you were in Ala - fricking - Bama. 	你在阿拉巴马时，我联系不上你。 
Lay them on their side and ensure the airway is unobstructed.	让他们侧躺着,并确保呼吸道畅通。
Time to go to court! 	上庭时间到了！ 
Yeah, see that mark right there?	你看到这个标记了吗？
Hell's bells, it's only been three months! 	我们只试了三个月！ 
And as for the view, it's second to none. 	把生活中的一切烦恼抛到脑后，尽情欣赏这美丽的焰火吧。 
This paper introduces the basic work principles of the campus distance monitoring system on embedded technology, incorporates, how to use the embedded technology to design campus distance monitoring system in the trend of the time when network is used as a new carrier for safety and pro tection.	文章介绍了基于嵌入式技术的校园远程监控系统的基本工作原理，探讨了目前以网络作为安全防范系统新型载体的时代潮流下，如何利用嵌入式技术进行校园远程监控系统的设计。
I didn't have one. 	我没有。 
The one you had last week when I couldn't see you for three days. 	上星期让我三天无法见到你的那个。 
Let me give you some advice, bastard.	给你点建议私生子。
Go out there and do it! 	无所畏惧放手一搏！ 
Take out the brain and hold it in his hand. 	把他的脑子拿在手里。 
He used the word ransom. 	他用了 赎金 这个词。 
Tania merchant this is, this is just not done. 	泰妮娅·马琴特这是，这么做是不可以的。 
He was a highly placed sleeper for almost 20 years. 	他在高层潜伏了近20年。 
Cut in the sublight engines. 	把引擎关掉。 
Yes, and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids.	兰尼斯港的渔夫还说他们看见美人鱼了呢。
Just started shooting. 	他就只有开枪。 
I wouldn't have noticed him	我没注意到他
But not with your hand, okay? 	别用手，知道吗？ 
Much sadder than the english words.	比英语要忧伤多了。
You see, Oh, like that.	你看，哦，比如你这样。
Hey, if I were you, I'd worry about my fingerprint. 	我是你的话，就先担心一下指纹问题。 
My neighbors are really nice.	我的邻居们都蛮不错的。
Why did you have to get medicine?	为什么非要去买药？
Near the Chinese border.	就在中国的边境上。
All public lytraded corporations has been structured 	所有公开交易的企业是通过 
Has there been a terrorist attack? - no. 	是不是有恐怖袭击了- 不是 
He takes a closer look: rabbits with human faces. Humans with the bodies of rabbits. Rabbit-human-rabbit.	他凑近看了看：长着人脸的兔子，有着兔子身体的人类，兔子-人类-兔子。
Ms. mcauley's laboratory skills include protein assays ( ria, elisa), molecular biology techniques ( dna cloning, plasmid preparation and purification, electrophoresis), cell culture, transfection, in-vitro production of embryos, oocyte aspiration, and embryo grading and vitrification.	她的实验室工作经验包括蛋白质定量检测(ria,elisa)、分子生物学技术(dna克隆、质粒制备和纯化、电泳)、细胞培养、转染、胚胎体外成产、卵细胞采集、胚胎评级和玻璃化。
Everybody talks about it that we never seen that hands and arms go like you 	所有人都说从没见过有谁的胳膊像你这样灵活的 
She cooks better, she looks better, she kisses better. Mommy's a better person.	会烧菜、会打扮、会亲吻。
Oh, you'd be surprised what one can find in there. 	噢，你会对那里找到的东西感到吃惊的。 
Potato is an important food and vegetable in xiangfan; and the industry is gradually widening.	马铃薯是襄樊市重要的粮菜兼用作物之一，其产业发展呈逐步扩大趋势。
I make you half - black, half - Russian baby. 	我们生个俄国混血。 
It's my fault	你看看我这个人
13 Things your waiter won't tell you	侍者不会告诉你的13件事
U H, was. 	嗯，曾经是。 
So, I hear your dad's franchising himself all over these days. 	我听说你爸爸这些日子到处游走。 
Ugly polish military intelligence offices... 	去波兰的军事情报机构…… 
don't drag me into your pathetic, whiny, little squabble	别用你的不满把我拖下水
I suggest you start at the IAB: pick up the trail from there:	我建议你从实验室开始：从那寻找线索：
Safenet technology co., ltd. tianjin.	天津赛孚科技有限公司。
Convert to judaism and wear a yarmulka?	信奉犹太教并带上一顶小犹太帽？
Calcium oxide is made by heating up limestone ( calcium carbonate).	因为二氧化钙是通过加热石灰岩（即碳酸钙）获得的。
Why cant I use the boot-time scan?	为什么我不能使用开机扫描？
I am warning you, don't ever insult my idol.	我警告你，不要侮辱我偶像。
The cider train, tour of the tree farm... 	乘坐运送苹果酒的列车啦观光游览林场啦... 
don't forget to call him sir. He likes that. 	别忘了称呼他长官。他喜欢那样叫他的。 
I'm very sorry but the store is closing.	我很抱歉故事该结束了。
I'm sorry, actually, you know what? Look at you. Look! 	抱歉，实际上你知道么？看看你看！ 
New York City Tax 5.875% 	纽约市税率5.875% 
But I have to find a way to get my verbal up. 	但我要想办法提高语言能力。 
I grabbed the wrong bag.	我拿错袋子了。
Because no matter how many guests she was hosting 	因为不管她接待了多少客人 
Not a big deal? This a big deal to you?	不是什么了不起的事？对你是了不起的事吗？
Go on where? Excuse me? 	去哪？什么？ 
I spent a year in juvenile detention for stealing cars. 	我因为偷车在青年劳教所待了一年。 
I hear the same about you. 	别人也是这么说你的啊。 
You must not mention your colleague under any circumstances.	在任何情况下都不要提到你的同事。
You go back and help the captain and doc! 	你回去帮船长和博士！ 
I'm a happy cop. 	我是个快乐的警察。 
I'll tell you what he's thinking. 	我来告诉你它是怎么想的。 
The most sensational revelation came when the same paper published an internal memo quoting one cardinal as saying that benedict would be dead by year's end.	最轰动的真相是比报纸再次发行一位主教的内部备忘录，其中透露本尼迪克特会死于年末。
After we do it, he cries. Why? 	我们做了以后他哭了。为什么？ 
I've got a fiber here. 	找到些纤维 
They got the disease because they were unhygienic in handling domesticated birds that are infected.	因为他们有这种疾病源于不卫生处理禽鸟感染.
A new safety system of optical fiber sensors for methane measurement is described based on the near-infrared region absorption mechanism.	基于甲烷气体在近红外波段对光的吸收机理，提出一种新安全型光纤甲烷传感器系统。
A - and for what, maybe half an hour?	看了她多久，也许就半个小时？
With people after they were married, they have said that it's fantastic.	做爱时，她们觉得太奇妙了。
Get out of here. All of you 	出去。全部离开 
I was working illegally. Why are you getting involved now? 	我在非法工作。那现在为什么不怕被卷入了呢？ 
Did it give you a different perspective on her?	是否让你对她有了新的认识呢？
What about before that? 	在那之前又如何呢？ 
Hey, Jeff. Agent Pete Lattimer. 	你好，杰夫。我是皮特•拉蒂默探员。 
I didn't know we were exclusive	我不知道咱们要彼此专一的
New Years Eve Party per paying guest with party favors, music and dancing, and champagne toast. 	每位支付全价的客人都可参加新年前夜派对，提供礼品、音乐和舞蹈以及香槟祝酒。 
Okay. Let me talk to him.	好吧。我会和他谈谈的。
If you tell me what you know, there's a chance we could put this guy away. 	如果你把知道的告诉我，我们有机会搞定这个家伙。 
Man swift and decisive is how the Pentagon describes 	快捷和坚决是五角大楼对 
Or, as burck put it in 1973, "corporate executives who are strict constructionists at heart, and who harbor powerful lusts for almighty dollars, might nevertheless conclude that an activist social posture was good for their companies."	或者，正如伯克在1973年所述，“那些内心是不折不扣的建设者、那些对万能金钱拥有强烈渴望的企业高管们或许仍然会得出结论，积极承担社会责任的形象符合公司利益。”
And all I ask on my end 	我不想等到 
You know, I keep putting myself out there, and you keep blowing it, 	你知道，我倾囊而出了，而你一直都在排斥我， 
Talking publicly about personal danger is in almost no one's interest, so we don't hear much about these issues.	几乎没有人愿意公开讨论人身安全问题，因此有关这类事件的消息并不多。
I could pop your eye out.	我要挖掉你的眼睛.
Uld you call back tomorrow?	你能明天回个电话吗？
So far, he says, seven ministers in the kurdish regional government, more than 100 assembly members and at least 50 academics have taken flats in naz city.	他说，至今已有七名库尔德地方政府部长，超过100名议会成员和至少50名学者在纳兹城拥有公寓。
London-a fragile economic recovery in 2010 will bring gradual growth for insurers and reinsurers, swiss reinsurance co. predicts.	瑞士再保险公司预测2010年，十分脆弱的经济将逐渐恢复，这将带动保险和再保险业的逐步增长。
I can't take all this on a failure. 	失败了，我不收费用的。 
They trod the flowers into the ground.	他们把花踩进地里去。
You can't hear now. It's too small.	你听不到什么的啦。它还太小了。
I saw the picture in your book by chance. 	我碰巧看到了你书里的照片。 
Yes absolutely, but this boy, as to go back to school.	当然啦，但这个孩子得去上学啊。
Three years after an inconvenient truth won over moviegoers and oscar voters, many new works are suffering the same fate plaguing other intellectually engaging films: moviegoers would rather hug transformers than trees.	《难以忽视的真相》赢得大量观众以及奥斯卡奖后三年，那些给观众灌输知识的新的电影作品，普遍为这样一个现实深受其苦：看电影的人宁愿力挺变形金刚也不会去关心树木。
Panicle shortly exserted; lemma evenly hairy.	短的圆锥花序外露；外稃平均有毛。
Feeling pretty good. He's here. 	感觉极好。他来了。 
Not days behind the other teams, it'll be us and the Guidos.	有几天的时间，现在又多了几个小时。
Tropic of Capricorn? Remember? 	南回归线？还记得吗？ 
It's a small town on a tributary of the Yangtze river	是长江支流上的一个小镇
I admire your sense of humor, your generosity and your devil - may - care attitude.	我欣赏你的幽默感，你的慷慨大方还有无忧无虑的态度。
cause this was never about the money.	因为这一切都不是为了钱。
Look, you want mom? Yeah. Tell her it's important. 	你要找妈妈吗？是的，告诉她事情很重要。 
And that's just easier to do if they're square.	假如做成方形的话就很容易摆进去。
Well, right back at ya. 	嗯，彼此彼此。 
During the three other seasons? 	他以什么为生？ 
Mr. Dainard? It's Joe lamb. 	丹尼亚德先生我是乔·兰博。 
What? Where are ya going? You're bailing on our game. 	什么？你要去哪你走了我们还怎么玩。 
In fact, don't even look at me. Turn your head away from me. 	你别看着我。把头给我转过去。 
No, you, you were right.	当然了，你.. 你是对的。
Who are never wrong.	它们的嗅觉绝不会出错。
...a glum, downcast expression.	忧郁、沮丧的表情
I know, I heard you the first 3 times you said it. 	我知道，你都说了3遍了。 
Women? Attractive women.	女人？很美的女人。
Take I-35 South to Exit 232-A, Oltorf Street. 	沿着35号州际公路南行至232-A号出口，从这个出口驶离至奥尔特弗街道。 
You have been programmed to hear that which is external through your outer physical ears.	你们已经被编程，借由你们外在的物理之耳，去听取外在之音。
But that nothing happened.	不如说什么事也没有发生。
If for a second you're scared, or you don't like what's happening,	哪怕你有一点点害怕，或者你不想继续下去，
We're all just out here trying to get some food. 	我们出来只不过是想混口饭吃。 
Oh, you know, it was fun, but there's no place like home. 	噢，你知道的，这和家完全不一样。 
The team score will be added to each of their individual scores.	团体分会被加入个人分。
Ma 'am? Hat and shoes go in the bin. Step through.	女士？帽子放到扫描机上通过。
I got her. I got her. I got her. I got her. 	我抓到了。我抓到了。我抓到了。我抓到了。 
I didn't even know you and my dad were friends. 	我都不知道你和我爸是朋友。 
Stable consumption growth was underpinned by tight labor markets and continued increases in wages.	劳动力市场供不应求的状况以及工资水平持续上涨为消费的稳步增长提供了支撑。
She's not in. Please step outside!	她不在。请您出去！
You built this, Mr. Cutter? 	你做的，科特先生？ 
don't worry, sir. I'll take care of both of them.	别担心，我会注意他们俩的。
Can... Can we go over this tomorrow? 	呃...我们可以明天再讨论这个吗？ 
From now on. We'll do things the old fashioned way. 	从现在开始。我们用最古老的方式走。 
Smooth. Good finish.	入口柔滑。回味甘醇。
You'll die from that! 	你小心哪！ 
He was nice to me on my first day. It's those little things that count. 	我第一天当兵时，他对我很好很多小事情。 
Fishes of the family euclichthyidae, order gadiformes ( cods).	鳕形目(鳕鱼)，歪尾鳕科的鱼类。
I was, uh, with my fiance? 	我正在，嗯，和我的未婚夫？ 
How could you have been with him? 	你以前怎么会跟他在一起？ 
What is it this time? Please just go. 	又怎么了呀？请你走吧。 
Why don't we go through his things? Where's his desk? At his office. 	为什么我们不仔细检查一下他的东西？他的书桌在哪？在他的办公室。 
I'll kill you, Sarone! I swear to God! 	我要宰了你！我发誓！ 
We relied on it for everything.	一切都要依靠电力。
The latinos who remain are mostly dual citizens or green-card holders, who go back and forth across the border with relative ease.	留在当地的大部分拉丁美洲人是双城居民或者绿卡持有者，边境来往相对容易。
Yeah, there's no door on the roof of my car. 	哦，可是在我的车顶上可没有门啊。 
Go home, you miserable sack of shit. 	回家吧，你这落魄倒霉蛋。 
You know I can change too. 	你知道，我也能改变。 
A relatively cautious united will cope with that dip in popularity so long as their fortunes continue to soar.	一支球风相对谨慎的曼联会成功应对这种倾向，只要他们的时运继续向上高升。
I'm meeting men through personal ads, 	我要通过个人广告认识一些男人， 
My younger brother looks like you.	我的弟弟跟你很像。
But don't put your - keep your books handy.	但不要放下书拿在手上。
On the Internet? How is that meeting? 	在网上？人们是怎么认识的？ 
Yes. I'm in trouble. 	是的。我有麻烦了。 
Be interesting to see how long she lasts.	我很想知道她能维持多久。
Because it wasn't called that then	当时不叫这个
As for the electron-positron collider, first I want to tell you a story.	说起我们这个正负电子对撞机工程，我先讲个故事。
You talk to the police about your friend?	找警察谈过你朋友的事了吗？
Type it up? It's not finished until you type it up.	打出来？没打出来就不算写好。
Influence of spring flood on tongguan elevation.	桃汛洪水对潼关高程作用分析。
As if you own the world.	仿佛你们拥有全世界似的。
You should consider yourself lucky that we're even having sex.	我们还做爱呢你就该偷着乐了。
Jthe fashion industry is always desperate to innovate.	时装行业总是竭尽全力地进行创新。
Their bodies were found in a wooded area in a southern part of the county near the city.	尸体在郡南部近市区的林中被发现。
But they said she must've wandered off coue.	但他们说她一定是迷路了。
You must not spoil me. I'm not that old, just tired.	你不能把我给宠坏了。我还没老到那个份上只是有点疲倦。
We're not in peak form. 	技术已经不灵了，对吗。 
But she looks gorgeous. 	她看起来美极了！ 
The fear is, just as we saw with fila, that they dont have the support system to make a product built for professional preformance.	令人担心的地方在于，正如我们在fila（的事件）上看到的，他们没有应对制造专业体育产品的支援体系。
One $50 Master Card Gift Card per room. 	每间房附送1张价值50美元万事达卡的礼券 
Very own first family.	最早来的家庭。
For this great gift, we thank God 	为了这个伟大的礼物，我们感谢天主 
Oh, there she is. Oh. 	哦，她来了。哦。 
Just a half dozen soda waters, disguised as gin and tonics. 	只有半打苏打水，假装是琴酒和金汤力。 
You go back to oxford in a week's time.	你一周内要回牛津大学。
So I'm just learning how to pose now. 	我在学习如何摆造型。 
I don't know how you get me to fall for that egg-shaped head every morning.	真不知道你是用什么办法让我每天都爱上你的咸蛋头
Perhaps you should bite me.	也许你应该咬我一口。
My boys back there bet me I didn't have the stonesto get your phone number.	我的朋友们在打赌我没办法拿到你的电话号码。
That was nice. Real nice.	很不错是不错。
I went to the beach,	我去了岸边，
Culture and identification of neural stem cells from the forebrain of human embryo.	人胚胎神经干细胞的分离培养及鉴定。
If we hide underground, we've got a chance, don't we? 	如果我们藏在地下，就有一线生机对吧？ 
I'm finding you surprisingly unlikable. 	我没想到你这么靠不住 
He lounged in an left armchair in a stance of deliberconsumed contempt.	他懒洋洋地躺在扶手椅里，用意摆出一种藐视的架势。
The taxi and car-rental businesses might merge into one automated pick-up and drop-off service: gm has already shown a prototype of a two-seater, battery-powered pod that would scuttle about town, with passengers summoning it by smartphone.	出租车和租车业务可能合并成一个自动上车和下车服务：通用汽车已经展示了拥有双座、电池驱动吊舱的自动车模型，乘客可以使用智能手机召唤它。
In television images beamed around the world, pro-tibetan protesters were shown making their most organised attempt so far to disrupt the torch's progress to beijing and drawing attention to their cause.	在世界各地播放的电视画面中，支持西藏的抗议者发起了迄今为止最有组织的活动，以扰乱火炬传递，吸引人们关注他们的诉求。
He was a big, burly man.	他高大魁梧。
He's barely touched his dram.	他连口酒都没碰。
Ballistics check out.	弹道规格检查发现。
Everyone, say hello toig Carl.	各位，这是大卡。
Boys said they didn't get any.	但他们说没收获。
Her grief was so truly artless.	她的悲哀是这样真诚，没有做作。
You rase a why do you impersonate Mr chen? 	你这个无赖，为什么冒充陈大叔？ 
don't. But these are big gum drops. 	别吃但它们是大软糖啊 
The biological differences produce different sexual behaviors and strategies.	生物学的不同产生了不同的性行为和策略。
Shortcut keys is coming up in the next version.	下一个版本中将会加入快捷键功能。
I'm looking forward to seeing rich.	我想看到理查。
You want to see what I trust? 	想知道我信任什么吗？ 
I just bought the house from mrs. kaplan.	我刚从凯普兰夫人那里买了这所房子。
So he woke up, and I had to take over. It was the quickest orgasm he ever had. 	所以他醒后，我只能接替过来。那是他以往高潮中最快的一次。 
I should drift, I should blow.	我要纷飞我要飘舞。
Decree of the ministry of human resources andsocial security of the people's republic of china.	中华人平易近共和国人力资源和社会保障部令。
In groups it's often the non-expert, the outlier, or the person who isn't in charge who has the most interesting idea.	在一组人中，最有意思的想法往往是那些非专家级人物、局外人或普通组员提出的。
Molecular sieve, catalyst, drying agent, gas purifier.	分子筛、催化剂、干燥剂、气体净化器。
The courts later found grounds to annul the results, after the king urged them to sort out the "mess".	在国王敦促法庭收拾烂摊子后，法庭随后宣布废除选举结果。
But they found out that that wouldn't be the case. 	却发现事情没那么简单。 
I say we dig a hole, dump the shit in. Six months. Play it safe.	我说我们挖个坑，把这些货埋进去放半年。不冒险。
Augustine, we have to honor the kids that are excelling, not neglect them. 	奥古斯丁，我们要嘉奖那些优秀的学生，而不是视而不见。 
Since the divorce last year. 	就一直在争抚养权。 
Perhaps that also explains the naming of athens, georgia and athens, west virginia for the ancient city of athens, greece.	这也许同样解释了乔治亚和西福吉尼亚有两个地方都以希腊古城雅典命名。
Oh. Have a seat, Haley. 	哦，坐吧，海莉。 
They always stress me out.	总想把俺逼疯。
Do you think praying really does anything? I'm thinking about checking out a Bible group.	你真觉得祈祷有用？我寻思着参加圣经小组。
Was more important than two of our guys! 	比两名士兵的性命重要时会很高兴！ 
I'm not sure. You're not sure. 	我不太肯定。你不肯定。 
But I'm still cannot wondering what if, you know? 	但我仍禁不住想“如果.. 的话”，明白吗？ 
OK, I've got a visual. Set up a roadblock at mile - marker 15.	我看到他了，在15英哩处设路障。
Okay, yeah, I'm gonna take a little break. 	得了，我还是歇会儿吧。 
Unless you surrender. 	如果你不投降。 
The cause of this problem is the same as the cause of so many present ills: specialization.	这个问题的原因和许许多多现在的病一样：专门化。
I like to think that she got all of my good parts. 	我觉得她继承了我的所有优点。 
Today everyone wants to be in on the retail action.	在今天，人人都想通过零售的方式共襄盛举。
My leg! Your what?	我的腿！你的什么？
Because it's, actually, it's kind of... 	因为，实际上这是一种… 
We all have to, dad.	我们都必须接受，爸爸。
Urban land is one part of land resource, its asset benefit is tiptop, it supplies location and space for urban build and production, it is the substance base of urban sustainable development.	城市土地资源是土地资源中资产效益最高的一部分，为城市建设和生产提供了场所和空间，是城市可持续发展的物质基础。
He says Whitacre told him.	他说是威特柯告诉他的。
They thanked me for my service.	他们感谢我的服务。
On the big day, just as tommy starts to let the bilbies out of their cage so that the children can pat them, peter ransom and benny russell start pushing and shoving and scare the bilbies so much that they run away.	在那个大日子，正当汤米开始将兔耳袋狸放出笼外，以便孩子们可以轻拍它们时，彼得瑞森和班利罗森尔开始拼命推挤、碰撞，因此兔耳袋狸受到极大惊吓而逃跑。
A marriage is arranged and celebrated	明媒成婚把龙凤扮
But we can't change who he is. 	但我们无法改变他。 
What the growth of Manchester does is it really changes the	曼彻斯特的扩张改变了
Did you guys get a dog?	你们买了一条狗？
The fire department. We didn't talk about it.	关于消防队的事。我没跟他说过。
But if I absolutely had to, 	但如果非要这么做， 
How dare you mess with mywomen?	偷女人偷到俺的头上来了？
Terrorist cells. 	恐怖分子啦。 
Experts say there's an easy way to judge.	专家说，有一个简单的方法来判断。
Entirely to that kitchen master 	完全是承蒙典座的大恩 
I don't know why you two want to be fooling around in this hospital.	我不知道为什么你俩要在医院鬼混。
So how do we work faster and better and still keep the quality. 	所以我们在保证质量的同时要更快更好。 
Come with me, please. 	出来说话。 
The wretched man is a prisoner of his own greed.	这个可恶的人被他自己的贪欲所囿。
She's doing it to me! Just stop it, all of you. 	她开始重复我说的话了！都别说话了都停下来。 
Because new material emerges in endlessly, provided substantial measure for stylist, the change of the unimaginably queer in contemporary seat design appears more often.	由于新材料层出不穷，为设计师提供了丰富的手段，现代座椅设计中匪夷所思的变化出现得更加频繁。
Well, I guess self-defense really isn't the proper term...	好吧，我猜测正当防卫真的不是很适当的...
You know, anything for a laugh. How's the house? 	为了艺术没办法呀？ 
Could you please take it to her?	你能帮我带给她吗？
The ancient lotus pond, located in baoding, hebei province, china, is a compounded buildings and gardens integrated with the functions of landscape architecture, school, and royal palace. Its construction deeply influenced by traditional chinese cultures, such as confucianism, taoism, and buddhism.	融园林、书院、行宫三位一体的古莲花池历经沧桑，其景观的营造受到了儒、道、禅等传统哲学文化的深刻影响。
Bount is hoping to make kellogg entirely distinctive again.	如今，勃郎特希望使凯洛格商学院再次变得卓尔不群。
My daughter believed in the power of a good foundation. 	我女儿相信好文胸对女人很重要。 
Oh, I wish it didn't bother me so much anymore. 	希望我再也不会纠结这个了。 
It is for you since you are not well.	你受了伤这是为你做的。
You don't trust me now?	你现在不信任我了？
Hearing impaired services, TTY systems available 	提供听力受损人士服务和 TTY 电话。 
Now, acknowledge your audience. 	快去谢礼。 
This year is seven - layer chocolate cake. 	今年是七层巧克力蛋糕。 
Excuse, guys. Sorry.	借过一下，伙计。抱歉。
The book was rubbished by them.	这本书被他们贬得一无是处。
A knight of a religious military order established in 1118 to protect pilgrims and the holy sepulcher.	1118年制定的宗教军事命令中保护朝圣者和宗教神圣储藏物的武士。
We do. I guess that merits a celebration. 	是的。我想这值得庆祝一下。 
Trading on the shares has been suspended since early july.	自7月初以来，该股一直被停牌。
A team of 16 paramedics is standing by to treat the men.	一个有由16名医务人员组成的医疗队在一旁等待施救。
And yet, each month, I felt the full moon enriching me with its energy. 	不过，每月满月之时我都用月光为自己充满能量 
That's sweet of you, but if you're still rattled, he can handle it himself.	你真是好心，但如果你还没平复下来他一个人可以应付得来的。
We gotta grab our little girl, and we gotta run.	我们带着女儿，赶紧离开。
So you just have to avoid doing something embarrassing for 48 hours. 	你只要在48小时内别做傻事就可以了。 
Your reservations are also confirmed for tonight at Micelli's.	已经帮您在莫切里餐厅定了今晚的位子。
Extra Bed 25.00 EUR fee per night 	额外加床，每晚收费25.00欧元。 
I tried to do something a little more current. 	我尝试了更新潮的东西。 
Like google, yahoo, and even amazon, facebook will have to recast itself as the internet landscape changes.	脸谱也会像谷歌、雅虎，甚至是亚马逊一样，随着互联网风向标的转动而改弦易张。
I'm not going to spare you! 	我不要再跟你废话了！ 
They are to be joined with you in the care of the tent of meeting, doing whatever is needed for the tent: and no one of any other family may come near you.	他们要与你联合，也要看守会幕，办理帐幕一切的事，只是外人不可挨近你们。
I'm not crazy. I'm not crazy. I'm not crazy. 	我没疯。我没疯。我没疯。 
You no longer have the cleanest cab in la-la land.	你已经不再拥有拉拉大陆最干净的出租车了。
I will take one for the team. 	我可以代表全队奉献一次。 
Breathtaking little devils!	一群令人叹为观止的小恶魔啊！
If the girl is found in time -  	如果那个女孩及时被发现 - 
Get drunk, to say good - bye 	喝吧，这样子的告别 
Funny. Girls.	有意思。小姑娘们。
don't worry. We gotta be careful. 	别担心。我们得小心点。 
I backed you in there, Jim, 	我支持你吉姆， 
If I can't make old blue eyes happy, then you should. 	如果我不能让蓝眼睛大叔高兴，那你应该可以。 
Well, his dad isn't with him. 	他爸爸没有跟着他去。 
Yeah, too bad, too bad.	是啊，不幸，太不幸了。
Was knowing what to give up for each other	为对方付出什么
You got your books, your boats and your Ivy pride, right? 	你带着你的书，船和你的傲气，是吗？ 
I called him Freddy.	我叫他傅瑞得。
The hotel is also attached to the Centurion Fitness Centre which has a fully air-conditioned gym, with extra escapism available in the form of a steam room, sauna, spa pool and indoor family swimming pool. 	我们酒店还隶属于有全空调健身房的森特恩健身中心，设有蒸汽浴室、桑拿浴室、水疗池和室内家庭游泳池等额外设施，您可以忘记烦恼。 
The hung postpartum stress scale, the social support scale, and the 12-item chinese health questionnaire were used to compare the postpartum stress, social support, and mental health status of primiparous and multiparous women.	名经产妇以洪氏产后压力量表、社会支持量表和中国人健康量表，比较两组妇女的产后压力、社会支持和心理健康状况。
That he needs friends	他需要朋友
As this article is fragile, be sure to put enough padding.	此物易碎，请务必装入富足的添补物。
In a real sense, sherman was correct.	谢尔曼对这个问题的感觉是正确的。
I can feel you looking at me with pity, thinking, "oh my god, what century does this guy come from?"	我可以感觉到你用怜悯的眼光看着我，然后想，“天呐，这个人来自哪个世纪？”
The BEST WESTERN Hotel Cristallo provides a large reserved parking place, to leave your car or bus. 	贝斯特韦斯特克丽斯塔罗酒店提供大型停车场停放您的车或大巴。 
It's on pretty much every river in southern Britain.	几乎在英国南部的所有河岸都有它。
Tee is much worse.	换另一条路更糟。
The more choice you have, the more likely you are to find the one.	你的选择越多，能够找到意中人的可能性也越大。
So I bet they're not stuffy. I bet they're freezing their nibbles off. 	所以我想他们一定不热。我想他们一定把耳朵都冻掉了。 
I hope he doesn't have his company's insurance. 	愿他没有上自己公司的保险。 
Nate, get the dog. 	奈特，抓住那只狗。 
I have a lot to be proud of as far as I've come from and to look forward to regardless of the show. 	我对我的过去和将来都充满自豪无论怎样。 
Putting two and two together, I assume that this was the car he used.	根据我的了解，我猜想这是他曾开过的车子。
India's family bosses would applaud.	印度家族企业的老板们将鼓掌以示欢迎。
I'm recommending you as editor of our poetry magazine, the Poeticus. 	我推荐你做我们诗歌杂志的编辑 。 
This kind of solidarity is especially important, when you are on the ground. 	在身处地面的时候，这样的团结一心特别重要。 
Youth services. I picked her up at orientation.	少年队她一来我就选她了。
After exhibiting significant weight loss in mid-2008, he took a nearly six month medical leave of absence in 2009, during which he received a liver transplant.	他在2008年年中体重明显下降后，在2009年休了近六个月的病假，在此期间他接受了肝移植手术。
Just when I was starting to believe you! 	我刚开始相信你！ 
Will you work a little miracle for me?	你能在我身上显奇迹吗?
But what if, instead of running away from who we are... 	但是如果我们不再是我们自己... 
Not every stalactite has a complementary stalagmite.	不是每根钟乳石都有互生的石笋。
And clear our names in all this. 	帮我们摆脱这一切吧。 
Oh, I've talked. I have talked plenty. 	噢我谈过了谈过很多。 
And anyway, he's a legacy, so he's automatically getting a bid.	不管怎样，他跟我一家，所以他自动加入兄弟会。
Or is he more of the, you know, the strong man of few words?	或者是他是那种话，很少很坚强的人么？
Colonel, you said it yourself. 	上校，你说过。 
Just I'm gonna be in the countryside tomorrow, all right? 	我明天要去乡下，好吧？ 
You know what, I'm making a decision now.	你知道吗，现在我来做个决定。
The technique involves heating organic matter to produce a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, called syngas.	这项技术涉及对有机物进行加热，从而制成一种称为“合成气”的氢气与一氧化碳的混合物。
Oh, be cool, cat. It's 4:1 5 on a Friday. 	哦，冷静点。现在是周五下午4：15。 
Given the size difference here, 	两队队员的身板相差太大， 
Did you know all the guys went out last night? 	昨晚男士们都出去嗨了知道吗？ 
Probed serial recognition paradigm, phonological similarity effect, orthographic similarity effect, visual similarity effect, verbal short-term memory.	序列再认作业,字音相似度,字形相似度,短期记忆,视觉相似度。
I don't really have time for a prank right now. 	我可没工夫跟你胡闹。 
Tell him you're putting the crown in your locker. 	告诉他你把皇冠锁在柜橱了。 
Oh, my God. Look at this shit. 	天啊。瞧瞧这些东西。 
As it changes direction, it refracts. 	光线改变，产生折射。 
Furniture and artwork.	家具艺术品。
But I don't think that would help either one of us to understand what's going on here. 	但我不认为这有助于我们解决眼前的问题。 
Through the teeming streets of London.	穿梭在伦敦的大街小巷。
I cause many problems.	我引起了许多问题。
You must get used to being looked at. - well, it's a fine painting.	你必须习惯被人们这么注视着多美的画啊
Where did the course deviation occur?	偏离的地点是哪里？
Focuses on the experience.	则更注重体验。
If this option is used twice, the second will override the previous use.	如果该选项使用过两次，则第二次将覆盖上一次的使用。
I'd never been to a mass where people knelt the whole time. 	我从未见过人们一直跪在那里做完弥撒。 
Personal? Not anymore.	私事？现在不是了。
The may decline was accounted for by inventory investment, while the june decline was more than doubly accounted for by net exports.	5月的下降归结为库存投资，而6月下降了两倍，归咎于净出口。
Ruby is difficult to describe.	很难来描述ruby。
He is now a politics student at leeds university.	他现在是利兹大学政治系学生。
He has penetrated into high society.	他已经踏进上层社会。
I can't believe you used Tom as an excuse for coming here.	我真不敢相信你把汤姆作为你来这里的借口。
Or do I have to go over to Amy's house 	我是自己带他过生日 
Husbands are filming store shelves while wives at home communicate with them on what to choose, and drivers are filming the scene of accidents for evidence in insurance claims.	丈夫一边拍摄货架，一边与在家的妻子商量打算选购的物品；司机拍下事故现场，作为保险索赔的证据。
No, no. Don't push me.	不，不。别推我。
It's really odd, you know? It's crazy odd. 	很奇怪你知道吗？非常奇怪。 
It'll keep you safe from the bad guys 	它能在你遇到坏蛋时保护你 
Guys,have a look!	伙计们，来看一下！
We have a case? Did you just get to work?	我们接到一个病例？你才来上班？
that's, uh... Rough week.	这礼拜你们真惨。
And a owl made of gold	找到黄金猫头鹰
He may not even know it. 	他也许还不知道。 
Just call me Sima.	就叫我司马。
Privatisation remains a dirty word.	私有化仍带着肮脏的意味。
He took me from the gutters and made me into one of the elites... 	他把我从炼狱中解救出来还把我训练成了精英... 
Didn't you hear me say "pretend"?	你听不到我说“假掷”吗？
Okay, okay. You want the truth? Here it is.	好吧，你要知道真相吗？我这就说。
Mount the tie rod end on the wheel carrier.	将横拉杆端安装到车轮托架上。
You don't bank billions 	循规蹈矩是 
But don't forget - you're also one - quarter Jewish! 	但你别忘了，你还是四分之一犹太人！ 
Would you like a cup of tea? Thank you.	你要喝茶吗？谢谢。
What are you getting? Supplies. 	你买了什么？补给品。 
I was wondering if you'd care to join myself and my assistant for a drink. 	我在想，你愿不愿意加入我和我的助手出来喝一杯。 
The global imbalance is enough to send the world spinning out of control, 	地球失衡足以使世界疯转， 
Did I do it right, mommy? Did l?	我做的对吗，妈妈？对吗？
children? Ever older. 	孩子？越来越大。 
And find yourself a real man? 	当回真正的女人？ 
Let's watch you do nothing when I do this. 	我出手你动也不敢动。 
a hermit with friends? 	有朋友的隐士？ 
All those years in prison. I am not important. 	在监狱里关了那些年。我无关紧要的。 
She's frightened of something	她被什么东西吓坏了
Just stop it! - shh.	住手！- 嘘。
Just some from others -  	只是一些其他 - 
Until then, look after the gear.. 	在那这前，看好这东西。 
What a beautiful pussy you are!	你是一只多么漂亮的猫咪
Brian Simmons here on behalf... 	布莱恩西蒙斯来代表。 
Because you were using it. 	因为你在用。 
And I make every payment until the sickness took my eye.	我几乎一直有在付贷款直到疾病夺走了我的眼睛。
The corollary to this is the idea that with appropriate education, indoctrination, social conditioning or what have you, people can be made to behave in almost any way imaginable.	对此进行推论就是，以适当的教育、灌输、社会条件作用以及你所能拥有的条件，便可把人塑造成几乎可按任何可想象到的方式行事。
Have tested positive for hundreds of chemicals. 	几百种化学物质呈阳性。 
From having a baby if you want one.	做妈妈的愿望与权力。
We'll talk in the morning.	我们早上再讨论。
The inside east and west idea has bumped to produce the numerous and complicated and complicated art appearance in the current culture realm, ren draws success and failure in the traditional chinese painting development when we develop the traditional chinese painting has the very strong significance.	当前文化领域的中西思想对撞产生了纷繁复杂的艺术形态，任氏在中国画发展中的所得所失于当前我们发扬中国绘画具有极强鉴示意义。
You will talk eventually 	你始终都会讲的 
Knock that's it! Sorry, sorry, sorry. 	嘿快住手！对不起，对不起，对不起。 
I stayed behind philosophizing about what to do with a philosophy degree. While unemployed. And still in brownsville.	我留了下来，从哲学的角度思考我这个哲学的学位可以做点什么，我仍在留在布朗斯威尔，处于失业状态。
But little did I realize that our problems weren't over. 	但我一点也没意识到我们的问题还没结束。 
don't let me drop sweat in there. 	别让我把汗也滴进去。 
In hotels... Who, erm... W - work. 	在饭店...他们，呃...工作。 
If you're interested, I can get you a killer deal now. 	如果你们感兴趣，我能给你们一个跳楼价。 
And we want to get this behind us as soon as possible.	我们希望尽快忘掉这些。
But when pharaoh saw that the rain and the hail and the thunder had ceased, he sinned again and hardened his heart, he and his servants.	法老见雨、雹和雷止住，就又犯罪，并且硬着心，他和他的臣仆都是如此。
because all of them had their good and bad points. 	因为它们各有优劣。 
Every day, babe, every day. 	每天，宝贝，每天。 
A classic? It just opened. 	很经典？才开始公映呢。 
It's big. Big? 	很大。很大？ 
Or the gremlin lady ate me or something.	或是被怪物吃掉。
I taught him to hold and fire a gun. 	我就教他如何举枪射击。 
I'm peg. Hey, nice to meet you. 	我是佩格。嗨，很高兴见到你。 
I gaze into the moon whichmakes my mind pure as crystal lakes.	我凝望着这涤荡我心灵如晶湖的明月。
don't worry. Cases like this, it's best to just sit tight. 	别担心。像这样的案子，最好就是坐下来等。 
I see you Haven't lost your delicate sense of humor, Valentin...	我看你的幽默感还在，维伦汀
It was amazing. I mean, I make lists. - that's great. 	太棒了。我是说，我列计划表了。- 好极了。 
All right. I used your toothbrush. 	好。我刚用了你的牙刷。 
Dancer. Look, I would love... 	是舞女。你看，我喜欢…… 
And I'm gonna personally make sure you go for a very long time. 	我个人非常确信你会坐非常长的时间。 
If they hadn't, I think we might have saved him. 	如果他们没有的话，我想我们是可以救他的。 
That was the problem that I aimed to solve with payperks. "	这就是我试图通过PayPerks解决的问题。”
All right, look, let's be logical about this. Let's go through the story one more time.	好吧，看吧，我们理性一点。让我们从头把事情再想一遍。
Yeah, he said he had some things to do in the city, 	嗯，他说他在这里有些事做， 
But ever since I can remember,	但从有记忆起，
You called this man Uday's pimp? He's lying.	你叫他乌代的拉皮条的？他在撒谎。
A singularity of intent. 	意图就是一个。 
I'll drive. I don't think so. 	我来开。还是算了。 
You're approaching the choir 	你说得很好听 
Listen, uh, I want to thank you	听着，呃，我想谢谢你
It's on! Oh, yeah.	有戏了！没错。
So we could meet again. 	所以我们还能见面。 
The bid inviting party may not arrange for individual or separate onsite surveys for any one bidder.	招标人不得单独或者分别组织任何一个投标人进行现场踏勘。
They bayoneted one little boy, killing him,	他们把刀刺向小男孩，杀了他，
Yes and you will have to attend. 	是的你一定要参加。 
This, the team hoped, would help elucidate a phenomenon known as neutrino oscillation.	此团队希望这将有助于澄清著名的中微子振荡现象。
His brain is turning into mush, and he's at risk for more infections. We have to do it.	他的大脑正在变成软块，他会更容易感染，我们必须这么做。
I'll pass. You can't pass. 	我放弃。你不能放弃。 
That a ghoul was looking for an ex-ghoul?	一个黑帮的人在找另外一个寻仇？
Objective to study the preventive effects of lidocaine and dexamethasone on extravasation of chemotherapeutic drugs.	目的探讨盐酸利多卡因和地塞米松磷酸钠在预防化疗药物外渗中的作用。
And he overlaid the cherubim with gold.	又用金子包裹二基路伯。
What do I need help for? 	我不需要帮忙？ 
Taking me to be some innocent photo, you've trapped me in a golden frame.	把我装进这些天真的照片，给我镶上金色的框子。
Okay, you know you need special permission	好吧，你知道你是需要特别许可
All right. I don't wanna give you this,	好吧。我可不想给你这个，
But mention of... 	但提到... 
Peruvian americans: identity and race soy andina film in dc.	秘鲁美国人：种族身份和大豆安迪纳电影直流。
Ln a few minutes, you're gonna wish you were. Let's go, come on.	待会儿你就会巴不得自己是在佛罗里达了。
Showed an unprecedented amount of brain activity,	显示他的脑部活动空前活跃，
I need all the locations data you've got 	我要你给我所有这个 
The sturdy, stable walker helps babies learn to stand and walk.	坚固的，稳定的婴儿学步车有助于学习站立，走路。
Gets the peak working set for the lifetime of the process to date.	获取目前为止进程生存期的峰值工作集。
My teacher, miss Kramer, has a girlfriend.	我的老师了克莱玛小姐有个女朋友。
Did I ever tell you that before Christmas,	我有没跟你说过以前圣诞节前夕我常常趁父母睡着的时候，
125 mile(s) from Cleveland 	距克利夫兰 125 英里 
There was, like, moaning and yelling.	有呻吟声和呐喊声。
Sure. Could you get Larry king do wn here? 	当然可以。你能把拉里。金叫到这里来吗？ 
I've heard your woman is pregnant  	我听说你的夫人怀孕了  
God, you are so funny. 	天呐，你可真逗。 
When this little boy came back from his parents' funeral, he was confused, lost... Scared. 	当年那个小男孩从他父母葬礼上回来，他那么的迷茫失落... 恐惧。 
But I am one step ahead of them now though.	但是我比他们早料了一步。
I just can't believe they picked me to replace her.	我真不能相信他们选我替换她。
This can easily lead to worsening trade friction.	这，很容易导致更严重的贸易摩擦。
Can we go light the candles now? 	我们现在能去点蜡烛了吗？ 
It must be Thursday. I could never get the hang of Thursdays. 	今天一定是星期四。我星期四不能喝醉酒。 
Hey, when you were studying about the time you were abroad 	好好想想过去你在国外的那段日子 
In the end, they stop arguing and live together.	最后，他们和好如初了。
But this cross - section, the sheath is round.	但这个截面鞘部是圆形的。
All systems ready. 	所有系统准备就绪。 
Okay, just relax. Just tell me where you are.	好吧。冷静点。告诉我你在哪里。
Lovely, sorted, mate - 	厉害，记得那么清楚兄弟- 
Now why would I expect him? 	我为什么要等他？ 
Because Hindus believe if you die here, 	因为印度教徒相信如果能在这里死去， 
Afternoon. Captain Cheney. 	午安。我是钱尼队长。 
Even where they are a minority of only a few thousand, as in egypt and tunisia, berbers have been able for the first time to form community associations.	即使在埃及和突尼斯是人数仅有数千的少数派，柏柏尔人也能在第一时间组成社会团体。
The most dominant player, actually, for...As a big man... 	最有统治力的球员，实际上，因为…作为一个大个子…。 
Let's go now, live, to the game zone!	好，现在实况转播比赛现场！
You see, what we need to do, though - what we need is -	你看，我们所需要做的事情，不过，我们需要的是—
But I couldn't get there. 	但我没办法赶过去。 
The default visibility of the divider line for all manager shapes.	默认情况下，所有经理形状分隔线均可见。
That might've been a challenge for me... 	即便对我而言这也是个高难度的实验… 
Remember your real family!	要记得你们真正的家!
It's another worry on me plate, with this and everything else.	我又有事要烦恼了，一件接着一件。
Because when these little children, you see, closed their eyes at night. 	因为当这些孩子，看，在夜里一闭上眼睛。 
Send a message to the execution branch.	传话到刺杀部。
He takes out 40 guys because he's guided by the spirit of the frog. 	他打倒了40个人因为有蛙神指引着他。 
Invoke national security.	以国家安全为由啊。
Let's just go back to that. 	我们继续玩吧。 
You gotta go. You gotta go now. No no. 	你走吧。你现在走吧。不。不 
That was off the hook! 	太有型了！ 
Hurry up and load up! 	快，全部上车！ 
I'm going to show you a good time. 	我要让你享受一段美妙时光。 
Yeah, I think I got time to make the last pickup. 	是的，我想我有时间作最后的资料采集。 
No problem with my health since there's the nurse.	有护士在这里我的健康没问题。
Say, pretty classy layout you got here. Do you like it? 	嗯，你住的是上等舱啊。你也喜欢吗？ 
Sorry. No chicks. 	抱歉。不带妞来的。 
Recurrent pterygium treated by limbal epithelial autograft transplantation and conjunctival autograft transplantation.	结论治疗复发性翼状胬肉自体角膜缘移植较结膜移植疗效好。
Accor, a french hotel group, will add nearly 5000 rooms in 30 hotels by 2016.	到2016年，法国雅高酒店集团将在非洲建成30家酒店，总计约5000间客房。
Not today. I'm from the district attorney's office. 	今天不行。我是地检署的。 
What the - you okay?	怎么- 你还好吧？
And I know this might sound weird, 	我知道这听起来很不可思议， 
Oh shut up you wench!	闭嘴，小婊子！
Reach--reached his hand out for the book I offered him.	伸出手来接我给他的书。
Dyslexia is a learning disorder that primarily affects one's ability to learn to read and develop a strong understanding of language.	诵读困难症是一种学习障碍，主要影响一个人阅读和深入理解语言的能力。
I heard some things happened in Osaka while you were there.	我听说你在大阪时那里出的事。
I've never been up this high before. 	我以前从来没有站的这么高。 
Did I startle you?	吓到你了？
Hey, hon. Look who's here. 	喂，亲爱的。看看谁来了。 
And the impact will be bigger for some firms than others.	而且，某些公司受到的影响要比其他公司大。
You have to learn to make your own decisions. 	你得学会自己做出决定。 
Jas and I invented a snogging scale 	我和杰斯发明了接吻指标 
I need you to go and get healthy eggs.	我需要你去搞到健康的蚕卵。
Basic rule: anyone who says they have an agent on the ground is trying to impress you.	基本规则：说自己在现场有特工的人只是想给你留下深刻印象。
We have decided to get it over with. Let's hope so. - stay here in fondi, Signora.	我们已经决定结束它了。希望如此吧。- 留在丰迪吧，夫人。
Well, most of what I said was true. 	呃，我说的大部分是真的。 
I gotta go to work.	我得去上班了。这样…我回来再做。
Wait. I just want to say how honored I am that you chose me.	等等，我只是想说，我非常荣幸你选了我。
We were told massive radio support.	有很多电台广播了我们的事啊。
Easier said than done, though, huh?	可总是说起来容易做起来难，哈？
Your mission is completed.	任务已经完结。
Well, thank you for this. I really appreciate it.	好吧，谢谢你。我真的很感激。
You asked me to track down the rest of their old troop?	你叫我追查他们的旧队友？
One side coated with gold. 	一面用金包裹。 
Well, it's curious when a debate like this occurs,	我很好奇发生这种争论后，
Come on, what's cortisol, doc? 	拜托，什么叫皮质醇啊，医生？ 
Many people are psychologically adjusted to constantly feeling tired, and in the short-term, their bodies may be able to adjust too.	许多人对连续感到疲劳在心理上已经做了调适，而在短期内他们的身体也能做出调适。
Possibly. But why target only marine recruiters?	可能吧。但为什么凶手的袭击目标总是海军陆战队的招募官呢？
All right. Well, at least I'm in the right place, right? - yeah, 	好吧，好吧，至少我没走错地方？- 没错， 
Yeah, I'm sure you're right.	对，我知道你是对的。
But I gave you cheese.	可我把奶酪找来了。
At ieast now I have an excuse.	至少现在我有了个借口。
Well, you certainly don't seem happy here, 	你在家里过的似乎并不开心， 
Adequate... Sixth floor.	尚可在六楼。
So, what's in it for me? 	好了，需要我干什么？ 
crack her open.	把它敲开。
You haven't seen one? Spit it out! 	什么叫没路过你给我吐出来！ 
Let me check the serial number.	我来查一下序列号。
I will, um, talk to you later. 	唔，待会再见。 
From when did you pick up spanish?	你从什么时候起开史学西班牙语？
It's just bits and pieces.	全是零碎的片段。
Get my back 	带她们到后面去 
She's in her room, mourning the death of her career.	她正关房间里，为自己的事业默哀呢。
Gov. haley barbour told the associated press there was "utter obliteration" in parts of yazoo county.	州长黑利巴伯告诉美联社，有“在亚祖县部分完全闭塞”。
What your heart and soul will not allow you to forget.	你的心灵不允许你忘记。
Alcoa doesn't have a numbers problem, anton insists. "	安东坚称，美国铝业公司的数据不存在问题。
Do not keep me dangling; tell me if I pass the test.	别吊我的胃口了，告诉我考试及格没有。
Where are the bodies? Where did they go? Oh, fuck!	尸体哪去了？他们的尸体哪去了？哦，靠！
But how do you... 	但是你怎么... 
I asked you back then if anything had started 	我那时问你我们分开前 
You have you have to…	你必须… 你应该…
Hey, baby, I just want to wish you good luck. I want you to give them hell, 	嘿，亲爱的，祝你好运。给他们点颜色瞧瞧， 
That his money will not find us. 	他用钱很快就能找到我们。 
Double tap. That's center mass. This is not just a murder, it's a hit. 	神枪手。一枪毙命像打靶一样。 
I never meant to... She was my sister.	我不是有意要... 她是我妹妹。
John: tina we break up, I can now find my favorite person actually is ira.	约翰：提娜我们分手吧，我现在才发现我最爱的人其实是艾拉。
Bring the whole family along on the road trip, as this non-smoking room has two delightfully comfy queen beds that will ensure everyone gets a great night?s sleep. 	若您是与全家人一起旅行，那么这间无烟客房是您的最佳选择，室内设有2张舒适的大床，保证让每位客人都能有好睡眠。 
So it turns out that at the exact same moment	结果呢就在我被抓住偷窃政府资料
I don't want anything to happen to him. Like what? 	我不想看他出事。出什么事？ 
But it can't hide.	但绝对躲不了。
I think you know that, deep down. 	你内心深处应该有答案。 
Vanguard 6, this is alpha 1. 	先锋6号，我是阿尔法1号… 
Uh - yeah! Anything for the kids 	恩- 是的！一切为了孩子 
And we're done being underdogs, if you want to join a club, 	我们再也不要做底层了，你想参加社团的话， 
I'm sorry. I should have called before I came over.	不好意思。我来之前应该给你打个电话的。
We got a guy who's shot in the belly, who can't walk, bleeds like a stuck pig.	我们有个腹部中枪没法走路的人，血流得象头中了梭镖的猪。
No, no, I'm not. - yes, yes, yes, you are.	不,不我不是- 是的你是的。
You could have shaved there. 	在那儿你该已经刮过了的。 
What have you guys been doing? 	你们两个做了什么啊？ 
I love the Zamboni. 	我喜欢赞博尼。 
Subtly hint?	暗示过吗？
I'm the one playing in the open. 	参加公开赛的人是我。 
I don't ask why you blow your nose all the time 	我没有过问为什么你总喜欢擤鼻子 
Okay. Give us a minute.	好的。让我和他聊会儿。
I don't care if I'm not... 	我不在乎我到底是不是… 
On a rock climbing wall 	在攀岩墙壁上 
I need you to stop. 	你们不要在这样了。 
But, actually, at the time it didn't worry me. 	但在那时我并没在意。 
No jowls were visible, even the nasal avail fold wasn't as pronounced as hers.	无下颌是可见的，甚至利用鼻倍并不像她的发音。
Patients with no mental incapacity can refuse treatment.	没有精神缺陷的病人可以拒绝治疗。
I knew all along that I would be so unhappy, 	我明知这种生活不会给我快乐， 
I felt a lump. 	我能感觉到肿块。 
Not at all. I know you'll only do the right thing.	当然不是。我知道你只做正确的事的。
If we had the chance to do it all again 	如果我们有机会再来一次 
But you got to keep an open mind when we talk. 	不过，谈的时候，你得坦诚才行。 
She said that they were fooling around and he pulled out a gun.	她说她们在一起瞎玩他就拔出把枪来。
In cases where it proves difficult to place a child, the reception centre provides long-term care.	遇到难以安置的孩子，收容中心会提供长期的照顾。
Wood was holding up a large diagram of a quidditch field, on which were drawn many lines, arrows, and crosses in differentcolored inks.	伍德举起一块魁地奇球场的大型示意图，上面绘有各种颜色的线条、箭头和叉叉。
You know, I don't,  	你知道我不能，  
So, they conclude, they must build new cities on the high seas, known as seasteads.	最后他们得出的结论就是要在公海建立新的城市，称为海上城市。
But you want me to butt out. I get it. 	你嫌我碍事我。明白了。 
We're going to go to the bridge. 	我们要去那座桥。 
He sounded matter-of-fact and unemotional.	他语气平静，毫不动情。
He's vicious. Besides, it's against the rules. do as I say! 	他很凶猛，而且不合规矩。照我说话做！ 
But that is just a temporary inconvenience.	但这对海星来说只是暂时的不便。
We became the lie.	我们就是一个谎言。
Put your hand on the back there. 	把你的手放后面。 
You'd just pass it on to God and he'd kill her.	你只会告诉上帝上帝会把她带走
I'm too big for new York, okay? 	对于纽约来说我太大了，你知道么？ 
From climate change environmentalists to animal rights activists. 	从气候变化论者到动物保护激进分子。 
...an RAF facility with bleeding-edge electronics and communications systems.	配备了最先进的电子和通信系统的英国皇家空军设施
Nothing suggestive. 	别让人家有误解。 
I can't help you. I can't leave my family.	我帮不了你。我不能扔下我的家人。
Instead of sticking sensors onto the skin, philips has developed a vital-signs camera system which the dutch company says can measure heart and respiration rates extremely accurately.	与在皮肤上粘贴传感器不同，飞利浦开发了一款生命体征摄像系统，据称能够非常准确地测量心率和呼吸频率。
She became an actress what? An actress? Did she? 	她当了演员。什么？演员？真的？ 
I do not think that these classic novels would be made into films if they had nothing to do with life today.	我想这些经典小说如果与现代生活没有任何关系的话，是不会被改编成电影的。
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, no. 	是的。是的，是的，是的。是的。不，不。 
We love information like that and some wineries still give it, including the dates when the grapes were harvested and the wine bottled.	我们喜欢诸如此类的信息，而一些酒厂至今仍会标上这些细节，包括葡萄收获和葡萄酒装瓶的日期。
Mr. Mayor, are you OK ?- I'm a cop. You got to let me through. 	市长先生，你还好吗？- 我是警察。你们让我过去。 
children who had been tattooed to mark them for eventual extermination. 	孩子们被纹身标志做最后的处决。 
For a long time, scientists and curators have wondered how da vinci created shadows on her face with seemingly no brushstrokes or contours.	一直以来，科学家和管理人员都对达芬奇阴影的描绘方法十分好奇，因为她脸上几乎没有笔法和轮廓线的痕迹。
You call the mailman rusty?	你叫那个邮递员锈斗”？
For they persecute him whom you have stricken, and they recount the pain of those whom you have wounded.	因为他们逼迫你所击打的人，数说你所击伤之人的伤痛。
She became a member 	她开始从事 
Stop rubbing it in. 	你少跟祥林嫂似的。 
Not - not today. 	今天不是。 
He was fully restrained?  	他完全被控制住？ 
Temple of doom guy. I read his work on the Mayan calendar and end of the world. 	就像夺宝奇兵。我看过他那本写玛雅预言和世界末日的书。 
But, sir, vet isn't the same as Smith.	可是，先生，兽医和铁匠不一样。
She danced, light as a feather, eyes shining.	她舞步轻快，两眼亮闪闪的。
In exchange for your discretion, of course,	当然你得放我走，
Before you drive me...	免得把我...
I put it back in the dead letter box. And then?	我抄完以后就把它放回那个信箱了。然后呢？
Love of your life and all - around good time girl.	你一生的挚爱给你欢乐时光的女人。
She is both cute and well-behaved.	她又可爱又乖。
Let's not go crazy OK? I kinda need this job. 	别发疯好吗？我需要这份工作的。 
Hey. Off the fairgrounds. Cut these kids some slack, man. 	嘿。从赛场出去。伙计，让这些孩子们清静一下。 
After we were done with it, and guess what. 	是在我们处理好之后猜发生什么了。 
I'd say about 2,000 degrees.	我看大概2000度吧。
You're under arrest. You have the right to remain silent.	你被捕了。你有权保持沉默
Make it the afternoon 'cause you've earned it.	明天下午吧这是你应得的。
A small amount of debris may have been captured as the spacecraft bounced off the asteroid in the first of two touchdowns, so the jaxa team is now attempting to steer it back to earth.	太空飞船第一次在小行星上两次触地回弹时，已经获取了少量的碎片，所以日本宇宙航空研究开发机构的研究小组现在正尝试让飞船返回地球。
That the best you can do? You're scaring the customers. 	你在做什么？你吓到别人了。 
I'm at the bottom of the pot  	我在舀锅里最后的几勺 
You understand it's good only as long as what you tell me is true?	你知道只有你的供词全部属实豁免协议才能生效吧？
A camera images a plate with bacterial colonies and automated pins pick out "good clean colonies" and transfer them on to a new plate.	相机拍下了一张板上的细菌菌落，并由一自动的针将好的干净的菌落捡起来，转移到一新板上。
I need to know why you told me not to protect the boy.	告诉我为什么不该保护这个孩子。
For a psychiatrist,	作为一个心理学家，
Who soiled your car.	弄脏了你的车子。
But beneath the senior echelons of the banks are staffers who wish to expand their loan books and circumvent restrictions on loan growth.	然而，在高级管理层之下，普通的银行职员则希望扩大放贷规模，绕开对贷款增长的限制。
I didn't realize what you were doing was so important.	我不知道你有这么重要的事。
Yeah, he had a date. He did?	是啊，他有约嘛。真的吗？
A study on the rhythmic changes of phototactic behaviour and compound eye structure of adult corn borer.	亚洲玉米螟蛾趋光行为及复眼结构节律性研究。
The Oracle isn't where the power is anyway. The power's always been with the priests.	神谕就是所有的力量。神力总是来源与牧师。
We've got a suite life	我们有着顶级的生活
To delete phonetic guides, select the text to which a guide has been applied, click phonetic guide again, and delete the text in the ruby text box.	若要删除拼音指南，请选定已经应用指南的文字，单击“拼音指南”，然后删除“拼音文字”框中的文字。
Yep, he knows me but you can be my secret weapon. 	他见过我所以我不能去不过你可以帮我。
What are the chances? I don't know.	几率有多大？不知道。
Why, because he's crazy? Or he believes in God like you? 	为什么？因为他疯了？还是因为他像你一样信神？ 
As soon as she scattered the gold about, people stampeded to get it.	当她撒了黄金,人们冲动去失到它。
Except I... don't have a store. 	只不过我...没有自己的店。 
Order! Please. Please. 	秩序！安静。安静。 
Oh, me? don't worry. 	哦，你说我？别担心。 
You disappear when that happens.	当他们成为主人格时你的意识就不存在了。
Those are on backwards.	穿反了都不知道。
Great. All right. Get you a set of keys. 	太好了。太好了。我给你套钥匙。 
What is your bloodthirsty scribbling about to disclose now?	关于揭开残忍真相的文章是什么？
The luminous dial on the clock showed five minutes to seven.	那只钟的夜光钟面显示时间为6点55分。
Well then I'm not gonna go to the game either. 	好吧那我也不去看球赛了。 
Live and let die 	我活你就死 
They tramped through the falling snow.	他们在纷飞的大雪里艰难前行。
How do you know all this?	你为什么知道？
I'd rather be roommates with a two - headed monkey. 	我宁可作双头猴子的室友。 
But I'm not... I didn't throw up this time, so I think it will be good. 	但我不会... 这次不会吐了这次会没事的。 
Yeah, we went to the emergency room last night, and the doctor said that the scorpion stings like a wasp. 	昨晚我们去看急诊，医生说蝎子刺就像黄蜂的一样。 
She's high. 	她很兴奋。 
6. Affirms that globalization is a complex process of structural transformation, with numerous interdisciplinary aspects, which has an impact on the enjoyment of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development;	6. 申明全球化是一个结构改造的复杂进程，具有许多跨学科方面，影响到公民、政治、经济、社会和文化权利的享受，包括发展权利的享受；
We're only two arrests away from the legion of honor. 	我们离荣誉堂只有两步之遥了。 
The reason is coffeehouse chains didn't exist back then. 	原因是那时根本没有咖啡连锁店。 
Authorities in southwestern china detained wal-mart stores inc. employees in a probe of alleged fraud, highlighting legal--and political--obstacles the retailer faces as it struggles to make money in the world's most populous country.	在重庆市有关部门针对沃尔玛连锁公司（wal-mart stores inc.）是否存在欺诈行为的调查中，该公司数名员工被拘留，凸显出这家零售商努力在世界人口第一大国赚钱之际所面临的法律及政治障碍。
My cattle are too wild for the Texans. 	我要的牛太野了德克萨斯没有。 
So you're Mouna rudo 	原来你就是莫那鲁道 
As if somebody saw it while it was alive. 	好像有人见过它们活着时候的样子。 
OK. This is her day back after a serious injury.	听着。今天是她重伤之后首次训练。
You want to blow them all up? 	你想把它们都炸掉？ 
A few being... Two?	一些是指......就你们两位？
Well, I guess what he's saying is basically true. 	嗯，我想他说的基本上是真的。 
That's true. I hope not too much. 	是真的。我希望不是太多。 
The same as you would do whatever to help me with mine. 	就像你会拼命帮我解决问题一样。 
Hi. - are you OK? 	嗨。- 你没事儿吧？  
Hey, man, I got your text. What's going on? 	嗨，伙计，我收到短信了。怎么样？ 
As the chinese government has clamped down on the property market and sought to rein in bank lending this year, shanghai stocks have fallen sharply.	随着中国政府遏制房地产市场，并寻求抑制银行今年放贷额，上海股市近期大幅下跌。
Dr. emani and his colleagues devised a complex strategy to open obstructed valves and repair other malformations to direct blood flow to the left ventricle instead of away from it.	艾玛尼博士和同事们设计出一套复杂的治疗方案，打开阻塞的心瓣膜，修复其他畸形部位，引导血液流向左心室而非绕道而行。
Why not kill the patient during surgery? 	为什么不直接让病人死在手术台上？ 
That's no reason for sulking like that.	你不能那样无缘无故的生气。
Financing expanded by an amount equal to 42% of gdp in both 2009 and 2010.	2009年和2010年两年，新增融资规模均相当于当年gdp的42%。
Kids, your babysitter's here. Come say hello. 	孩子们你们的保姆来了。来打个招呼。 
Oh. Shawn. They're everywhere. 	噢。肖恩。他们无处不在。 
The law says so. We have laws in France.	法律规定。法国是个法治国度。
Here. Oh, look at that. He likes you.	给你。哦，看看。它有多么喜欢你。
I don't want to hit you. Do it now. 	我不想打你。动手啊。 
...a nationally recognized expert on psychology.	全国公认的心理学专家
The broadness of the definition is particularly worrisome because private companies are given a right to take action under the bill.	特别让人忧虑的是界定的宽泛，因为私企有权在议案之外行动。
No, it wasn't. It was queer.	不是，是太娘了。
Mr lowy and mr lee previously led deutsche bank's asian distressed products group and cut their teeth at cargill, trading distressed and illiquid investments in the aftermath of the 1997 asian financial crisis.	洛伊和lee此前是德银亚洲问题债务团队的负责人，并曾在嘉吉（cargill）工作，自1997年亚洲金融危机后，一直从事问题及非流动资产的交易。
You were born to be the chosen one.	你生来就是被上天选中的。
Unh - unh! The guy in the Peruvian restaurant? 	也不是吧！难道是秘鲁餐馆那个？ 
He didn't have a rich aunt. So, did you get anything off the books? 	但是他没有那么你从书上找到什么了么？ 
Because we're going to set things right. How?	因为我们要让一切重回正轨。怎么做？
Sometimes she can be so selfish.	她有时候还真是自私。
Yeah, okay. I love fucking you so much.	好的。我太喜欢上你了。
Put these in the truck. I'll be right back. 	把这个放上卡车。我马上回来。 
We'll take what we want? 	我们会取我所需？ 
I think she's more of a "gentle" stalker than a "kill you with a knife" stalker.	我觉得她更像是在“轻度”偷窥而不是那种“用刀子砍你”的那种。
I was. Just I... 	我喜欢。我只是... 
He does not love you. 	他不爱你的。 
Fine, what do I care!	算了，我毫不在乎！
Got us in some shit.	把我们扯进大麻事件里了。
I know how important this place is to your vice president. He not only received his degree here but, more importantly, he met his gracious wife here.	我也知道清华这所大学对于副主席先生有着十分重要的意义，他不仅在这里获得了学位，而且是在这里与他优雅的夫人相识的。
Yah? Where is 4311? Well, it's...	是吗？它在哪里？呃，在...
I just don't want someone that I care about to end up in it.	我只是不想我关心的人因此受牵连
You may also want to sign up for this site's stress management newsletter to get ongoing resources on stress relief, or use this quick self assessment tool to find stress relievers that would work best for your personality and lifestyle.	你也许想注册这个压力管理简报网址，以便获得更多的压力释放资源，或者使用自我评估工具，根据你的性格和生活方式来寻求更好的压力释放方式，让你工作的更好。
He is very generous, but never toss his money around.	他为人慷慨，可从不乱花钱。
She's divorced and living alone. 	她离过婚，目前单身。 
It's my business, our business,	一直是我是咱们，
I was excited and I heard there was an amazing assignment. 	我太兴奋了，我听说有这么棒的任务。 
Calm down. If I let you go, you promise not to scream no more? 	安静！只要你发誓不乱叫，我就放你？ 
Alternative medicine - different ways for the body to heal itself. 	另类医学  - 让身体自我康复的各种方法。 
If you are not up for this well, I didn't say that. 	如果你不想干，我没说过。 
Paulson was talking about the financial-regulation bill that the senate passed today.	保尔森说的是美国参议院今天刚刚通过的金融监管改革法案。
I think we've got something in your size.	我想我们有符合你的尺寸的。
We encourage family members to be a co-trustee because they can interject family dynamics and information about the people that we don't have.	我们鼓励家族成员成为共同托管人，原因是他们会带来一些我们所没有的家庭动力和有关家庭成员的信息。
The first is that the supply of funds to riskier, long-term activities would be greatly reduced if we did adopt narrow banking.	第一种：如果我们真的采纳狭义银行体系，高风险、长期活动所能获得的资金供给将大幅减少。
How can she not know? 	她怎么可能不知道？ 
I never have, sorry. 	我永远都不会那么做，抱歉。 
She'd have wanted me to say,	她会希望我说，
There was this new machine... 	有此新机器... 
And I got myself a real cold glass of water. 	我给自己倒了杯凉水。 
Pommies is stupid. 	排舞蠢透了。 
So why did we rank so poorly, bested by countries including poland, latvia and slovakia?	为什么我们表现如此之差，还被波兰、拉托维亚，斯洛伐克甩在了后面？
I'll lean on 'em.	我去让他们效率一点。
Okay, if you're gonna be that way.	好吧，如果你那样做。
She stares at me, suddenly alert, as if all the birthing drugs have been lifted off her like a blanket, leaving her cold and awake and aggressive.	她瞪着我，突然变得警觉起来，仿佛所有助产的药物都被抽离了，就像蔽体的毯子被突然掀开，让她觉得寒冷而清醒，并且咄咄逼人。
These rooms also feature free high-speed Internet and a full complimentary breakfast that includes hot waffles, a selection of pastries and breads, hot and dry cereal options, yogurt, fresh fruit and juices, and 100 percent Arabica coffee. 	这些房间提供免费高速上网服务和丰盛免费早餐，包括：华夫饼、精选的糕点和面包、热的和干的谷类食品、酸奶、新鲜水果和果汁、以及100%阿拉比卡咖啡。 
Good, good. Now when the contraction comes again, 	很好，好了。再一次收缩的时候， 
All right. Hey, watch her.	好的。喂，看着她。
No, you won't, and I will no longer take responsibility for you.	你不用了，我也不会对你负责了。
Whatever I said to you, I didn't mean.	不管我说了什么，那不是我本意。
She's got an endless loop in her head saying it's her fault.	她不停的对自己说这是她的错。
A pair exactly like mine what do you know?	一双跟我一模一样的鞋子？
U want to take point on a surgery? Take point. 	你想要参加什么手术？就直接去。 
But the bastards never sent it. Just another print as a reminder.	但那些混蛋从没寄来底片只寄另一张照片当作勒索物。
Lieutenant Flynn, why don't you stop by	富林副队长你为什么不去
Headed by the tau zero foundation, a non-profit group of scientists dedicated to interstellar spaceflight, icarus is working to develop a spacecraft that can travel to a nearby star, study any planets around it and, possibly, find any potential life.	伊卡洛斯计划由tau zero基金会这一专攻星际航天的非营利科学家组织带头，正致力于开发一种可以航行到附近恒星、研究其周围的行星并尝试寻找潜在的生命的航天器。
Shares ended the day 23 cents higher.	当日股票收盘价上涨了23美分。
I wore the blacks and grays. 	我只穿黑色和灰色的衣服。 
That figure compares the hourly wage of full-time workers with similar qualifications and experience.	这一数据比较的是资历相似的全职工人的时薪。
Hey. How would you like to be the publicist	到一间让苏豪之家都显得
You're in no position to resist, 	你没权利拒绝， 
I have my ears on and am en route. Copy.	我收到了，准备出发，回复。
I can insist black if I'm right. 	我要是对的话我当然坚持黑色。 
What's a pilot light? 	什么常燃火？ 
From the wholesale slaughter of our children's innocence! 	他大规模的残害我们的无知儿童！ 
Your magic is finite. You will run out if you aren't careful how much you use it.	如果不多加注意。你的魔法会用光。
Is there a problem, Uther? No, not at all. 	有问题吗，乌瑟？没什么问题，都没有。 
It feels as though we just open our eyes and see what's there, 	我们似乎直接张开眼睛就看， 
If you're hell - bent on self-destruction, 	你要是一心想自我毁灭， 
Grabbed me a couple of days ago right after I go off work.	几天前下班的时候被抢了。
No. What? No. Uh, cops. 	什么啊，不是的，呃，警察。 
I'm sorry, Dr. Schultz. 	很抱歉，舒尔茨医生。 
To hold a thought for an extended period of time... 	允许我们在一段时间内保有这想法… 
The judge doesn't think the bruises are enough probable cause to issue a warrant.	法官认为这些伤痕不足签发许可证。
People of earth, since you did not return the space cash, 	地球人因为你们，没有归还太空钞， 
Good. - what's up? 	不错。怎么啦？ 
Most people don't know that ballroom dancing is hard on your body. 	很多人不知道为什么跳舞会伤害到身体。 
He drove that tram 	他开电车很长时间了 
Wanna play, mom? 	你想玩吗妈妈？ 
A pantomime villain. 	像童话老巫婆。 
I love you, vacuum - cleaner dummy. 	我爱你，吸尘器人偶。 
I put everything back. - not the lubricant. 	我把所有的东西都放回去了。-没有放润滑剂。 
When men go berserk and kill their families, perhaps they are terminators.	当男人们发疯并杀死他们的家人，也许他们是终结者。
But then he eliminated my internship, which was way not okay. 	但实习期没完他就炒了我这可大大地不行。 
Miss perkins is a pretty gutsy lady.	小姐是位有勇气的女士。
Kolmy? I don't know him.	克米？我不认识他。
And tell them where to pick it up. 	告诉他们去哪找回它。 
Samantha Evans? 	是萨曼莎·伊万斯吗？ 
How much longer do we have to stay? I have midterms tomorrow.	我们还要待多久？我明天有个期中考试。
When I send her off...	当我把她送走时...
Sorry. The other hot chick.	对不起。另一个辣妹。
We can get someone else to do it. 	我们可以找别人做这些的。 
Which one of these girls looks the dumbest? 	哪个妞看上去最蠢？ 
Miller. Garcia.	米勒，加西亚。
But four sharks are circling; two are cheerleaders.	可是有四个大鲨鱼正在四周盘旋；有两个是啦啦队长。
Good hunch. Get me his clothes. 	好想法。把他的衣服拿过来。 
Well, yeah. You do things like that for people you care about.	唔，是啊。你会为你在乎的人做这些事情。
We played together a lot.	我们一起玩过很多次。
Just what guys do sometimes.	偶而男人会这样做的。
It was lost many years ago during the great purge.	在大整肃期间失踪了。
I'm glad you invited her, though.	不管怎么的我很高兴你邀请她来。
I'm sorry? The ghosts. 	你说什么？幽灵呗。 
She said, "you tackled me and I'm a girlment MP I said there wasn't any rule 	她说，“你扭到我的我是女生诶 
This invention has revolutionized the way we communicate.	这项发明大大改变了我们的通讯方式。
But in the long term, is it wise for 18-to 34-year-olds to avoid stocks, load up on bonds, and keep more cash in their bank accounts?	但从长期来看，18至34岁的年青人购买债券，保留更多现金存款，但却回避股市的行为明智吗？
President barack obama had to push hard to keep his beloved blackberry upon assuming highest office due to security concerns and the fact that presidential emails are considered public records subject to disclosure.	基於安全因素，以及总统的电子邮件被视为公共记录必须公开，担任最高职务后的欧巴马，不得不努力克服万难，保住心爱的黑莓机。
The casualties, thus far, include the leaders of italy and greece; dexia, the french-belgian bank, and most recently mf global, the american brokerage.	迄今为止，这场危机中倒下的牺牲品已经囊括了意大利总理、希腊总统、法比银行Dexia和最近的美国证券经纪公司明富环球金融（MF Global）。
Do some serious work. You're not fucking about? 	你还说你没搞砸？ 
Non-violence I read in the hindu scriptures, in the bible, in the koran.	我在印度教的经文、圣经还有可兰经中学到了非暴力。
Look at that shit. Headed right for us, huh?	看看那该死的大火向咱这儿袭来了对吧?
We can hoot and holler after that.	然后我们就可以狂欢了。
I didn't know at first	我开始不知道
I mean, they're baking cakes, for God sake. 	我是说，不就是烤蛋糕的真人秀嘛。 
Tell him - tell him they're on their way. 	告诉他东西就到。 
Do you remember dad's last moments? 	你记得父亲最后的时刻吗？ 
I swear the priest hid something from me. It has been bugging me all day.	我发誓牧师有事瞒着我。这件事困扰了我一整天。
The room is actually paid up through tomorrow. 	房间费用一直支付到明天。 
And for the first time I was trying to play it down. 	我也第一次想低调一点。 
I knew I wouldn't have time to swing by the store.	我根本就没有时间逛商店
If athar's story is deeply ironic, it also speaks volumes about the lives of ordinary and decent pakistanis today.	如果说阿特的故事充满讽刺的意味，那么它也充分反映出今日巴基斯坦生活的正常与得体。
We could have gotten married at the church, you know?	你知道吗，我们可以在教堂结婚？
Flag his passport if he has one, 	禁用他的护照如果他有的话， 
Still looks new.	看上去还很新。
He takes care of a - a sick wife. He teaches ten hours a day. 	他照顾着生病的妻子，每天还上课10个小时。 
But could you do me a favor? 	但帮个忙行不？ 
For it increased the probability of truths being spilled. 	为了减少说出秘密的可能。 
Thursday, you serve lunch. 	星期二，你准备午餐。 
I'm working, everything's great. 	我在工作了哈，一切进展顺利。 
From the government's corruption to the cricket team's defeat...... 	从政府的堕落到正义的队伍被打败...... 
This is brody mcconnell?	这就是波洛第麦考内尔？
Big blue sold its personal-computer business to a chinese multinational, lenovo, which is now starting to get its act together.	蓝色巨人将其个人电脑业务卖给中国一家跨国公司联想集团，而联想集团正准备卷土重来。
Mr swan says a$ 150 billion in taxes has been written off since the financial crisis.	斯旺说，自从经济危机以来共免除税收1500亿澳元。
The idea of sports to a kid...	关于儿童体育品的创意...
You can't even tell. I can tell.	你甚至不能告诉。我可以告诉。
Fertilising nutrients of phosphorous and nitrogen	催生了富有营养的磷和氮，
I'm here a day, I already have road rage. 	我在这待了一天就已经有公路暴怒症了。 
I need to get into the decompression chamber. 	我要进入减压舱。 
He cann't be helped by your discipline, this must be dealt with by his own kind. 	你们的纪律帮不了他只能由他自己的族人帮他处理。 
Okay. That's a little spooky. 	好吧。这有点吓人。 
Fiers promised to testify fully and truthfully.	菲耶尔承诺所作证词将毫无保留且句句属实。
Are you OK, miss? 	你还好吧，小姐？ 
You've done it a million times. 	你以经做过无数次。 
My goodness, look at the time. 	天啊，看看几点了？ 
Ask questions. But there's n it's just blank. 	有问题。这上面一片空白。 
Calm down. I won't calm down.	冷静。我做不到。
And left the intelligent to become an endangered species.	而有智慧的人则成了濒危物种。
I can't just will that kind of money into existence. 	我可凭空变不出20万啊。 
It's normal that a famous sports player's cars add up to five.	一个著名的运动员合计有5部车子是不出奇的。
I don't have a cool voice like you. Come up with a character. 	我能怎么办？我没有象你这么酷的声音。你得找个自己的角色。 
In any case, a new treaty is required before croatia joins, since its votes and parliamentary seats were not fixed under the 2000 nice treaty.	在克罗地亚加入前，无论如何都需要一部新的协议，因为克国的票数与议会席位不在2000年尼斯条约之列。
Because of your carelessness, 	因为你的疏忽， 
The concern is that odyssey represents the thin end of a large literary wedge.	有人担心：奥德赛公司可能会成为文学出版业的一点“星星之火”。
People will laugh at me if I pull this out. Is that his escape module?	我把这个拿出来会被人笑的。那是他的逃生舱吗？
My friend asked me to, until he finds a new teacher.	我朋友拜托我去的，等他找到新的老师我就不做了。
Yeah, they would have to be twisted, wouldn't they? 	嗯，肯定非常古怪，对吧？ 
What if we put an ex-oil guy on the task force? 	我们能不能把一个曾经是石油业的人放进绿色小组？ 
And I'm watching, and then... 	我只能看着，然后… 
I saw that something restraining, one of those humans secrets that baffle probability, had come into play there.	从这里我看出，有某种抑制作用的东西，一种阻止事态出现的人性的秘密在发生作用。
Secrets and lies were critical to survival,	秘密和谎言对生存至关重要，
He was at the Palermo casino, playing with four kings chips.	他跑去巴勒莫赌场拿四国王的筹下注。
You need to get both sides like that. 	你要象这样。 
Yeah, and an Innocent little girl.	是呀，还有一个无辜的小姑娘。
I'm beginning to think there aren't any accidents.	我开始懧为根本没什么是意外。
But anyway... Feds got nothing.	总之... 联邦调查局一无所获。
I want to close that case and sign it out.	我想把这个案子结了发出去。
And sacred caves whose walls are lined with images of strange, half - human beings.	绘制着奇特半人半兽壁画的，神圣洞穴。
Is to accept Matthew Crawley as his heir.	就只能让马修当继承人。
And I don't think anyone has interest of being served by idle speculation about paternity 	我不觉得有人会对父系的血缘做无聊的猜测 
The three of you must be careful in your region 	三位在自己的地方可得小心 
Some graves date back to the 1830s, or, as the tomb inscriptions have it, the reign of the daoguang emperor, sixth of china's qing dynasty.	坟场里的一些坟墓可以追溯到19世纪30年代，换句话说，根据碑文是立于中国清朝第六位皇帝道光年间。
Bangkok police vichai 17 senior officials and the "red shirts" to mention da leaders met to urge the group of peaceful assembly.	曼谷警方高层官员威猜17日与“红衫军”领导人提妲会面，敦促该群体和平集会。
Hunter s thompson presented an unpalatable version of puerto rico on his semi-autobiographical novel the rum diary-but, like chris, still found much to enjoy in the dingy yet welcoming watering holes of old san juan	亨特斯托克顿汤普森在他半自传体小说《朗姆酒日记》中呈现了波多黎各令人不悦的一面，但是仍要像克里斯那样，在昏暗中寻找更多乐趣，就像是来到老圣胡安市的酒吧。
Don "t wait for me	你不用等我回来了
Was to reveal the heir at the dawn of the new miiiennium. 	是在千禧年来临时，找到这个后裔。 
It's not worth talking about 	也不值得和你谈论 
It was very nice seeing you again. Oh, it was good seeing you. 	很高兴再次见到你。哦，很高兴见到你。 
She was a fancier, too?	她也是个爱好者？
Got gander at junk in the trunk.	在一箱垃圾中的惊鸿一瞥。
Hmm. See, I think he'll be inclined to enforce the law, 	嗯，我倒觉得他会倾向于执法， 
Ok, next, let me tell you, in the coming two days in xianyang area, how the the weather will be.	那么接下来让我告诉你咸阳明后两天的天气情况吧！
We leave in new york city, and the apartments across the street throw out a lot of light from their windows.	我们离开了纽约市，街对面的公寓从窗户里发出很多光。
So we wouldn't have to fly to China to get our baby. 	所以我们不必亲自飞到中国去把孩子接过来。 
When I first started working here, I thought that I could do your job,	我刚开始来这儿工作的时候，我觉得我能做你的工作，
Not something you see a lot of in Latin America.	不是你所知道的那种拉丁美洲的。
You're a cheerful person? 	你心胸广阔？ 
People also often backlash against once popular names these names too, must know what it's like to be britney.	人们也不喜欢曾一度非常流行的名字，那些叫britney（布兰妮）的人是深有体会。
Every year ,15,000 fires are caused by accidental dryer lint ignition.	每年，有15，000起火灾是由甩干机线头意外着火引起的。
Designers and design historians told me over the years that they had heard about the existence of a nazi graphics standards manual.	这么多年来，许多设计家和设计史学家们都告诉我，他们听说过一本纳粹视觉设计标准手册存世的消息。
Because last time you stiffed me. 	因为上次你搞错了。 
Under no circumstances open a door or a window.	任何情况都不要打开门窗。
When anyone among the people breaks the law, he too should be punished, imprisoned or even sentenced to death; but this is a matter of a few individual cases, and it differs in principle from the dictatorship exercised over the reactionaries as a class.	人民犯了法，也要受处罚，也要坐班房，也有死刑，但这是若干个别的情形，和对于反动阶级当作一个阶级的专政来说，有原则的区别。
I bet you thought I was gonna say "Hotcakes," didn't you?	你以为我要说抢手货是吧？
Bardi, keep up. The Chai wallah knows more than you.	巴蒂，加油啊。茶水工知道的都比你多。
It's a scholarship, mama. 	是奖学金。 
They were supposed to call me. 	他们不是应该打电话通知我怎么做么。 
The final level of air - bending technique...	究极的风系武术...
Do you want me to have meant them? 	你希望我是真心的吗？ 
You need to sober up. You take me. 	你需要冷静。带上我。 
Uh, where did you find this?. You `ll have to ask Sam. 	你在哪找到它的？。这你要问山姆。 
Not to the memory of your brother.	不会对你已故的哥哥做这种事。
God, I should know that. 	天啊，我应该知道的。 
All right. Let's go play some basketball.	好的。让我们去打篮球吧。
Go to the bedroom. Yes, madam. 	带孩子去卧室。是的，夫人。 
Can you imagine the insults if he saw me with a chipped tooth?	他要是知道这事不定又怎么奚落我呢？
Why would he want that? - haven't figured that out yet. 	他为什么要这东西？- 现在还不知道。 
The danger was becoming greater.	就多一分危险。
Not all vampires can take care of themselves.	不是所有的吸血鬼都可以照顾好自己。
One of themIsn't in the manifest. 	其中一个不在乘客名单上。 
If you give him the order, 	如果是你给他下命令， 
Mayor, congratulations. 	市长，恭喜你。 
To succeed in this environment, executives will need to understand where the growth prospects lie, both at the category level and in different geographic regions.	若想在这样的环境里获得成功，无论是从消费品门类还是从消费地域角度来看，经理人需要理解增长的前景在哪里。
She said she's always available. 	她说她一直有空的。 
I - I don't know much yet, but the one thing I do know is that the cement you're encased in 	我了解得还不多，但我知道的一点是 
We can call them aliens, exotics or biological pollution, but the fact is that introduced species are our new residents.	我们可以称他们为外星人、外来物种或者是生物污染，但事实是，它们已然成为了我们的新邻居。
No, it's a high volatility virtually zero risk situation.	没有，只有很高的波动性，但却是一种几乎零风险的情况。
Dawson and downey will have their day in court, but with another lawyer.	他们会有满意的结果，不过要靠别的律师。
Planes that have already logged 35000 flights or more have to be inspected immediately.	那些已经飞行了三万五千次航班或更多的必需立即接受检查。
Are you eating something? 	你在吃东西？ 
This hardly bodes well for mr zuma's vaunted crusade.	这事件也很好地预示着布祖玛夸夸其谈的“所谓的运动”。
But those aren't the only sounds they make.	但是那些不止是它们发出的声音。
Oh, my God, I cannot believe this, thank God you're here,	我不敢相信，幸好你来了，
3 mile(s) from Diamond Bar 	距钻石吧市 3 英里 
And its funds for far too long.	以及它的基金时间太久了。
This non-smoking mobility accessible room offers one king bed, roll in shower, 40-inch LCD TV, free wireless, refrigerator, iron/board, hairdryer, and a full complimentary breakfast including: eggs, bacon or sausage, waffles, donuts, Danish, sliced bread, bagels, English muffins, cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, fresh fruit, milk, coffee/tea and juice. 	无烟无障碍客房提供一张特大床、无障碍淋浴、40英寸液晶电视、免费无线、电冰箱、熨斗/熨衣板，吹风机以及免费赠送丰盛早餐，包括：鸡蛋、培根或香肠、华夫饼、甜甜圈、丹麦甜糕点、面包片、百吉饼、英式松饼、谷类食品、燕麦片、酸奶、新鲜水果、牛奶、咖啡/茶和果汁。 
In flying in the cataract, we're about 100 feet below	我们在水平面下，约100英尺处
He would not understand amanda, the girl who carries a kitchen knife to make small cuts in her wrists when she is stressed.	他不会明白阿曼达，那个在压抑时拿餐刀在手腕上割小伤口的女孩。
Because bees die due to cell phones.	因为手机会杀死蜜蜂的。
Hey, I'm borrowing all your Tupperware. 	嘿，我来借走你所有的塑料盒。 
It was thoughtless of her to mention it.	她提起这事有些欠考虑。
Because I'm different. 	因为我不同了。 
Once you have children, you're tied down forever your life is over.	一旦你们有孩子了，你们就永远完了你的生活就完蛋了。
Yeah, all right. I'll see you later. 	是，好的。随后见。 
Science of library, information and archelloval.	藏书楼、情报与档案学。
Hey man it is an honor to meet you.	伙计，见到你太荣幸了。
How to settle this?	怎么解决呢？
Nice work! You caught the big one! 	你做的很棒！钓到一条大鱼！ 
So far, there has been no sign of such a spillover effect this time around.	到目前为止，还没有此类溢出效应的迹象。
Get them in. 	把他们弄进去。 
No, he's not. Would you like to call back for his voice mail?	不，他不在。你重打他的语音信箱留言好吗？
I just, uh... I realized, um...	我只是... 只是觉得，嗯...
I can see all of their faces, but somehow it is not enough. 	我能看见他们所有的面庞，但不知怎么还觉得不够。 
Luckily for those of us who already believed in such a thing as a unique gay male culture-indeed, for those of us who live in it-halperin plunged ahead, delivering a study that, though uneven as a piece of writing, is a deeply insightful intellectual exercise.	幸运的是对于我们这些相信有些行为属于“同志”文化的人来说我们的确生活在这种文化当中哈伯林埋头做出的研究，虽称作为一部文学作品不总是让人称赞，但却能给我们提供一个理性思考的机会。
While this version sounds different, it is mathematically the same as the one stated with pigeons and pigeonholes.	这一版本听起来（与前一版本）不同，但从数学意义上来说，是一致的。
How do you feel? Okay, I think. 	你觉得怎么样？非常好。 
Even in hip waders we were overdressed for the ankle deep creek, but we stepped in, waded out to the middle and faced upstream.	我们穿着长及臀部的水靴，对于齐踝深的小溪来说似乎有点虚张声势，于是我们走到水里，淌进了小溪中央。
Laundering's a dirty business.	洗钱是个肮脏的行业。
You will have the honor 	我给你这个荣幸 
This is really, really bad.	咱真的，真的闯祸了。
Lucky I give you a roof and a pillow, you worthless squib. 	我能养你给你个枕头睡你已经很幸运了，你这个没用的废物。 
Your friendship of our weakness.	对我们弱小友谊的质疑。
He missed out at the third round.	他在第三局中打输了。
The absent-minded student consents to the sentence in thepresence of me.	心不在焉的学生在我面前同意这份判决。
Unlicensed does not mean free.	无须授权不意味着免费。
But I also believe that people like you are extraordinarily rare.  	但我同样相信像你这样的人极其罕有。 
Whalers, follow me. Mr Hog, down below. Quickly now. 	捕鲸船员，跟我来。快点跟上来。 
You know, I would have just sent you the ring.	我真该把戒指寄给你。
Your problem is you're too adaptable. You're the adaptable enigma.	你的症结在于适应力太强。像谜一样让人费解。
Hey, if you don't want to go back to work, that's okay. 	嘿，如果你不想回去上班，没关系的。 
He is prominent in finance, steel, coal. 	在金融钢铁煤炭上，尤为突出。 
Let's talk about it after arriving. Where do you get these things from? Without names. 	我们到了再说吧。这些东西从哪弄来的？名字都没有。 
Could you humor me, inspector?	你能迁就我一下吗，调查员？
There. I helped.	我帮了你忙。
I got him, go.'B'!	我抓住他了，走啊。大黄蜂！
acrylic with Wilsonart 6277 Alumasteel laminate ( horizontal grain ) applied to face / edges painted MAP #41342 Brushed Aluminum Top Faceplate: 	亚克力材料，表面贴Wilsonart 6277 Alumsteel层压板（横纹），边缘涂MAP #41342拉丝铝  顶面板： 
buddy. Glad you showed up.	哥们很高兴你来了。
He has since sold a large block of his shares on the secondary market.	不过此后，他在二级市场上卖掉了很大一部分的股份。
Is made up have to find a girl that make my breath stop 	我要找个让我呼吸停止的女孩儿 
I said can't.	我说了不能。
That little incident in Iran showed me something.	伊朗发生的那个小事故让我知道。
So I gave her my best Quincy, 	我给了她法医能给的最大便利， 
Did you see anything last night? 	昨晚发现什么异常了吗？ 
Officials at MI6 are fully cooperating. 	军情六局官员正全力配合调查。 
Your folks will be fine, Deb. 	你家人没事啦，黛比。 
Get to the Plano! 	快去弹钢琴！ 
I behave myself and she doesn't leave me, 	我守规矩她就不离开我， 
I need my haloperidol.	我需要我的镇定药。
That was a statement. hit it! 	干得漂亮。快走吧！ 
Your secret's out. Maybe you will have to kill me, now, right? 	你泄露了秘密。也许你会杀了我，对不对？ 
You brought in rayfield's girlfriend.	你带来了雷菲尔德的女朋友。
The travelling troupe of the night. 	夜游剧团啊。 
A little old - fashioned. Left. 	有点不合时宜。去左边。 
No,  I just... I wanted to say I forgot your cell phone,	不，我只是... 我想说我忘了拿你的手机，
Our reaction to the crisis is as follows.	我们对此危机的对策是。
Uh - huh. Would you like some? 	嗯。想来点吗？ 
On first day, seer rhee would stamp a star on each of our collars. 	元旦那一天李监工会在我们每人的项圈上印一颗星星。 
So they dug them up to see why. 	所以他们挖起来一看究竟。 
And the number one rule for a successful dinner party?	一场成功的晚宴的首要规则？
Synthesis and fluorescent properties of bis ( benzimidazolyl) ethanediol and its complexes.	双苯并咪唑基乙二醇；配合物；合成；荧光物质。
You've been sent off the field too? 	你也被罚站了吗？ 
All right. Well, you better bring home a medal. 	好吧。好，你最好明天带枚勋章回来。 
Come on buddy. Had l been able to do it alone... 	好了，朋友。如果我自己能搞定的话…… 
If you see about half of your arch, you have the most common foot type and are considered a normal pronator.	如果你能看到约半个足弓，那么你是最普遍的足型，旋前肌也正常。
I was a Dick. I won't deny it. 	我承认我是个混球。 
Great. We sold the third yesterday. No sweat. 	很棒。我们昨天卖出第三架。毫不费力。 
The sky cells always break them. 	天牢总能让人屈服。 
Right, his intention is good for me. 	对，他也是为我好。 
Your girl is losing it. 	你女朋友疯了。 
I'mrying not to stepn Otoo many toes, but if I do, whoops.	我试着不要得罪其他人，如果不小心这么做了，那...
Put together, the total land mass is slightly smaller than california.	加在一起,总面积略小于加利福尼亚。
Would you mind having a look, doctor? 	医生，请你看一下好吗？ 
Look at the mess you have made.	看你搞患上乱蓬蓬的。
Uh, she scheduled a briefing with the city Council.	呃，她要在市议会上做一个汇报。
Such a society could use its own star as a gravitational lens, and even see the glow from our street lamps.	它们的社会可以用自己的恒星作为引力透镜，甚至可以看到我们街上路灯所发出的光芒。
Of course, to some extent we've always consumed media that appealed to our interests and avocations and ignored much of the rest.	当然，在某种程度上，我们总是消费媒体呼吁我们的兴趣和背景，而忽略了大部分的休息。
They examine all enterprises equally in accordance with the qualification of loanees.	它们按照贷款的条件对所有的企业一视同仁地加以审查。
He's your brother. He'll forgive you. 	他是你的弟弟会原谅你的。 
And that's what you have to be able to deal with if you 	如果你想和当今世界相关联的话 
I mean, your mom takes up all your time. 	你妈妈占用了你所有的时间。 
Look, if this is your way of trying to kick me out, 	如果你们就是想赶我走， 
One drink could be fun. 	喝点酒会更有意思。 
I left it for the man who killed my son to come back and get it.	我把它留给那个杀害我儿子的人回来拿。
Yeah, sure, if you work at the Pentagon. 	当然可以，如果你在五角大楼工作。 
So you said you're writing a research paper on theropod dinosaurs?	你只跟我说过你研究的是翼龙？
In economics and finance, however, universities struggle to get even a small budget to buy tick-by-tick data for one or two financial market instruments.	然而，在经济学和金融学领域，各大学甚至很难获得一笔较小的预算，用于购买一两种金融市场工具的实时数据。
We'll get involved in more capers in one deployment period than most cops see their entire career. 	我们一个调度期遇到的案子比大多数警察整个职业生涯遇到的还多。 
So you would have put the poison... 	所以你会把毒药… 
It is important to familiarize kids with paying taxes.	让孩子学会如何付税是很重要的。
Go to channel 10. The girls are on television!	看10频道。女孩们在电视上！
I thought you wanted to talk to me about something. 	我以为你要告诉我点事情呢。 
Qaddafi's unhinged narcissistic oddness seems to be the key to his longevity.	卡扎菲疯狂、自恋、怪异的作风似乎是他长久统治的秘诀。
The rest aimed high, didn't fire at all, 	其他都会瞄太高，或根本不开枪， 
Should not tamely submit to the unpredictable and ununderstood cycles of wars-psychiatry.	不屈服于不可预知和无法理解的战争循环--精神病学。
Hello. I want an extra - large pizza, 	你好。我想要一个超大份的皮萨， 
Northeast abalone stew, grouper bridge, cross the bridge mandarin fish, liao participation buckle rice, abalone buckle rice, green clams.	东北鲍炖,过桥石斑鱼,过桥桂鱼,辽参扣饭,鲍鱼扣饭,青蛤。
Outdoor lovers will delight in visiting Banff National Park, Canada's first national park. 	向进行户外活动的情侣可能喜欢参观班夫国家公园，加拿大第一个国家公园。 
No. He's definitely gay.	才不是。绝对是同
What? It's better if we take my car 	干嘛？还是开我的车去吧 
There's a particular sort of twitchy stiff arm	她的胳膊会突然地抽动一下
Stone - foot roosters in a fuck farm!	像他妈农场里的石头公鸡一样！
Russia now allows supplies to cross its territory to american and allied forces in afghanistan.	俄罗斯现在允许通过其领土向在阿富汗的美国和盟国军队运输补给。
Hello! Dice! You still there?	戴斯！你还在那儿吗？
So the rice. - yeah. 	所以你才用大米。- 对。 
I want to go!- you're being a girl! 	我要回家！- 你这是在撒娇！ 
Emei wushu bags medals in national wushu competition.	峨眉武术全国比赛获佳绩。
I'll wait at the bar. 	我去吧台等。 
Look, you spend your career upholding the standards of conduct, you're not gonna wind up with many friends. 	看，你要是整个的职业生涯都在尽忠职守，最终是得不到几个知心好友的。 
No, an officer spotted your car.	不是，一个警员发现了你的车。
By sparing his life... 	挽回他的性命... 
Okay, I ask.	好吧，我问一下。
You'll receive further instructions in Paris.	到了巴黎会有进一步指示的。
So servicers-the companies that collect payments on behalf of mortgage owners-have been foreclosing on many mortgages, seizing many homes.	这样，替抵押业主收取支付款的服务商一直在大量撤销抵押，没收了大量的房产。
Uh, this is a private number.	但，这是我的私人号码。
Damn! This sucks! Where's that son of a bitch at? 	他妈的！真该死！我要宰了那个混帐东西？ 
He's not looking for a path to salvation. He's looking for a path into her pants! 	他不是在寻找拯救灵魂的方法。而是在寻找和她上床的机会！ 
I'll get it, sir. Thanks.	我来吧，先生。谢谢。
Who talked me into a pink tie?	当时谁让我戴粉色领带的？
May serenity and spiritual peace... 	愿恬静和精神的安宁... 
Because after all those years of tearing her down, she has finally	因为在对她口诛笔伐那么多年之后，她总算成为一个
AII prisoners are to be reieased. 	所有的犯人立即释放。 
I would love for you to save your questions till the end. 	我更希望你到最好再问啊。 
Considerable intra - operative blood loss. 	在手术期间大量内失血。 
But the epicenter of the battle for the country has now moved to the capital.	然而该国这场战役的激战中心现在已经移向首都。
His argument is that the latter course lowers growth as it shrinks what really gives the economy its juice--job-creating, productivity-generating capital spending by america's businesses large and small.	他的观点是，后一种做法将降低经济增速，因为它削弱了经济的真正推动力，也就是规模各异的美国公司的资本支出，只有这种支出才能创造工作岗位，提高生产效率。
I can put on the other lamps.	我可以把别的灯也打开。
And since her body wasn't immersed in the river,	她的尸体没浸到河里因此没有变形，
You three are important enough.	你们三个就挺重要的。
For months, the ex-friend continued to try to contact her.	几个月来，这位前好友不断试着跟她联系。
She sat there with that sad, pathetic look on her face. 	她坐在那一副孤苦伶仃的样子。 
With colleagues, customers, anyone?	或者任何人有纠纷吗？
Hey! Say that you love to fuck in English. 	嘿！用英语说你喜欢做爱。 
Do ya? I want her out of here. 	想知道？那你先放她走。 
Oh, what a beautiful bell. Who's it from?	好漂亮的铃铛。谁送的？
How many times I've passed bells ringing. 	多少次我经过叮叮作响的门铃。 
boom! I know - But Mr -  	我知道，就会爆炸嘛 - 不过 -  
Well, sir, I enjoyed the role. 	哦，先生，我喜欢这个角色。 
Join my facebook and plurk!	加入我的脸书和噗浪吧！
Ladies and gentleman, Michelle McNally	女士们先生们，蜜雪儿麦克纳利
There are hints that they could have been using them for 	有迹象表明他们也可能用此 
Let's get out of here. Damn suit.	我们走吧。真脏。
Certainly not! We are as anxious as you to keep him locked up.	当然没有！我们也和你一样焦虑。
It's amazing that he survived a beating like this.	打成这样还能活下来真不简单。
Alone and unarmed, and asking questions about a murderer.	孤身一人赤手空拳去询问谋杀犯的事。
We have that for a long time. 	很早就有了。 
Block cards per user group per section 	各部门各团体各用户的个人卡 
Yeah, but your still the maid of honor, right Tom?	好啦，但你还是首席伴娘，对吧汤姆。
Meal does not speak a lot about food, did not chew, the sound does not drink, do not pick more food plate.	吃饭时讲究食不满口，嚼不出声，喝不作响，拣食不越盘。
Uh, hey, how tall are you, anyway?	呃，嘿，反正，你有多高啊？
Linking parabolas in international exchange: colloquium on curatorship 2004.	国际交流的抛物线连结:2004。
That doesn't mean he's got to go to jail. The roads, we're all in on that. 	又不是说他要进监狱。我们都是一条道上的。 
Like they'd have you believe in this book. 	在这本书里看到的那么美好。 
I don't get some decent shut - eye tonight. 	今晚如果我睡的不踏实。 
In the 1990s, I went to take a look at amorim in portugal, the world's pre-eminent cork supplier.	上世纪90年代，我曾去葡萄牙参观全球卓著的软木塞供应商阿莫里姆（amorim）。
Researchers are using this new perspective to examine how past societies managed to cope--or failed to cope--with prolonged and severe climate events, events without equal in modem times.	研究人员正利用这一新的观点来考察过去的社会是如何解决，或者是未能解决这些持续时间长、为严重的气候事件的。这些事件在现代还绝无仅有。
You were just too out of it to know I was here.	你只是头脑不清醒没意识到我来过。
I blamed her. 	我把抱怨撒在了她身上。 
I came up with the film title!	我想到电影题目了！
The most powerful pressure on mr assad so far, however, has been from al jazeera's arabic coverage, which encouraged syrians to take control of their own destiny.	不过，阿萨德到目前为止面临的最大压力，是半岛电视台(al-jazeera)在阿拉伯世界的影响力，它鼓励叙利亚人掌握自己的命运。
But I see him winging on his way my flyaway bird named yesterday.	但我看到他在路上我的鸟翼状弗亚韦昨天命名。
Yeah, I'm into pizza. 	是啊，我爱比萨。 
And one and two, three.	一二三。
We are treating that incident with the highest priority.	我们对这件事是以最高优先级处理的。
The tuna run was over and there were few boats at the island now.	金枪鱼的汛期已经过去，留在岛上的船只业已不多。
Broke through his firewall. 	突破了他的防火墙。 
Against all instincts of what sanity sounds like, 	我都觉得自己疯了， 
Which one? - the flathead. 	哪个？- 扁平的那个。 
How many children get involved with the traffic and die because of marijuana and coke, okay?	有多少孩子为了大麻和可卡因卷入犯罪，甚至丧命？
Take it. Go! It's more important than I am. 	带上它。快走！这比我的生命重要多了。 
I mean, all rocks are a tangible representation of the awe - inspiring passage of time 	所有的石块都清晰地代表着华丽丽流逝的时间 
Are you gonna sing when I hit you? 	我砸你的时候你会唱歌吗？ 
Soon as they open that door, it's all over. 	他们一开门，就会没命。 
I should've remembered.	我应该记着的。
You know, I know about farming.	你知道，我会干农活。
Thursday morning, 10:00. 	星期四上午，10:00. 
One on either long side of the oval, 	在椭圆竞技场的两个长边各有一个， 
Just choose such friends carefully.	要小心地选择自己的朋友。
But over time the latter has consistently been revised up, suggesting that any overstatement is modest.	但是后者也已经随时间持续上调，说明任何夸大都不为过。
What makes you think it's the right car? 	你凭什么认为就是这辆车呢？ 
don't try to protect me. They're not going to kill us. 	别老是想保护我。他们不会杀我们。 
They think they're being haunted. By what? 	就像是有什么阴魂不散。什么？ 
Oh... Is that what you thought? 	噢…你这样想么？ 
Having me talk to her was your plan the whole time, wasn't it? 	你就是计划让我和她谈话对么？ 
You could have triple-checked the information.	你可以再三核实一下资料。
And in two days, that will be rectified. 	两天后，就可以调过来了。 
I mean, if you're planning it, why not just the one? 	如果你是计划好的，为什么不是一根呢？ 
Let's check every Trinity city for missing ten - year - olds. 	去所有三一做过案的城市找找10岁失踪男童。 
So - let's - make - a - funeral - an - excuse for - a - big - sloppy - party deals. 	所以”我们应该举行个葬礼仪式" 等等。 
Infrastructure bottlenecks, congested ports and freak weather have held back its exports even as demand for coal, driven by the energy and manufacturing requirements of china and other fast-expanding economies, has never been higher.	目前，在中国及其它增长迅速经济体的能源和制造业需求推动下，全球煤炭需求前所未有地高涨。
Mind your fucking panel!	注意你自己的控制仪板！
Luggage cart, available on ground floor 	地面层提供行李车 
Yes, it's playing at the traitor. I'll take you both. 	是的，在里奧托上映。我帶你們倆去。 
When I came on board as a young man, 	我初到这里时还很年轻， 
It's been a while!	一会儿就行了。
Why would you be scared? I don't know.	你担心什么呀？我不知道。
What I want... What I want... What I need is your help.	我只想... 我只想... 我只想你帮帮我。
Of all the things he could give to me... 	凭借他所能给予我的所有... 
He took away my phone, my computer 	他没收了我的手机电脑 
The losing tribe goes to tribal Council where somebody from your tribe 	失败部落要参加部落大会 
Even I didn't expect that. Here, have some sweets. 	我也是没有想到阿吃点点心。 
Do you have my key? Yeah, I'm not giving it...	你拿了钥匙了？是啊，我不会给…
Of warfare practiced by native American tribes.	战争宗教仪式罢了。
I firmly believed that the sec investigation would turn up 	我坚信证交会的调查能够证明 
Like the mysterious black hole.	神秘的黑洞。
Pete? He's kind of a protege of yours, what do you think?	彼得，他是你的高徒，你认为呢？
But many of the student leaders appear articulate and reasonable.	但很多学生领导讲起话来振振有词、头头是道。
Okay, the explosion must've dislodged the ship from the ice.	一定是爆炸使船开始移动了。
My new girlfriend is very tidy.	我的新女友很爱干净。
You got canker sores?	你得了口腔溃疡？
My car's in the shop, and I promised your star point guard I'd be there	我的车在修，我向控球后卫保证过我一定到
I know it, I feel he's already on the way. 	我知道，我感觉他已经上路。 
Look, I told them all this years ago. 	看吧，我在几年前不是说过了。 
So optimistic. 	如此乐观。 
I do. There's a hidden exit from the tunnels.	我相信- 密道里有个隐秘的出口。
She sang the song while she walked to school.	她步行上学时一起码唱着那首歌曲。
After what she pulled off, I hope she got a win bonus. 	凭她的成绩，我希望她得到好好的奖励。 
And I thought you should explain.	我想应该由你来解释。
I helped secure the funding	我帮这部剧
Not only does this give the product line a more uniform look, it also takes care of minor design quibbles.	它不仅让整个系列产品看起来更加统一，还关注了微小的设计细节。
What will yours be? 	想想你的那条将会是怎样？ 
Yeah, and it was weird. He said he was really excited and so he came early.	听着，别扭他说。他非常兴奋就提前来了。
I didn't ask for your opinion. 	我没问你的意见。 
We will restore her to health but it may take time.	我们会让她恢复健康，但可能需要一些时间。
Free high-speed Internet access in the lobby, Monday through Saturday 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., Sunday 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. 	大堂免费高速互联网服务时间：星期一至星期六：上午8:00至晚上8:00/星期天：上午8:00到下午2:00。 
Lord, some things never change. 	上帝，有些东西还真就变不了。 
So don't let that stand in the way 	别让这个成为我们 
He did, he told me! Hush.	他说的，爸爸告诉我的！嘘。
No. Why? What's going on? 	没有的。怎么了？有什么事？ 
And worked his whole life so that I could go to school. 	他一辈子干活，只为我能上学。 
Friends are gonna be there, so... 	我们的朋友们都会来，所以…… 
Come on. We have to find Kenai. 	快。我们得去找基奈。 
16 seconds of screen time. 	化成屏幕上短短的十六秒。 
Within a few weeks he'll be a good as new.	几周之内他就会完全痊愈。
They're not dead? I thought they were dead!	他们没死？我以为他们都死了！
Who does she know that might have reason to do this? 	她认识的人里面谁有理由做这种事？ 
I mean, I saw the van. She's full - on nuts. 	我是说，我见到病院的车了她是彻头彻尾的疯子。 
She tastes like home maple syrup. 	她的感觉就像枫蜜浆 
Look, that stadium.	体育馆的事。
Vascular imaging: assessing tumor vascularity in breast neoplasms.	乳腺肿瘤血管影像评价方法。
It's now felt that it was because of paracelsus that people began applying chemistry to medicine.	现在普遍认为，早期的医学开始用化学品制造医药品治病，是巴拉塞尔的功劳。
Not a worry. I'll be right here. I'm not going anywhere. 	别担心。我就呆在这里。我哪也不去。 
Conclusion... 	所以说…。 
She could have been charged as an accessory. 	她就可能被指控为同谋。 
So this is the part where you tell me, it's ridiculous. 	你还跟我说， 真荒谬，。 
You're wondering if it's worth it?	你在想它值不值得吗？
You know, father Salizar, the house was re-stuccoed	你知道，塞勒扎神父，我搬进来之前
But if there's any support that I can give you, 	但是如果我能给你些支持， 
What do you mean, fucked? Jail fucked, motherfucker. 	你什么意思，完了？坐监狱就这样。 
I can't hear! Lousy mobile! 	我听不到呀！你的电话接收的不好！ 
You lied to us, pal. 	你骗了我们朋友。 
I mean, think about it.	你们仔细想想。
Actually, I just broke up too. 	实际上，我也刚刚分手。 
Well, it really doesn'tmatter now, does it?	好吧，现在还有什么关系呢，是不是？
But vast areas are still being slashed, mostly in the tropics, including each year a switzerland-size area of previously undisturbed, ecologically precious "primary" forest.	但是仍有广袤的地区被削减了，这主要集中在热带地区，包括了每年瑞士大小的，之前未受干扰，生态珍贵的“主要”森林区域。
Yoshitaka morinaga, head of a chinese plant run by nichicon, a leading japanese maker of capacitors, says that in his industry at least the impact of higher wages has been minimal.	日本主要电容器生产商尼吉康（nichicon）在华一家工厂的主管森永芳孝（yoshitaka morinaga）表示，至少对于他所在的行业来说，工资上涨的影响微乎其微。
I have the strangest feeling I've met you before. 	我就是想不起来在哪儿见过你。 
I got an a on every paper, and like jill vernon, the teacher would keep me after class and encourage me to write more.	每一篇文章我的得分都是a，而且我也喜欢吉尔弗农，这位老师会在课后留下我鼓励我多进行写作。
On a property in Toluca lake? 	托卢卡湖边的那处房产了吗？ 
Lt used to be 180, how is that possible?	以前是180，怎麽会变低？
It's over with Emilie. Now she's with Mr cell phone. 	她说跟我已经完了。她现在和那个卖手机的小子。 
Hold on. He raped her? - yeah. 	什么她被强暴了？- 对。 
Using the tools of monetary policy to achieve financial stability ( other than lender-of-last-resort actions) weakens the effectiveness of monetary policy for its primary role to maintain price stability.	运用货币政策工具来实现财政稳定（不是最终贷款人措施）削弱了货币政策作为最初用于维持价格稳定角色的影响。
Must leave this investigation to those who can pursue it 	必须把这个案子留给那些 
And as I say, having held out my hand to you,	我说了，既然许诺要照应你，
You know, I don't know the guy, 	你知道，我并不认识他， 
God, that man makes me so fucking horny. I don't know what it is. 	天呐，那小子说得我欲火焚身。我可熬不住了。 
Scenery of Changfeng Town in China's Anhui	中国安徽省长丰县的景色
I shouldn't have blamed them.	我真是错怪他们了。
Londoneye 2003-Child GRP 10 	提供一份伦敦眼2003年成人10人集体票。 
Do you know a man named Stanley mar? 	你认识一个叫斯坦利麻的人吗？ 
I'm impressed. Absolutely right. 	印象深刻。太对了。 
Tested at the navy's dahlgren surface warfare center in virginia, the futuristic weapon uses powerful jolts of electric current to propel a non-explosive slug along rails before launching it at supersonic velocities.	这种充满未来气息的武器测试地点位于弗吉尼亚的水面作战中心达尔格伦分部以强力的电流震荡驱动一个非爆炸性的金属块，使其在轨道中达到超音速。
Can l give you a phone number for some people who can help... 	干脆我给你个号码打这个电话可以找人帮助你...  
She's going to have to get it from him. 	她就不得不从他那里获得。 
Look, leaning on a guy who's already squeezed	听我说，我也不愿意干这种
Oh, you poor thing. Uh, could you not? 	噢，你真可怜。呃，你能不能不那样？ 
A similar low dose treatment regime is recommended for patients with angina, a history of heart problems or who have undergone coronary by pass surgery.	医生也建议有心绞痛、心脏病史或做过冠状手术的人使用类似的剂量治疗。
That's not the same thing at all. 	但完全不是针对同一个问题。 
For me, you will repeat it.	在我面前你得重复。
If they get a clean shot, 	如果他们有机会， 
He's playing the flute  	他在一边吹长笛 
All right, you idiots. You happy now? 	你们两个傻冒。现在高兴了？ 
Oh, come on! You're a filth wizard. 	哦，别说了！你这个恶心的男人... 
Goodness is the eternal pursuit of people.	真善美是人类的永恒追求。
There you go again, Irving. 	你又来了，艾文。 
Look, I just really need this job.	听着，我真的很需要这份工作。
You didn't to dress up in that stupid red suit	穿着愚蠢的红色套装
Well, then I think maybe we should try 	呃，那我想我们也许得 
A machine you know is going to work, no questions, job done.	一台完美完成工作让你毫无后顾之忧的机器。
I've never been to Iraq. 	我从未去过伊拉克。 
I've had any feelings for since you. 	我来电的第一个女孩。 
In the new capital, naypyidaw, miss suu kyi had to address supporters out in the fields because she was denied access to some of the largest indoor halls in asia.	在内比都，昂山素季被迫在空地上对支持者发表演说，因为不允许她进入亚洲几个最大的内厅。
With a plea, you could be out in three years. 	如果我们认罪你可以只坐三年牢。 
Banks could open branches anywhere.	银行可以随处设立分行。
A woman milks a mare in the village of kogershin in southern kazakhstan.	哈萨克斯坦南部的kogershin村庄里，一名妇女在给一匹母马挤奶。
Normal. Of course, he talks differently.	当然一样，但他的谈吐不同
We're gonna lay here together. 	我们一起在这儿躺会儿。 
Look, I've never done this before, so you're gonna have to help me out. 	我从来没有这样做过，所以你要帮我。 
No, no, no. Please don't. I haven't had sex in a really long time.	不，不，没有。请不要。我还没有在很长一段时间的性别。
For breakfast enjoy tasty hot waffles, fresh fruit, tea, pastries and more. 	您可以享用我们的早餐，包含美味可口的热华夫饼、新鲜水果、茶、糕点等等。 
Fifty years have elapsed since soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin lit the blue touchpaper on the era of manned spaceflight. Progress was rapid-only eight years separated gagarin's flight from the infinitely more complicated mission that put neil armstrong and buzz aldrin on the surface of the moon in 1969.	自苏联宇航员加加林点燃航空飞行时代的引火线，五十年已过，人类航空事业进步飞速加加林之行离1969年阿姆斯特朗和奥尔德林更为复杂的登月之旅仅隔8年。
I would love to help you guys out.	我很想帮助你们。
He's already offered to take haIf of my shifts next week. 	他下周已经顶了我一半的班。 
I mean, I made one little mistake. 	我不过是犯了点小错误。 
And having no further concern.	一无牵挂的他。
MAMMA MIA and Zaziki Child until 12 years, aperitif (Ouzo), 1 Greek 3-course menu, 1 musical ticket MAMMA MIA (cat. 	提供《妈妈咪呀！ 》和Zaziki的12岁以下儿童票—开胃酒（茴香烈酒）、一份希腊式三道主菜套餐；一张音乐剧票《妈妈咪呀！ 》（2种） 
Is that such a crime? Unbelievable.	算犯罪吗？难以置信。
But I cannot help you if you're going to start all of this again. 	但是如果你想重新开始这一切我不能帮你。 
I want you to fall on your sword for me. 	我要你替我挡剑而亡。 
Joining us is the woman who was actually attacked	在我旁边的就是当事人
Uh, check your e-mail. 	呃，查查你的电子邮件。 
Article 253 where the insured waives his right of claim against the third person without the consent of the insurer or the insurer is unable to exercise the right of recourse due to the fault of the insured, the insurer may make a corresponding reduction from the amount of indemnity.	第二百五十三条被保险人未经保险人同意放弃向第三人要求赔偿的权利，或者由于过失致使保险人不能行使追偿权利的，保险人可以相应扣减保险赔偿。
I'm not ready to introduce to anyone just yet. 	只是暂时没想把你昭告天下。 
Chances are you end up alone. 	反正多半还是落得孤身一人。 
You have to detach yourself from everything you see. Don't let your emotions cloud your judgment. 	你得记得别将自己代入别让情感影响了你的判断。 
Relative research shows "when employee feel satisfied, they will have positive contribution and lower resign rate in enterprise." As well, employee's factor will affect the acknowledge of employee's satisfaction trend.	相关研究指出当员工工作感到满足后，会对组织有正面的贡献，会有较低之职离率，且员工之个人属性变项亦会影响员工对工作满足倾向的认知。
But called me names and words like "tasty"... 	但居然冲我嚷嚷些“够味儿”…… 
You don't leave for personal time in the middle of an op again.	任务中间不能因为私事离开下不为例。
Drag onto the page, then right-click to specify number of globes.	拖到绘图页上，然后右击可指定球形灯的数目。
Who's Carrie? - two nights ago! 	卡丽是谁？- 两天前那个！ 
No, this is caramelized. No. sweat. Sweat, okay?	不这是熔化的不是压榨的明白吗？
This new currency's value would be determined by a basket of widely traded currencies, basically hedging against the risk inherent in any one currency.	这种新货币的价值将由一篮子交易频繁的货币决定，基本上避免了任何单一货币内生的风险。
Why haven't you talked about the border patrol budget before? 	为什么你以前从来没有提起过关于边境的预算呢？ 
To many on the outside, life as a tenured faculty member conjures up images of dreamy afternoons spent theorizing at one's desk, interspersed with occasional trips to the lab to hold up test tubes to the light.	对许多外界人士来说，一个终身教职员的生活让人想起的是这样一幅图像：在自己的办公桌上做理论工作的怡然下午，偶尔点缀着去实验室的小旅程，举着试管凑向灯光。
Can ppl please chop this villager!	脂肪可以请这个印章村民!
So I just have to pick one? 	所以我只要选一个就行了？ 
Her character's the wife of a musician, and, like,	她的角色是音乐家的太太，
He's in some pain and the medication makes him drift away. He's in and out.	他身处痛苦之中药力令他有些恍惚。时醒时睡。
All right, son! He said he meant no disrespect.	别这样，孩子，大家都要维持生计的。
Oh, hello, Mrs Henderson. This is Ann. 	噢，你好，汉德森太太。我是安妮。 
Eat 'em up, fellas. Give me some.	吃吧，伙计们。你也要？
Shuttleworth may argue now that ubuntu's implementation will be far more sophisticated than what apple uses on the iphone, a touch language that could resemble computing commands in their complexity.	沙特尔沃思（shuttleworth）现在可以说ubuntu的软件安装过程比苹果应用在iphone上的复杂得多，苹果的触控语言即类似于他们的复杂运算指令。
Ah, well, so much for the sex part.	啊，好吧，性方面的作用很明显。
Well, I shouldn't have done that.	好吧，我不该打你。
Six men died to bring it here... 	为了把它从埃及搬到这里... 
Compliments of the hotel management.	宾馆管理处的问候。
I just punch the tickets, sir.  - you should punch your face... 	我只负责打票。- 你真该打你的脸… 
Except this time that fucking stenad figured he could make	唯独这次他觉得他能
Yeah. Funny that. 	是啊。有意思的是。 
Walked in here, says he saw the shooting	直接走进来，说他看到了
What is it to me? 	我是怎样？ 
Many of our brides have their parents refinance their homes.	我们有很多新娘都会让父母重置家庭资产。
I came looking for you mom.	我来找你妈妈。
Got any lodgings?	有住的地方吗？
This morning what? 	今天早上？ 
The size of the state of Texas, more than 25o, square miles. 	德克萨斯州的面积，超过25万平方英里。 
However, I will only be taking 85 percent 	不过，至于我那份额外的工资 
I know, but we had nothing to hold him on. 	我知道，但是我们没有证据逮捕他。 
Can we have spaghetti bolognese? 	我们能吃博洛尼亚面条吗？ 
Even closer look, so the riggers have made a slack line for me. 	所以装配工已经为我装上了吊索。 
Yes, your honor, jabber - jabber and flattery. 	是的，大人。废话和拍马屁。 
Something I showed him how to do on a mission, I might add!	我应该说过，我在一次任务里告诉过他怎么操作的！
Fake money for coke deals, counterfeit passkeys for bank robberies -	为毒品交易做假钞，为银行抢劫犯做万能钥匙
Study at the implied terms in contract law.	论契约法中的默示条款。
What... If...	如……果……
She's going to o. R in a few minutes. 	几分钟后送手术室。 
Asked the hotel attendant putting down the black bag.	茶房放下皮包回头问。
I'm from the district attorney's office. 	我是检察院的。 
The doctor says I'll be okay by tomorrow. 	医生说我明天就会好。 
I've heard that crap for 25 years! 	我听这些废话25年了！ 
Well, I'm a bit of a francophile and a cinephile, 	嗯，我有点崇尚法国算是个影迷， 
I think that we should have a television department.	我认为我们应该有一个电视部门。
You must love one another. 	你们也要怎样相爱。 
If this mailbox is a linked mailbox, this property contains the master account in the forest in which the user account resides.	如果此邮箱是链接邮箱，此属性包含用户帐户所在林中的主帐户。
Is that gonna be a problem? Are you expensive, what you do?	有什么问题么？收费很高么？你们做什么的？
Oh. Quick rewrite.	好吧。马上改。
You're gonna bury them in paperwork. 	你要用文书战术砸死他们。 
The job is great in terms of salary, but it has its disadvantages.	就薪金而言，这个工作倒是挺不错的，但也有一些不利之处.
Fine. I hit her. I'd been drinking.	好吧。我打了她。我喝多了。
You're saying you didn't do it? 	所以你在表明你从没做过这种事？ 
Excuse me. You're crew, aren't you?	打扰一下。你们是剧组工作人员吧？
Since he told you he was straight? 	他不是同性恋之后到底有什么改变？ 
So, um... Tell me about your book. 	呃，跟我说说你的书吧。 
Exit at Vanier Parkway Number 19 and keep to the right. 	从19号凡尼尔公园道路下高速并靠右行驶。 
Your nose to the grindstone.	孜孜不倦地工作。
I cannot believe you just said cooties. 	你居然连虱子都说出来了。 
If this makes you feel so bad, if doing this makes you feel so crappy...	假如这让你不爽的话，假如这让你不爽的话。
She broke down by the navy yard last night and Tony helped her out. 	她的车昨晚在海军营区外抛锚，然后东尼帮她脱困。 
He strained something during tennis. 	打网球的时候拉伤了。 
Because I've already made love. 	因为我已经云雨过了。 
I hear that you spread false information about katyn.	我听说你到处散布卡廷事件的假消息。
I'm an Austrian deserter seeking asylum. 	我是个寻求庇护的奥地利逃兵。 
You're a tool in my belt. Understand?	你不过是我腰带里别着的工具明白？
It's not my fault if they cIose at midnight. 	如果在晚上关门，不是我的错。 
Um... Because it's funny? 	因为…好玩？ 
Breaking through the conventions of thought "fixed tendency", training abilities of innovation "change model"	突破思维“定势”框套培养创新“变式”能力
But I said the dwarf would kick him. 	但我说会有个矮子踢他。 
I am just a guy who enjoys a nice bottle of scotch. 	好好享受你的威士忌的人。 
Yes, coffee. - that's a good idea.	好的，咖啡。—好主意。
When I got an e-mail,	我收到了一封电子邮件，
Well, I brought the stool. 	呃，我带了凳子。 
Or you think you saw,	或者以为自己看到了什么，
Okay, sure. That's a good idea.	好的，没问题。好主意。
It was once seen as a model for chinese firms eager to take on the world, but is now considered more of a cautionary tale.	它曾经被看成是渴望走向世界的中国公司的榜样，而如今更像是一部警世小说。
You know what you people have given the world? Girls gone wild.	你知道你们这些人给这个社会带来了神马？狂野不羁的女孩。
I was taken out of phase. 	我被带离了相位。 
Did he touch you? Did he hurt you in any way? 	他有没有碰你？有没有伤害到你？ 
We've got company coming any moment,	客人随时会来，
We have to go to mass. 	我们得去做弥撒。 
People filled with self-loathing typically imagine they dislike every part of themselves, but this is rarely, if ever, true.	充满自我厌恶的人通常以为他们不喜欢自己的每一个部分，但这几乎不是真的。
Mmm, let's eat in the jacuzzi. 	嗯，上按摩浴缸裡吃吧。 
Well, at least she knows, right? 	呃，至少她知道了，对吧？ 
He printed a rental agreement for a storage unit. 	他打了一份仓库租赁协议。 
So do l, and I come first, OK? 	我也要找他，我先来的，对吧？ 
Once the trustee arrives all funds will be frozen	一旦受托人来了就会把所有基金冻结
Yeah. Thanks. You? 	是的。谢谢。你呢？ 
Homecoming prince and princess...	学生舞会王子和公主…
Will you take him inside? - sure. Come on, little fella.	你能把他抱进去吗？- 行。来吧。小家伙。
It's just a shadow. 	只是一团影子。 
Course I am. Look at that girl, who wouldn't marry her. 	当然了，瞧她多美，谁不想娶她。 
Did he write...? I'll deal with it. 	他是不是写了... 我会处理的。 
Personal cook... 	私人厨师和…。 
See the following table for the installation capacity of tractive rectification units of each tractive substation.	各牵引变电所牵引整流机组安装容量见下表。
But the scorpion was too fast...	但毒蝎太快…。
I was on this case then.	以前这案子是我调查的。
Might we finally find proof of alien beings? 	我们终将找到外星人存在的证据？ 
Just hand it over, right? 	帮我送过去，好么？ 
Hey! Great! Nice to finally meet you. - excuse me. 	嘿！太好了！很高兴终于见到你了。- 不好意思。 
Instantly noticing tye coming through them.	立即注意到塔伊通过它们的到来。
I don't know, it's just, like, that sometimes lately it's been tough.	我不知道，就像是最近偶尔会特别难受。
I just mean it might help to take responsibility for your role.	管好自己的事儿对你也许会有帮助。
We agreed to keep this casual.	我们说好保持这样的非正式关系。
Look, give us a bed and we'll stay out from under your feet.	听着，给我们张床我们就不烦你了。
But you are going to learn it here. 	但你们要在这里学会。 
Not while those cameras are here,	不能在摄像机前，
Is he - wh - who - who is th - who is that? 	他是不是谁- 谁- 是谁？ 
Unh - unh, no. When I got there, I keep, like, an eye over both shoulders, like, simultaneously.	不会，我每次到那，都极度小心身后。
Were you born without the compassion gene or something?	你生来就不具有同情心吗？
Too late. She's talking to the police right now. 	太晚了。她已经在跟警察谈了。 
I appreciate a good night out with my friends.	在和朋友晚上出去玩的时候就会很感激。
What do you think of my new car? Looks great. 	你觉得我的新车如何？很不错。 
You said "no.	你拒绝了他。
Oh, the fork is irrelevant. You might be right. 	噢，叉子是不相关的。你也许是对的。 
As we get into facial animation in class, one thing that is often overlooked is the brows.	我们在课堂上讲到面部动画的时候，经常忽视的一样东西就是眉毛。
You may consider yourself under arrest from this moment. 	从现在开始你们被逮捕了。 
Not bringing them in, and everybody knows what I'm talking about.	别这样，大家都知道我在说什么。
The summer and winter solstices, 	春分夏至， 
I'm going out to mail a letter. Do you need anything?	我出去寄封信。你需要些什么吗？
Mr. Oberoi how do you classify your marriage, love or arranged? 	奥贝艾先生，你怎样划分你的婚姻、爱情还是商业计划？ 
What? I did not pick you up. 	啥？我可没勾搭你。 
What do you know about support?	你知道什么是支持？
Soo Locks Park and Boat Tours 	Soo Locks Park and Boat旅行 
Looking for the resurrection of the body when the sea shall give up her dead,	当大海放弃她的死者时便能寻求重生机会，
We were all having a really horrible week.	我们这周都过得烂透了。
Some fairy tale, huh? 	很童话吧，对吧？ 
I'm pretty sure I dropped a third testicle. 	我长了第三个睾丸出来。 
What are we gonna charge this kid with?	以什么罪名起诉那孩子呢？
I defended you when people called you conceited, 	别人说你自大我还为你辩护， 
Then I don't think that - - that you can date me anymore?	我可能- 不能和我在一起了吗？
Crazy? Like buying your 11 - yearld a giant cafeteria lady bra? 	傻事？比如给个11岁大的孩子买波霸胸罩？ 
She's going with that truck	她上了卡车
You're really okay with this, really?	你良心真的过得去吗？
She should be operated on as soon as possible. 	她应该尽快动手术。 
No, I'm sorry. I'm just a little curious. Why did you stop seeing him?	不，抱歉，我只是有点好奇。你为什么又不再见他了呢？
A technique called extracorporeal hyperthermia. 	学术称体外高热。 
Well, I'll check in, in the morning. 	我明天一早就过来。 
And I believe this is your card, sir.	我相信这是您选的牌先生。
Do you know why he's crying? 	你们知不知道他为何会哭？ 
Hey, man. Look. All this is just one big honest mistake. 	嘿，伙计。听着。这只是个误会。 
We found that the bank had dishonoured some of our cheques.	我们发现银行拒绝兑现我们的部分支票。
It's very difficult to tackle them	明枪易躲暗箭难防，
Mr. grier: look for a great-quality manufacturer who is using high-quality materials.	格里尔：要找品质好的酒具厂家，因为他们生产的水晶酒瓶质量更好。
It's also a very sophisticated medical scanner	他还是个精密的医疗扫描仪
We're preparing to test the prototype. 	准备开始测试样机。 
Everyone will demand the same of apple, and I just don't think they're going to get that. "	休斯顿表示：“用户会对苹果提出同样的要求，但我认为，他们不可能如愿以偿。”
And I have to tell you, for these prices, 	我不得不告诉你，就这个价格... 
The goal is to increase the money supply, by swamping the fed funds market with liquidity.	它的目标是通过向联储基金市场提供大量的流动性来增加货币供给。
Her nails look newly painted. 	她的指甲油像是新涂的 
Do you really think that's the best thing to do?	你真的觉得这是最好的选择？
We can get a drink sometime? 	我们能找时间喝一杯？ 
Ma 'am, did you see her getting thrown? 	夫人，你看到她被推的过程了么？ 
This is the best they could come up with?	就这点本事？
Integrated characters of hot pepper cv. Ziniujiao and arthur 3 were poorest.	而紫牛角、亚瑟3号等果实综合品质相对较差。
Was retrieving what was on that tape.	找回录像带里说的东西。
Such middle-class protests could now create bigger headaches for officials in the north-east than the remnants of blue-collar dissent.	在东北，相较于蓝领的异议者，中产阶级的抗议如今令地方政府更为苦恼。
Why d 'you stop? I'm at top speed!	你为什么停下来啊？我开到最快了！
I heard it. hey, Romeo. 	我听到了。嗨，罗密欧。 
Naoto kan, japan's new prime minister, seems to have a soft spot for the britain of 1997, when tony blair's new labour swept to power.	日本新总理菅直人似乎对1997年的英国情有独钟，而当时布莱尔领导的新工党初上台执政。
We did it! Not quite. 	我们做到了！还差一点点。 
So the design of a credible lunar regolith sampler in rigorous lunar environment is the key point to solve the problem.	因此，如何设计一种能够在月球的苛刻环境中可靠采样的月壤采样器就成为解决问题的关键。
Yeah, I found it, I went there and I found your dad.	我拿到后，去了那里找到你父亲。
because that can really slow you down. 	所以才会这么慢。 
Even though the other women in the office tell you...	尽管办公室里的女人告诉你...
How's the party going?	派对开的怎样？
And glimpses of something or someone and...	时不时看见有人...
I find your guest... Refreshing.	我觉得她非常... 令人耳目一新。
But I don't think it was just a dream. 	但我不认为那只是一个梦。 
But I should have been the one out there. 	但是在那里的应该是我。 
Good. I like it. Let's go. 	好。我喜欢。走吧。 
The signing of the mutual pact would never have happened except for you exceptional bravery. 	如果没有你非凡的勇气，双边条约的签订永远不会实现。 
The only reason we're alive is because of her. 	我们能活着就是靠了她。 
This green is unusual in the hight plaint area when the climate is very dry.	在高原上气候特别干燥的时候，这些绿色很特别。
What happened between then and now?	你们之间到底发生过什么？
I didn't ask any favors. I did it for your brother.	我不用你帮。我是在帮你哥哥。
I saw your report a couple weeks back, thought I'd run it through our John does. 	我几周前看到你的失踪人口报告，于是去查了查我们的无名尸体。 
Not in the cafe that they work in	不会舍近求远在他曾孙女
People usually torture those whom they fear or despise.	人们通常会折磨自己害怕或厌恶的人。
One for each of the parents, and one for the child. 	两支分别是父母一支是孩子。 
It felt pretty good. 	感觉挺不错。 
The greens are emerging as a centrist party that appeals to young, wealthy, city professionals on a range of issues broader than the purely environmental ones that once marked them out as mere tree-huggers.	绿党成为一个中间党派，在一系列问题上它吸引了年轻人，有钱人，和城市里的人才，这些问题不仅限于环保领域的，绿党曾被称作仅仅是环保主义理论者。
Static pressure distribution near the scroll outwall.	蜗壳外壁附近的静压分布。
He's not feeling well, I can't get him downstairs. 	他有点儿不舒服，我没法带他下来。 
But, mom, you're the one who told me 	但是，妈妈，你跟我说 
I wasn't planting evidence, I kept telling myself.	我不断的告诉自己。我不是在栽赃。
Course; all historians do. 	所有的历史学家都这样。 
The accountant skip off with the money.	那个会计卷款潜逃。
I've been cursed! 	我被诅咒了！ 
But she was not satisfied with any of them.	但她一个也看不上。
Hmm, well, I hope you have one hell of an imagination. 	嗯，好吧，但愿你能想象得到。 
Every day for the next three months we would leave class together and talk nonstop.	在随后的三个月里，我们每天一起离开教室，不停地交谈。
And that's the same power within you.	你自身也应该具备这种力量呀。
My phone is ringing. Give me a minute.	我的电话响了。你等我一下。
Madam president, did you hear everything 	总统女士，您听到 
If I were you, I would've just answered her instead. 	如果我是你，我就会回答的。 
You don't have much control with underarm shots.	用臂下击球你没有太多的控制力。
Okay. - give me a minute with her.	好的。— 让我和她呆一分钟。
Years later, I realized that these were likely the remnants of life preservers from decades of tragedies at sea.	许多年以后，我逐渐明白，这些软木塞也许是几十年来的海难中救生用具的残骸。
I think we have a problem child we have to work yet.	我想我们有个问题孩子需要面对。
Well, I think not seeing you with a crown on your head would be at the top of the list.	我想第一条就是没来见证你的加冕。
Since when are you a technocrat? 	你什么时候成专家政治论者了？ 
I wanna throw my mom an amazing surprise bridal shower, but that costs money.	我想给我妈办一个特别棒的惊喜婚前排队，可是太贵了。
Visitors, mostly diaspora armenians, will come from the united states, canada, france, russia, lebanon and iran.	这里的来访者多数是海外流散的亚美尼亚人，来自美国、加拿大、法国、俄罗斯、黎巴嫩以及伊朗。
Some say sex has already occurred on a U.S. Space flight.	但是有人称性行为已经在美国宇航飞行中发生过。
She's so pretty, isn't she	她真美，不是吗
All right, The moment he clears that hole we make a run for it. 	好吧，这样趁他清理的时候我们赶紧跑进去。 
That's right, she did it very well! 	是啊，她唱得真好！ 
Analyzing protein function on a genomic scale: the importance of gold-standard positives and negatives for network prediction.	阳性、阴性相互作用集合在蛋白功能预测中的重要作用。
Yeah, but the fact remains, commissioner, that extremely dangerous criminals	是啊，可问题依然存在，局长，极端危险的罪犯
You are so hilariously funny, not. 	你还真搞笑，才怪。 
Is this some kind of a practical joke?	这不是恶作剧吧？
Yeah well, we had to leave l. A. In a hurry 	嗯好，我们离开洛杉机时很匆忙 
Gentlemen, gentlemen. Please. 	先生们，先生们，请等等。 
There were always tears in her eyes. 	她眼里总是含着眼泪。 
So this alone is a good reason for protecting this forest. 	所以为了它，我们也要好好保护这片森林。 
Until this search speeds up. 	我只能告诉你这么一些。 
I ran the samples from the cheek swab and the wad of gum you gave me, 	我化验了你给我的脸部组织和口香糖样本， 
Well, I guess I lavished her a bit. 	嗯，我猜我对她太慷慨了。 
You wacko! Put it all back the way it was!	你个怪人！给我恢复原样！
In ancient times, people refer to the moon as the "ice wheel".	古时候人们用冰轮来指代明月。
If it's over, we can stay. 	如果攻击结束了我们就可以留下来。 
What's the matter, old man? It's the boat.	怎么了，老先生？是这船。
I'll tell you what he did. He became a man. 	我告诉你他做了什么。他长大成人了。 
I'll put suIfur on the wound. 	我要在伤口上撒些硫磺粉。 
Could be their final destination.	可能是他们的目的地。
Get all the glass slivers so we don't cut ourselves. 	把玻璃都捡好别伤着我们自己。 
The girls on the floor you on the middle	女孩们在地板上你在中间
And expect to have any kind of a future.	别指望还有什么未来。
Try one of these. They are gluten free. 	尝尝这个。不含蛋白质的。 
If you made use of sms messages fly language, mobile will be the number of charges, costs and the same general message.	如果你用手机短信发留言飞语，移动会按条数收费，费用和普通短信一样。
Its punchy paper aimed big, calling for the creation of a central asia security organisation, armed with inspectors capable of policing commitments not to support, host or even have contact with insurgent groups.	该提议天花乱坠，志向高远，呼吁创建一个“中亚安全组织”，配备能实现治安承诺，不支持、不组织、不接触叛乱分子的巡查员队伍。
The youth perspective. 	年轻人的观点。 
It's usually imported from China.	一般是由中国进口来的。
She was found near a Canyon 	是在溪谷附近发现她的 
There are times when we make plans with friends or family to get together and then they fall through.	有时候我们和家人朋友定了约会，最后却不了了之。
We're best friends, we make each other laugh...	我们是好朋友，又能逗彼此开心。。。
She checks texts and tweets from her boyfriend ( where is he?)	她先看了她男朋友的短信和推特（他在哪？）
She didn't believe in anything.	她没有宗教信仰。
And no offense, 	无意冒犯， 
Assist me. Sweet dulcinea. 	帮助我。亲爱的杜尔希内亚。 
Why are human beings so drawn to stories 	为什么人们如此着迷于 
You ever have a mullet? I've had the pictures destroyed.	你留过梭鱼头么？照片都销毁了。
Such a measure could be useful to therapists in trying to uncover feelings clients are unwilling to divulge and to differentiate the nature of the problem in a relationship, the authors wrote.	作者写道，这样的测试对于治疗师可能会有用，他们可以发现客户不愿意吐露的感觉，并且辨别出这段关系里面的本质问题。
You wanted to see me? Close the door. 	你要见我？关门。 
Who opened it, size 14?	谁开的呢14号鞋?
It's a magnet. Watch out! 	是磁铁。当心！ 
But, look, you can't tell mommy or daddy, okay?	但，你不能告诉他们，知道吗？
But now this next level of weapon is ours to have,	但下一阶段的武器会是我们的了，
But no matter how green the city is becoming, it has always been defined more by its architecture than its horticulture.	但无论城市变得多么“绿色”，它终归是由建筑物、而非园艺来定义的。
don't look atyourfeet. 	别盯着脚看。 
I'd never fuck with you, 	我绝不会背叛你的， 
Very quiet here, Are we the only guests? 	好安静，我们是唯一的客人吗？ 
I said pick one, Elena.	我让你选一件，埃琳娜。
Sometimes it sucks to be right. 	有时候完全正确却糟透了。 
don't second - guess yourself, do it. 	别怀疑自己做就是了。 
It's not. It's always, "get out of the booth!	才怪总是“走出电话亭”！
Forget about hockey! 	忘了曲棍球！ 
It took me too much time to do the problem.	解这道题花了我太多的时间。
Ray was full of the festive spirit.	雷满心欢喜，像过节一样。
Oh, Christ. Can you take a message? 	哦，上帝。就不能让他留言吗？ 
Does it matter? They all say the same. 	有问题吗？说的都一样。 
Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly father feeds them.	你们看那天上的飞鸟，也不种，也不收，也不积蓄在仓里，你们的天父尚且养活它。
And we're proud of that.	为此我们很自豪。
But mr garang was killed in a helicopter crash soon after the cpa was signed; his punier successors have failed to establish national credentials beyond their southern constituencies, and have been concerned merely to stagger through to their own referendum on independence in 2011.	然而，加朗先生在全面和平协议签署后不久就在一次直升机失事中身亡了，他那能力平平的继任者在没能赢得超过他们南方选区的竞选资格，而且仅仅寄希望于将在2011年进行的他们自己的独立公投。
Just the man I wanted to see. 	你我正想找你。 
Well, you're lucky today was payday. 	喔，你很走运今天是发工资的日子。 
But it's like I still don't have him back. 	但我却感觉他还没有回来一样。 
We get lucky. 	我们得很幸运。 
There was lots of "oooh" and uproar in the fan community 	在粉丝社群中有很多惊叫和抗议的声音 
She'll not dance with me she has money	她不会和我跳的她有钱
You want to sleep in jail tonight?	你想今天晚上睡监狱？
You know something, I've seen all this before. 	你知道吗，我好像以前曾经看过所有的这些。 
Well, as it happens, by coincidence, it was the new album...	凑巧，因为，维苏威火山的新专辑…
You heathen slime!	你个野蛮人！
Focus on the people peter drucker called "key influencers", prof empson says.	恩普森说，密切注意彼得德吕克（peter drucker）称为“关键影响人”的那些人。
An element that could balance those scales,	一种能平衡那些不公的元素，
Yeah. Yeah, little man. 	是的。对，小男人。 
Over the last 10 years, a tiny group of scientists with security clearance was able to see some of the images, but couldn't use them publicly.	在过去的10年中，只有一小群经过忠诚调查的科学家才能见到某些图像，但是不能公开使用它们。
Yes, I see, sir. 	先生，我明白。 
I believe in an interview it is customary for questions derived from the person holding the camera should be asking the questions.	我想在采访中由拿摄像机的人来提问更符合常规。
Hi. Do you have the time? 	你好请问一下现在几点了？ 
You think she has access to an anomaly? 	你认为她掌握了一个异常点？ 
Centers for disease control and prevention, cdc, hhs.	美国疾病控制与预访中心。
And she's here today, thanks to our great and good benefactor. 	感谢我们杰出的捐助者，才能让她在此出现。 
Starting with donkey face. 	先从驴脸开始。 
My name's Paul Blart.	我叫保罗布拉特。
And it gives us a baseline of earnings stability year round,	每年可以获得固定收益，
So again, a very well  preserved pavement of the arena. 	所以，这是一个保存非常好的竞技场地面。 
Yeah, I may have been a fool for trusting you, but that was my biggest crime.	对，我从前是个傻子，信任你但那是我犯过最大的错误。
Most of the designer drugs haven't been tested in humans at all, let alone in large clinical trials.	这些自家炮制的药物大多数都没经历过任何人体试验，更不用说大规模的临床测试了。
She has eyes you read about. 	你说双眸水蓝如小说形容的就是她。 
With the rise of the empire, corellia once again bristled under the authority of coruscant, but did not actively join the rebellion.	帝国兴起后，科瑞利拉再次触著科罗森的统治权，不过也并非主动地加入反抗军。
She's not on trial.	她不是在接受审讯。
I can't put my finger on it, but there's something about you I like. 	我不想碰他，不过我挺喜欢你的。 
There was a whole episode of casualty enacted in my front room.	在我的房子里上演了一场意外事故。
Now, then, go get them, doctors. 	好了，解散。 
We all know we can't be carried out.	我们都知道不能被别人背出来。
Later on, I found out the guy I killed was an accountant.	后来，我发现我杀的那个人是个会计。
I don't know if it was your best performance.	不敢说这是否你最佳表演。
I snuck into your closet, and I put all your shoes in different boxes. 	我偷溜进你的壁橱，把你放鞋的盒子都打乱了。 
She's a bit of a rabid animal rights activist. 	她对动物权利保护有点狂热。 
I've thought long and hard about how I can best serve my country 	我仔细的考虑了一下怎么更好地为我的祖国服务 
If he confessed his love and thought about marriage and such. 	如果他表白他的爱并想和我结婚。 
You'll have to share. But...	你只能和人挤挤了。但…
Something is radically amiss in our health care system.	我们的保健制度存在重大缺陷。
I had to ground the plane. 	我要让飞机降落。 
Was arrested at the scene for the murder the police described as a typical crime of passion. 	当场被捕警察描述这起谋杀为典型的冲动犯罪。 
I am way ahead of you, girl. He even volunteered to drive. 	我早搞定了，他自愿做司机。 
Rothschild boulevard and the sites of other demonstrations are hardly tahrir square or hama.	罗斯大道及其他游行地点的状况并没有里尔广场或是哈马那样严重。
Such uniformity sounds like a dream for someone running a mass production process.	这种同一性就好像一个人在大量生产某一种东西的过程。
I am part of a team that makes the best metal anodes and specialty chemicals in china, where I know that my customers are benefiting from my work.	我是中国最好的制造金属阳极材料和专业化学制品的小组成员之一，我的客户从我的工作中获益颇多。
Oh, and there's my first - favorite scent. 	噢，我最爱的香味在那儿。 
The world's different now, and so am I.	现在世界已大不同，我也是。
Close haul her. Luff the sails and lay her in irons. 	升起帆来。我们乘风快跑。 
There's too much risk waiting out here in the open. 	在户外等待风险太大。 
Sells for 21.99. Right. 	只卖21.99元。对。 
The man you used to be?	曾经的你？
I am constantly reading thoughtful opinion pieces urging people to turn off their electronic devices and retake control of their lives.	我常常会读到一些颇有见地的观点文章，呼吁人们关掉电子设备，重新掌控自己的生活。
If that means I never get to know, so be it. 	如果我注定猜不到那就算了。 
Well, that worked, didn't it?	你得逞了不是吗？
Two persons are all wills firmly the heart saves the high ambition 	两个人都是意志坚定，心存大志 
He does? - he bought 30 barrels last week.	他知道吗？- 他上周买了30桶。
Hell likely stay a fortnight or more at the house party.	他要在那里呆上两个多星期参加一个聚会。
Difference of aging tolerance and heat stable proteins in seeds of difference kenaf cultivars.	不同红麻种子耐老化性差异及热稳定蛋白的研究。
You want my seat? I'm just leaving. 	想坐我的位子吗？我要走了。 
Stupid fucking bastard. 	愚蠢的狗杂种。 
He didn't do those terrible things. 	他没有做过那些可怕的事情时。 
Let me ask you. What school did you go to? 	我问你。你在哪所学校上过学？ 
Jules is family and I get that, 	是亲人我明白， 
I got the talent, 	我有的是天赋， 
Today, the app store boasts more than 3 00000 programs.	如今，app store宣称已有超过30万个应用程式。
Oh, it's precious, it's yours	哦，那很珍贵，那是你的
Looks like you got manhandled.	看上去你好像被打了。
Absolutely. Okay. The gamma pulse came from the amygdala.	当然。没问题。伽玛脉冲射穿扁桃体。
Centromere the region of the chromosome that contains the kinetochore, the structure that becomes attached to the nuclear spindle during mitosis and meiosis.	着丝粒：染色体上包含着丝点的区域，在细胞有丝分裂和减数分裂期间与纺锤体相整合的一种结构。
But for any wrong the people did, 	但如果我们有任何错误的举动， 
That's what the computers will tell us. 	是不是只有电脑检测了才知道。 
You're dying? Have fun while it lasts! 	你就快死了？临终前尽量开心是吗？ 
Please click on first day only. 	请第一天确定。 
What do you meanshe took off - when? 	你说她走了是什么意思什么时候？ 
You are so on the team!	你得加入我们！
We should make a pot of coffee. 	我们应该烧壶咖啡。 
You have to capture the nuance.	你得学新招。
He's beautiful. - I wanna hold him. I wanna see him.	他真漂亮。- 我要抱抱他，我想看看他。
Do you shitting in your pants? 	拉屎在裤子上了？ 
Why does the dance of give and take, turn into a battle of secrecy and power? 	为什么舞蹈的给予变成了秘密和力量？ 
Why do you need to test my blood?	你们为什么需要检测我的血液？
North korea experts believe mr kim has recently heightened military tensions including detonating a nuclear device as a show of internal strength aimed at deterring challengers to the succession.	朝鲜专家相信，金正日近期加剧军事紧张的举动，包括爆炸一枚核装置，意在向内部展示力量，以吓阻对上述接班安排的挑战。
Conservatives view lawsuits like this one as coming very close to permitting gender ( or race) discrimination to be proven on the basis of little more than statistical disparities in the workforce that are extremely widespread in our society and which might simply result from a stew of complex, innocent, cultural causes.	保守派认为，此类诉讼相当于允许使用社会上非常普遍的劳动力数据差距来证明性别（或种族）歧视，而这种数字上的差异很可能只是由复杂纯粹的多元文化原因所造成的。
I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I know that now.	我想同你共度余生。我现在明白了。
I do some part time male modeling. 	我做兼职的男模 
Before his death in 2009, senator ted kennedy ( robert's uncle) had denounced the project as a "special-interest giveaway".	泰德肯尼迪（罗伯特肯尼迪的叔叔）在他2009年去世前，一直在指责该项目是一种“牺牲某些人的特殊利益”。
Yeah, man. We saw him down by the dock just now. 	是的，先生。我们刚才看到他去码头了。 
In the face of mounting consequence. 	你还得要继续努力。 
Completely forgot what I was saying. 	忘了刚才说到哪里了。 
She was caught in the crossfire of the war between Batman and joker.	在蝙蝠侠和小丑的战斗中受伤。
He was my friend, and so I said yes. 	他是我的朋友，所以我同意了。 
They're my children, too, and I want them back.	她们也是我的孩子，我要她们回来。
My question is who will take over president of the foundation.	我的问题是谁将接任该基金会主席职位。
I feel we're getting warm.	我有预感谜题快揭晓了。
We set you up with buy money and then you go missing?	我们设计好给你买货的钱你就消失了吗？
When we split up, I was in a mess. 	我们分手时我很难过。 
His hearing deteriorated after his eightieth birthday.	他80岁生日之后，听力就不断恶化了。
He's become increasingly incautious. 	他已经不谨慎的不像话了。 
This is curry. What do you have? 	我是科利有什么新消息？ 
No, no, I don't think it's a good idea.	不,不我看这想法不咋地。
I can't live with them anymore.	我无法忍受再跟他们一起生活了。
When I see someone cursing, all I picture is you blinking. 	当我看到有人说脏话，你眨眼的样子就呈现在我眼前。 
Why don't they cut out the middleman and let us do it ourselves?	他们为什么不甩开中间商，让我们自己干呢？
They had us in the back of a van. 	一辆面包车后面。 
As a general hospital joined into emergency centrenetwork, it appears to be especially important to enforcepre-hospital care on high-risk gravida.	作为加入急救中间网络的综合性医院,如何增强对高危怀孕的女人的院前急救工作,显患上尤为重要。
You go pick up Azim and you bring him back here 	你先去接艾森回来 
2 movie tickets 	两张电影票 
What about my wine, Melchior?	我的酒怎么办，梅尔基奥？
Nothing at all. But l insist. 	别在意啊。但是我坚持这样认为。 
I have money. $500.	我有钱，500美圆。
They've even got one of those icky photos of themselves on the bedside table.	他们甚至在床头桌上摆了一张他们自己的煽情照片。
WiII you read to me? AIex, I've got to study for this.	你能念给我听么？亚历克斯，我得学习。
I won't do anything. 'cause I'm this far from quitting. 	我什么也不会做的。因为我就差这么一点就想退出。 
He would trust to providence and his high sense of duty.	他相信普罗维登斯以及自己的高度责任感。
And insignificant.	很不重要。
Ireland has a significantly higher rate than its neighbour, britain.	爱尔兰的自杀率就明显高于相邻的英国。
It hurts, man it hurts.	伤心，伙计真伤心。
Because I knew, on some level,	因为我明白，以我的水准，
I tried texting you. Yeah, it's been a whirlwind. 	我给你发短信来着。忙得团团转。 
Uh - Oh. Mom! Dad! 	啊- 哦。妈妈！爸爸！ 
Failure to follow instructions will be met with use of force. 	不遵循指令就得动武了。 
There were rumours that one reason local officials might have wanted him dead was to keep from being elected again.	民间有传言，当地官员之所以置他于死地，是不想让他再次当选村长。
...cooking pots.	烹调用的罐子
That we need to do as soon as possible. 	我们应该尽快去做。 
I'd just like to know why. 	我就想知道原因。 
You worked a crime scene,	在犯罪现场工作的时候，
Backed by chinese state companies and russian billionaire oleg deripaska, hkmex this week said it would launch a renminbi-denominated gold futures contract along with other precious metals.	在中国国有企业和俄罗斯亿万富翁奥列格德里帕斯卡（oleg deripaska）的支持下，香港商交所本周表示将推出以人民币计价的黄金等贵金属期货合约。
Mom, I asked her to photocopy the family tree, 	妈妈，我让她帮我影印家谱， 
It's strange. It feels like somebody is watching me.	好奇怪。总感觉有人在监视我。
With the result's of the competition, whether you win or not,	不管比赛结果是你赢还是什么，
Hey, knock it off! Hold your fire! 	嘿，住手！停火！ 
Yeah, yeah. Good. Wharf you gonna sing? 	是的，是的。好，你要唱什么？ 
She thinks there were three. You were sitting in first class, right?	她认为有三个人。你坐在头等舱，是吗？
I would have stepped in with, like, a chop.	我本来可以冲过去，一举擒住凶手。
Here's a little song I wrote 	我写了一首歌 
But we found nearly half on them were mouldy.	但是我们发现差不多一半发了霉。
He listed five earlier attacks in which employment-law reformers were either killed or seriously wounded by far-left terrorists, going all the way back to 1977.	他列举了自1977年以来，五起针对劳动法改革者的袭击事件，受害者不是丧命于极左派恐怖分子的毒手之中，就是严重伤残。
I'm not planning on coming back. 	我没打算回来。 
Whereas 26 houses once stood on this stretch of dubois street, today only corley's remains.	而26家曾经在这个杜波依斯街，今天站在伸展只科利的遗体。
It's a town full of good - time, and vices, from song - dance... 	它是个充满了欲望，罪恶，歌舞... 
I'm sorry. No way in hell. 	抱歉，是绝对不准！ 
thanks for being so cool about this, because	谢谢你这么好说话，因为
That's very romantic.and when is that worst case?	那很浪漫啊！最糟糕的情况什么时候来啊？
If you're gonna hunt with me, you're gonna hunt properly.	你要和我一起打猎就得好好打。
He hasn't lived therein years. 	他已经很多年没住那里了。 
Dry cleaning's in your closet 	干洗的衣服放进你衣柜里了 
99 again? 	又是99？？ 
Look, I need the gun so I can rule you out. 	我要看看那枪这样才能洗清你的嫌疑。 
Heavy hitters. Gamblers. Lots of money. Big cars.	以前有权势。豪赌。财富。房车。
Ladies love the degree.	女士们只注重学位。
Probably less than a thousand people,	可能少于1000人，
Because he lends an ear what you murmur vainly for me.	你一对我嘀咕，他就都听了去。
Maybe something native to England that I've never seen.	或许这是一种原产于英国我不曾见过的花。
So don't say anything embarrass... 	所以别说什么尴尬的话... 
It's that eventually, all families grow up...	总有一天，孩子们逐渐成长……
Hey, hey, hey, boy. 	嘿，嘿，嘿，小子。 
If you're wallowing in self-loathing, I've got something that might help. 	如果你还在自责的话，我这有东西可以帮助你。 
Please note: As of November 1, 2012, a tourist tax will be applied in Catalonia:  1.21 EUR per person per night for stays between 1 and 7 nights. 	请注意：从2012年11约1日，一个旅行者税将会在Catalonia实施：下榻1天到7天的每人每晚征收1.21欧元。 
Workers with reliable jobs will need homes, fuelling investment in the property sector.	拥有可靠工作的员工会需要住房，进而促进房地产领域的投资。
The bellman will show you the way to the banquet hall. 	大堂服务员将领您去宴会厅。 
You're handsome, and you 're... You' re... 	你帅气，你...你… 
She didn't tell you either.	她也没告诉你。
But you can't always find transcendency in human connections. 	但是你不能总是把超越性定理运用于人与人之间的关系。 
So let's all stand up against the corporate war machine. 	所以让我们站起来反对战争机器。 
You can now dress. 	把衣服穿上吧。 
The truth is, if physical inactivity were a sport, a lot of us could give a gold-medal performance.	事实是，如果运动不足算一种体育项目，我们很多人都能拿金牌。
Can we get a fix on the phone? 	我们能将那电话定位吗？ 
Imagine that the world's best specialists in a particular disease have convened to study a serious and intractable case.	试想一下，世界上最一流的某疾病专家在一起开会，研究一个很棘手的重大病例。
He must have had it on his person. 	他肯定是随身带来的。 
I want to thanks for my parents and my Shaolin master. 	我要多谢我的父母和师父。 
To avenge a man who has been dead for 20 years	你为一个死了二十年的人报仇
I too, did what l thought best for our nation.	做什么，是为我们国家好的。
He's got a proposition for me, hasn't he?	他要向我提要求，对不对？
You don't deserve my help.	你不值得我帮助。
And the baby daddy? 	孩子父亲是？ 
There's a letter for her too. 	这封信也麻烦你给她。 
Be careful on your way down, 	下去的时候小心， 
An analysis of the labor relations of simple control in state-owned industrial enterprises.	国有工业企业简单控制型的劳动关系分析。
I didn't have to come back here. 	我不必回来的。 
These restrictions are made in order. To provide an introductory treatment of a large topic.	作这些限制是为了对一个大的课题提供初步的论述。
Listen, you were the one that brought the picture. 	你还带照片来了呢。 
If you want to say something about the case. Then go ahead. 	如果你想说案子，说吧。 
Mine, too. 	也伤了自己的。 
Right, right no, I... 	是啊，是啊不，我... 
He was quickly stopped when he tried to intercede.	当他试着说情时很快被制止了。
He smiled? Dude. 	他微笑了？哥们啊。 
She lives right off riverside park.	她住河畔公园旁边。
Her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out. 	他丈夫在福罗里达被判死刑。我帮了点忙。 
But she made me understand that our journey had come to an end. 	但是她让我明白我们的路已经走到了尽头。 
Because most people speak English.	因为大多数人都说英语。
But trichet is betting that the lack of liquidity in these two normally liquid debt markets is just a temporary phenomenon, and that the ecb's actions would help bring investors back to the table in short order.	但特里谢却断言，这两个原先流动性正常的债务市场缺乏流动性只是临时现象，欧洲央行的措施将帮助这两个市场迅速将投资者吸引回来。
It's alll right, Megan. Do you hate priests, aunt grace?	好吧，梅格。你讨厌牧师吗，格雷斯阿姨？
Whatever indiscretions I may be guilty of...	不管我对曾经的冲动有多后悔。
I need to get my leg free. 	我要把腿挪出来。 
Who's selling you out for his own gain. 	他为了得利把你都出卖了。 
The lock of hair's being analyzed for DNA.	我把录像带拿去辨认那个女孩。
Yeah, the one you stole off my desk. My pen.	对啊，你从我桌上偷走那支。
I want you to find somewhere safe, and I want you to stay there	你自己先找个安全的地方躲一躲
I don't need an intervention. I'm fine. 	我不需要开导。我没事。 
Tell me everything you know about bloody Mary.	告诉我你知道的有关血腥玛丽的故事。
I said if I was alexis machine, that's exactly what I would do.	我是说，如果我是阿历克斯。莫西斯，我也会那么做的。
Complimentary USA Today? 	提供免费的《今日美国》报 
wouldn't you like to see that brick go through that window?	你不想看看砖头如何穿透那橱窗吗？
 wait till the warm - up's underway 	 一直等到身体暖和
Huh? See? Look at that. see? 	嗯？看见了没？瞧瞧我说什么了？ 
You're patient. A good boat	你很耐心，船不错
You attacked me.	是你攻击我。
Because it's nice!	因为这表示友善！
During summer time, you may start your golf round almost from your own door step. 	在夏季，您几乎可以在自己门前打高尔夫。 
And what jeans might I need for this particular adventure, hmm?	我该穿什么衣服去历险呢？
Driver, advance.	司机，前进。
What is it you always say about Valentine's day? 	你以前都怎么挖苦情人节的？ 
Can you go outside while I change? 	我换个衣服你可以出去吗？ 
Some firms, such as texas instruments, have chosen to go "fab-lite", meaning that they have their own fabs only for certain chips.	一些公司，例如德州仪器（texas instruments），已经选择走“轻晶圆厂”道路，也就是说，他们有自己的只生产特定芯片的晶圆厂。
Twenty - five hundred. We have a new bidder. 	两千五百，我们有了新叫价者。 
But now that same tendency tries their patience.	但是，现在同样的趋向在试验他们的耐心。
But I don't smoke much. 	我抽得不多。 
I don't remember being shot. 	我不记得被枪击。 
Hello? Hi, Mr. Pitt. Is Elaine there? 	喂？嗨，皮特先生。伊莲在吗？ 
Loans will be available for 18 months.	贷款也将在18个月内启动。
We find it hard to believe that someone could be this inept on purpose.	我们觉得很难相信有人会故意这么无能。
I am putt out feeler to see if he would like to work for us.	我正在试探他，看他是否愿意来为我们工作。
In there. He's wasting his time. 	在那里。他只是在浪费时间。 
Why don't you ask your dad? 	干嘛不去问你老爸？ 
Bring your sketch pad. Really? 	带上你的画板去吧。真的？ 
Do you love your daddy's play? No	有庆你不爱听你爹唱戏啊？不爱
What's up, Carlos? 	卡洛斯，你好啊？ 
You could wait in the waiting room and see if someone cancels.	您可以先在候诊室里等候一下，看有没有人会取消预约。
Ugly wretch! Have you got money? 	丑八怪！你有钱吗？ 
It sounds almost like parody a top consultant plastic surgeon spends three months studying models appearing on page 3 of a bestselling british red-top newspaper.	这听起来似乎很滑稽---一位顶级的整型外科医生顾问花了三个月的时间研究了英国最畅销的一份追求轰动效应的报纸上的模特。
Hurry up sew him up! 	快点给他缝起来！ 
on the side that's winning	站在胜利那一边
Why are you making such a big deal out of this, mom?	你为什么发那么大的火，妈妈？
Um, this is work - related? 	嗯，这跟工作有关吗？ 
That's your name, josefina?	josefina那是你的名字吗？
I can't! - OK, OK. 	我不行- 好的。 
Great. It's amazing, actually. 	很好。太神奇了。 
Leave me alone. Get off my back about the jacket. 	别管我。别唠叨我的夹克了。 
I killed him, I swear. 	我杀了他，我发誓。 
Propranolol is very safe. It's been around for more than 40 years, 	心安很安全。大家已经使用40多年了， 
Stop mentioning that place.	你不要老是提起逍遥山。
You can choose a cat ora dog, but not your dad.	你能选只猫或狗，但你没法选爸爸。
So you can take the hotel!	因此你可以接管这个旅馆！
So, you see, I have to stay here, 	所以，我只能呆这， 
Did I just get wink - point shit canned? 	他是不是又给我使了一个坏眼色？ 
As much as I love hosting couples therapy, 	我挺爱给人做情侣心理咨询的， 
Away from this house,	离开这栋房子，
Hanged herself by her pool. 	在水池旁上吊死了。 
Ancient runes is in the same time as divination. 	古代神秘文字学跟占卜学是同一时间上课呀。 
What are yoou fuuck! Iung dooiung?	你他妈干什么呢？
But you never say no to a Pharaoh. 	但是你又怎能拒绝一位法老王呢。 
He needs more time than that, 	因为他需要时间动手所以， 
So the kid, if you were the kid, will reach for it. 	如果你是这个婴儿，你便会伸手去拿。 
It's not that clear cut, David. 	关系别撇得太清，大卫。 
Double bacon, double cheese. 	双份熏肉和奶酪。 
I was thinking about that suicide note, though. 	但我在想那张遗书。 
Contained in this affidavit is true... 	你愿意在上帝面前发誓... 
I take it I'm the halibut. 	我就当自己是比目鱼了。 
You said Hanson was a street hustler. Did he have a record? 	你说过汉森是街头男妓。有记录吗？ 
If Quinn's recent foray into electronic music 	奎恩最近将曲风转向电子摇滚 
You know, that they'd be judged. I wouldn't judge them.	你知道，她们会被评头论足。可是我不会。
I'll totally pay you back for dinner.	晚餐钱我肯定会还给你。
It all seemed to him to have disappeared as though behind the curtain of a theatre.	他感到所有这一切好象都消失在剧院的一块幕布后面。
While his population can only buy radios pre-set to one official frequency, mr kim surfs the web and styles himself as an internet expert.	尽管他的子民们只能购买被预先设定在一个官方频率上的收音机，金正日自己却在网上冲浪，并自诩为互联网专家。
Hey, there's a dude dressed like a superhero fighting a bunch of guys. 	嘿，有个穿成超级英雄的家伙在和一群人打架。 
Can't you talk? What do you think? I don't know.	你不能说句话吗？你有什么意见？我不知道。
I can't keep watch all day and all night. 	我无法整日整夜地看着。 
I think you're as awful as I am.	我认为你就像我一样可怕。
If you had just told us, I mean, maybe we could... Whoa, wait. 	如果你提早告诉我们，我的意思是，也许我们可以...... 哦，等等。 
Got stuck logging tape for red. 	一路都是红灯。 
I didn't want to be at that foster care place. 	我不想在寄养所。 
I can't interact here.	我无法在这里交互。
I want to know where he is at all times, so he's coming with me.	我想知道他的一切行踪，所以要随身带着他。
You must've had a Dick once. 	你以前也一定有过的。 
Tell her it's not so I can get lucky.	告诉她我没什么危险我运气很好。
Never had millet porridge before?	以前从来没有吃过小米粥？
Its top ranks teem with americans.	它的高层大部分是美国人。
Two men, mask slopes, both with rifles. 	两个人蒙面手持步枪。 
You gonna let me die? 	你就这样让我死吗？ 
Inside they found an unconscious mr dikko, and a very much awake israeli anaesthetist.	他们发现失去知觉的狄克库先生和神智非常清醒的以色列麻醉师。
Just... Please come back in. 	先... 快进来。 
Pressure, sharp blow, even a violent sneeze could dislodge it. 	压力、撞击用力打喷嚏都会把它撞歪。 
We're like a family man.   	洛杉矶地下组织就像一家人一样 
I motivated him.	我故意刺激他的。
The remaining six are used execution 	另外六柄专用以处决 
Her long blond hair, tied back as usual, has turned silvery grey.	她的金色长发已经变成了银灰色，像往常一样束在后面。
To March unopposed from Libya eastward all the way to Cairo, 	从利比亚一路向东顺利进军开罗， 
These spiders-and the insects they catch in their web-are potential prey for ants, says researcher professor mark elgar, an evolutionary biologist at the university of melbourne, so it's surprising that ants are never found foraging on the webs of these spiders.	这些蜘蛛和他们捉住的害虫是蚂蚁潜在的猎物，研究员教授mark elgar摩尔本大学的一位进化生物学家说，这太神奇了，蚂蚁从不到这些蜘蛛网跟前来觅食。
Yeah, dude, that's gross. 	是啊，那很恶心的。 
So no, no, there's there's no one else. Okay, then. 	所以没有，没有其他人。那好。 
They tort the foetus from her body.	她腹中的胎儿也不见了。
Lu has recently moved to the city's downtown area.	陆最近搬到了这个城市的闹市区。
It's just so fast! I've never moved in with anyone before.	我们太心急了！我从没和别人同居过。
She outmaneuvered him on this witness stand. 	她在证人席上以计谋胜了他。 
The labor office referred him to the education ministry, which passed him on to the environment ministry, which passed him back to the education ministry, he says.	他说，劳动监察机构让他去找文部省，文部省把他转给环境省，环境省又把他转回给文部省。
Oh, it's nothing. It's something. 	噢，没事。有事。 
All right, let's do this. Let's move fast.	好吧，我们动作快点。
She wouldn't tell my mom, would she?	她不会告诉我妈,对吧？
3) Buffett hasn't been to mt. gox.	3)巴菲特还没用过虚拟货币交易系统Mt.Gox。
I'd be within my rights to shoot you and let you rot in my woods! 	我可以一枪打死你然后让你在树林里腐烂！ 
I've never thought about money as a she.  	我从没把钱想成她 
It is more puzzling that some multinational corporations are also opposed.	更令人困惑的是，一些跨国公司也表示反对。
The developing-country polluters, however, were not a pushover.	然而，发展中国家污染国也不肯轻易作罢。
But you do know these people. 	但你认识他们好不。 
Facing an unpayable debt of two billion yuan ($ 314 million) in mid-september, mr. hu fled to the united states for 20 days.	面对无法偿还的20亿元债务（约合3.14亿美元），9月中旬胡福林出逃美国，躲债20天。
Are you going to see her again? Tonight, for the last time. 	你还要见她么？今晚，最后一次。 
People advising cnooc and sinopec last year said mr. harper's government, in its review of both deals, was particularly interested in understanding whether chinese firms were acting alone, in competition with other chinese state-owned companies, or in cahoots.	在去年为中海油与中石化担任顾问的人士称，在审查这两宗交易时，哈珀政府特别有兴趣了解中国企业是会单独行动与其他中国国有企业竞争还是会联合行动。
Who voted you grand phase master anyway? 	是谁选你做主的？ 
I was. Sir, the suicide bomber is dead. 	是的。阁下，自杀袭击者已经死了。 
Just your guy coming down to watch the restaurant owner's back. 	只是你的人来照看餐馆的生意。 
I made two transactions on the atm ( automated teller machine) today.	我今天在自动提款机上做过两笔交易。
I don't want fine, okay? 	我不想要没事，好吧？ 
Orlando. Is that you? 	奥兰度。是你吗？ 
When you hear the whirring sounds in the air.	当你听到空气中的嗡嗡声。
But you and I, we both wish for the senator's safety. 	但是你和我我们都希望参议院安全。 
He - he just wanted to see what you had on us before I talked to you. 	他就是想在我开口之前知道你们查到多少。 
L don't want him back in the shop no more. 	我再也不想他踏进这店一步。 
This way, he keeps us investigating, and he gets a head start.	他让我们不停地侦查自己却占据主动。
When two people realize their feelings for each other...	当两个人发现他们坠人爱河…
To discover a new land.	发现一块新大陆。
Did she mention seeing anyone who was sick?	她有提过说和带病的人见过面吗？
Check again your equipment.	再查下你的装备。
The chinese military has been conducting simulated cyber battles pitting the "blue army" against "red teams" using virus and mass spam attacks, the pla newspaper liberation army daily said last month.	中国人民解放军报上月宣称，中国军事部一直在指挥模拟网络战，让使用病毒和大量垃圾邮件进攻的“红队”和“蓝军”进行对抗。
I just wanted to say thank you so much for this opportunity.	我真心谢谢你给我这个机会。
Hey. A camera. 	嘿。摄像机。 
Her party won a majority of seats in parliament in 1990, but the military government never allowed it to form a government.	昂山素季所属的政党在1990年的议会选举中赢得了多数席位，但是军政府一直不允许这一政党组阁执政。
Like it's uncommon around here to be a doctor's parents. 	在这儿要做一个医生的父母是不寻常的。 
If you drive me home, I'll sign the fucking paper. 	如果你们开车送我回家，我就签了那该死的文件。 
My grandmother is the most amazing woman I've ever known. 	我奶奶是我遇见过最优秀的女人。 
It's a mask opera about Lord Guan.	关公关老爷的戏。
Why you... Why you do this? 	为什么你…为什么要这样？ 
Other single vegetable juice, unfermented, not cont.	其他未混合的蔬菜汁。
She represents the classic migrant worker of the first wave that came to the coastal cities in the 1980s.	李女士代表着典型的第一代农民工，他们上世纪80年代来到沿海城市打工。
And the biological disciplines that you may encounter map onto this timeline. 	在这条时间线上你能见到生物学不同分科的踪影。 
There's no better illustration of murphy's law than the day-to-day reality of managing the flow of product from order to delivery.	控制从（下）定单到交货的流程的日常工作就是莫菲定律的最好诠释。
You don't pay any attention to what you're told.	你從來不用心聽話。
Were you afraid of being punked out?	害怕被排挤吗？
Gripping interactive Murder Mystery Weekends. 	引人注目的“互动神秘谋杀周末” 
If she was, the court reasoned, she may have consented to her murder and tetsuo would receive a lighter sentence.	如果她是，法院则推断，她可能同意自己被杀，而tetsuo会得到较轻的判决。
Because the one he's telling in there just isn't holding water. 	因为他在里头说的故事可不靠谱。 
I plan on returning the favour. 	我要让他也尝尝这个滋味。 
Conflicting personalities and interests came in way 	个性跟兴趣不同这有很大的关系 
Yesterday when I was leaving the museum 	昨天我正打算离开博物馆的时候 
What we're looking for and what we're not looking for	我们找的是什么不需要的是什么
The hands have fallen down. 	双手已垂下。 
You write it down, don't you? 	你写下来是吧？ 
So I guess the only question is: how forceful did you have to get with him?	唯一的问题是：你是怎么有力的劝服他的？
And there you'lI have to face sacrifices and fight to defend freedom and peace. 	在那里你要誓死保卫和平和自由。 
Bet you're just as bad as Macpherson. 	你八成跟麦克森一样邪恶。 
What is the combination... The combination... 	是什么的结合.. .结合… 
I'm walking tonight. Professor. 	我今晚走回去。教授。 
I am the Metatron. 	我是梅塔特隆 
In the 18th century, for instance, if a person were caught stealing salt, he cound be put in jail.	例如，在18世纪，如果一个人偷盐被抓住，就会被投进监狱。
Yeah, I like the idea of being a table Turner. 	啊，我喜欢颠覆这主意做个桌子颠覆者。 
I'll draft the language.	我来起草声明。
You have to share. I'll give you more later.	你得学着分享我待会再给你。
You know what, Fire them. Fire them now.	你知道怎么办吗？解雇他们。现在就解雇他们。
You know, any cop would have done what we did. 	是个警察都会跟我们一样查他的。 
Would you give me a picture to take with me?	你能否给我一张照片让我随身携带？
Out to win the nomination. 	并不放弃胜利。 
We have a match. That's him. 	完全匹配。就是他。 
So, take a bow. Good. 	好了，鞠躬，好的。 
Drop dead. See? 	去死吧。看见了么？ 
And he must feel that the hopes of an entire city are resting on his shoulders. 	他一定感到整个城市的希望压在他的肩上。 
But you know, hopes, dreams, whatever, 	例如希望梦想什么都行， 
Cash, who will sing Dixie's part? Just give me a second. 	凯什，谁替迪西唱？让我想想。 
You're over this place already? 	你已经准备打包走人了？ 
I love scaring kids in bed. 	我喜欢吓唬睡梦中的小孩。 
Our most distinguished clinical subject...	我们最出名的病人...
Dorchester, Gore park and Adams. 	多彻斯特郡，核心公园和亚当斯历史公园一带。 
The fortress-like building, background center, is a typical chinese pawn shop, according to the flickr user repo man.	根据网络像簿的使用者雷普曼的看法，这栋背景的中心堡垒式的建筑是典型的中国当铺。
And so great was david's fear of god that day, that he said, how may I let the ark of god come to me?	那日，大卫惧怕神，说，神的约柜怎可运到我这里来。
Moreover its expanding share of the market is coming at the expense of america and britain, the headquarters of sotheby's and christie's respectively.	此外，其在艺术品市场上不断扩大的份额，也正在逼近美国与英国的交易额，而这两国分别是索斯比与克里斯蒂的大本营。
I got your voicemail to meet you here.	我收到你的留言说在这里等你。
And ultimately, you gave him a different view of the city.	最后你让他换了个不同视角看这座城市。
When I finally found my real father, he filled in all the missing pieces. 	当我查出我真正的父亲时，就会水落石出。 
Never turn the engine at the crankshaft without guide and tensioning rails.	没有导轨和张紧轨时，请勿转动曲轴上的发动机。
Suddenly he had a new idea.	、他遽然念到了一个新主见。
Hours later, she placed a call to 911 from her office, 	几个小时后，她从办公室打了电话报警， 
Tables and screaming 	像是做得出杀人砍头的事情 
But they're still letting vodka through, right? 	但是他们还是会允许伏特加入港的吧？ 
We believe the royal vault is just beyond the wall. 	我们相信王室墓穴就在这堵墙背后。 
And once that trust is broken, it's very very hard to get back.	一旦信任破裂，就很难很难重建。
If you must be in the sunlight, use the strongest filter cream you can get.	如果一定要呆在太阳底下的话，就擦上你能买到的防晒系数最高的防晒霜。
You know, I am ashamed of what happened.	你知道，我对所发生的一切很羞愧。
Recounts activation problems from houston to san francisco.	叙述了从休斯敦到旧金山激活问题。
What? You find it funny? No, laugh. 	你觉得好笑吗？好你笑吧。 
Rural chinese remain frugal when it comes to spending on items from white goods to cars, because they are focused on providing their own safety net for health costs and retirement, the survey found.	调查发现，对于白色家电和汽车等大件商品，中国农村人士仍十分不舍得支出，因为他们需要专注于在医疗费用和退休方面自行构筑安全网。
You deserve to see what comes of it yourself, and you will. 	你应当勇敢承担无论成败，如论如何。 
Uh - uh, I have spent the entire day on Epicurious.	我整天都泡在美食网。
Hoplite, phalanx, and centurion 30% faster.	重装步兵、方阵兵和百夫长快30%。
won't hear from him.	不会再收到他的讯息了。
I think I even use his tampons. 	我都用过他代言的卫生棉。 
You want out of the deal, there's the door. 	如果你不想掺和进来门就在那里。 
So I kept on hitting him, mother! 	所以就继续打他，妈妈！ 
Walk a mile in her shoes.	穿她鞋行一英里。
Well, no... His grandfather dropped it all ing 29... Panicked.	呃，也不是……他的祖父在29年经济危机的时候……失去了一切。
How very kind of you. 	你实在太好了。 
Guest room includes microwave and refrigerator. 	客房内提供微波炉和冰箱。 
Whether you are scrapbooking with a child one on one or with a few children, you have the opportunity to really listen to them.	无论你是剪贴簿与孩子一对一或几个孩子，你有机会真正听取他们的意见。
Room at the Capricorn motel.	在摩羯星汽车旅馆。
What is it about you that feels the need 	是什么让你想要 
You can't let your ethnic narrow - mindedness	你不能让你狭隘的种族观
We're both single. No, I don't find you particularly attractive,	我们都是单身。虽然你并不很喜欢我，
Laboulaye was known in France, this is nothing to do. 	拉布拉亚是在法国，只是一个小地方。 
Today's woman is a total mess.	如今的女人是一团乱麻。
Tangier is the spot we have been longing for all the time.	丹吉尔是我们向往已久的地方。
I saw you take him away. 	把尸体弄走。 
Oh, please stay. My, my baby. 	别走，我的宝贝。 
He still on?	他还在打？
I spoke to both sets of grandparents. 	我和两边的祖父母都谈过了。 
Let's get out here. Fucking hell!	快离开这.去他妈的！
According to a form 4 filed with the sec on thursday, disney ( dis) ceo robert iger received as part of his new position on apple's board of directors 142 restricted shares that vest next february.	苹果公司（Apple）上周四提交给美国证券交易委员会（SEC）的Form4文件显示，迪士尼（Disney）首席执行官罗伯特•伊格将加盟苹果董事会，并获赠142股可于明年2月行权的受限股。
But not lately. Maybe they're making a comeback.	后来就没见过了。也许又卷土重来了吧。
Ah, this takes me back.	啊，这令我回想起。
I'm a Roman. What's the news in Rome? 	我是罗马人罗马发生了什么事？ 
I learned to walk in darkness. 	我学会了在夜间行走。 
Shell Cottage provides the perfect retreat from the hustle and bustle of London.	谢尔农舍为想要躲避伦敦的忙碌喧嚣的人们提供了一个绝佳的休闲之所。
The only person I've had sex with is my wife.	我只和我妻子做爱。
Fillmore is a great halfway point between Salt Lake City and St. George and an easy drive to Las Vegas or the North Rim of the Grand Canyon. 	菲尔莫尔县是盐湖城和圣乔治的一个重要中间站，开车去拉斯维加斯或大峡谷北缘都非常便利。 
Atropine in keep tilming. I'll bring him back. 	注射阿托品摄像机别停。我救他回来。 
If you see a shark, just hit it in its snout. 	如果你看到鲨鱼，你只管打它的鼻子。 
Hang on a second. I have to go in the other room. 	别挂。我得换个房间跟你说。 
I'm just a starving actress from boulder, Colorado.	我只是个一文不名的小演员出身是科罗拉多的博德这样的小地方。
She wants more.	她要的不止几个月。
My prosecution team and I have produce more than enough evidences to prove the participation of the accuses in these criminal actions.	我以及我们检查团的全体同仁已经出示了足够的证据来证明这些被告都对这些罪行负有责任。
The solihull report to the minister, tell him the truth? 	把索里赫尔工程报告给大臣看，告诉他真相？ 
3.00 mile(s) from Babycakes Cafe, coffee shop, American, open for: breakfast, lunch, 	距 Babycakes Cafe 3.00 英里，咖啡店，美式，营业范围：早餐、午餐 
This paper, starting with the differences between the library science and the file science, analyses the differences between the two from the object of study, patry spirit, legal guarantee, organizational office, object of service and functions and developmental conditions between the two.	本文以图书馆学与档案学之间的差异性为契入点，从研究对象、政治性、组织机构、服务对象与职能以及发展状况等方面分析了两者之间的差异性。
Well, we're wondering if...	我们觉得奇怪是否...
Secret? What, are you kidding me? Hell, no.	秘密？你不是开玩笑吧？当然不是。
Guys,what do we do to gringos	伙计们，我们该怎么对待这个
That's far too close to call. We'll have to wait for the photo. 	太接近了，看不出来我们要等待照片出炉。 
That cracker mob back there, 	有班人在后面拉绳子， 
We're Iucky it was nothing serious. That's the end of it. 	很幸运没有伤着人。就别说了。 
Um, yeah, I'll meet up with you later. 	嗯，我待会来找你们。 
Are you going to tell me about it? 	你准备告诉我吗？ 
Because they're crappy. 	因为它碍手碍脚的。 
The novel does contain some awkward phrasing.	小说里也出现了一些别扭的措词。
The boy accidentally spattered the floor with paint.	那个男孩不小心将颜料泼撒了一地。
You got a wife, young son at home. 	你家里有一位妻子和年幼的儿子。 
When he puts his mind to it.	你一定会大吃一惊的。
If you don't, you'll end up in tears 	如果你们做不到你们就会以痛哭而结束 
Okay, oddly enough, I actually understood that.	好吧，说也奇怪，我真的可以理解这点。
You know how she gets when she wants something.	你知道她想要一些东西时会变得怎么样。
Benelli ceo pierluigi marconi resigned last summer-in protest, according to people familiar with the matter.	据知情人士说，贝纳利首席执行长马可尼（pierluigi marconi）去年夏天辞职，以示抗议。
I wander around I am wandering from here to there 	我四处漂泊流浪居无定所 
I went there with my dad once. 	我和我爸去过一次。 
If you screwed Michelle. 	我介不介意的方式。 
Yep, just, uh, take that nasty, dead bird and throw him in the trash. Easy - peasy.	对，只要把这恶心的死鸟拿起来扔进垃圾堆里就行。小菜一碟。
Officially, we're not on U.S. Soil. 	严格意义上我们还不在美国国土上。 
Steven, our house! 	斯蒂芬，我们的房子！ 
I mean, it's - it's - eerie. 	我是说，这真是-真是-太可怕了。 
Calling the closure "a despicable precedent", mr li also accused authorities of timing their move in the run-up to the lunar new-year holiday in hopes that it would attract little attention.	李先生称这次的关闭事件开了一个卑鄙的先例，同时他还谴责当局把行动的时间选在了阴历新年来临之际，因为这样可以不那么引人注目。
I am an animal trainer 	我是个驯兽师 
You've got to shake it off. 	你别说这些行不行。 
Old is gold, understand?	日久弥新，懂吗？
It is going to be a really interesting evening for me to see 	今晚一定很有趣我很想看看 
Bobby, l can't! Yes, you can. 	博比，我不能！不，你可以的。 
You should have fun tonight. 	你今晚应该要好好享乐一下。 
The Taliban or these spiders? 	你说哪个更坏些？ 
That sucks. And? 	太糟了。然后呢？ 
It's this Friday it's going to be the night of your life.	就在星期五晚上你会终生难忘的。
I know, but she didn't. I tested all the tissue. 	我知道，但是她没有。我测验过所有的组织了。 
Or if you want to write letters home, let me know.	或者是帮你寄信回家。
Real wrastling, boys, is this. 	孩子们，真正的摔跤，是这个。 
We just have to keep doing what we're doing 	我们只要继续做我们该做的事情 
I wish I could take every one of you home with me. Thank you. 	但愿我能带你们回家，谢谢。 
Well, all right, tell me who is he? 	嗯，好，告诉我他是谁？ 
We'll know something very soon. 	我们很快会得知情况。 
It's now or never, boys.	给你们最后一次机会，伙计。
But I'm gonna ask you one more time just for fun.	但是我要再问一次就当取乐
But not the last two victims. 	但是不包括最后两个受害者。 
They will bully you and snub you and patronize you.	她们会欺负你瞧不起你但是也会资助你。
Do you know who her husband is?	你知道她老公是谁吗？
For the next fifty years most of the outstanding natural science teachers in the united states were pupils of agassiz or one of his students.	在以后的五十年里，美国大多数杰出的自然科学教师都是阿加西的学生或是他学生的学生。
Why would you lie to me about working all night?	为什么要骗我整晚都在工作？
How the hell does it eat when it gets to the nibbles ready-to-eat?	当它到了狗食那里要吃东西的时候，它怎么吃东西？
It's good. You just - you know - 	很好。你们- 
So what is in case? Chemical?	箱子里是什么？化学品？
On a sweltering day in alexander city, alabama, summer school was in full swing.	这是阿拉巴马州亚历山大炎热的一天，暑期学校正在火热进行中。
Don’t know. They tell you the night before.	我不知道，他们只是在前一天晚上告诉你。
Big bucks on a lieutenant's salary. 	上尉可是花个大价钱。 
It was the night of the 1 2th. 	十二号当天晚上。 
This was displayed at the bon marche department store in france.	这曾在法国“很划算”百货公司展示的。
Well, I am now. Why would you tell me that?	啊，我开始紧张了。你为啥非得告诉我你没上过脱口秀呢？
Cordon off the area from midnight. Are you clear on that? 	从午夜开始封锁这个区域。明白没有？ 
20.00 mile(s) from M Diamond Ranch Horseback Riding, will pick up at the hotel 	距M Diamond Ranch Horseback Riding 20.00 英里，提供酒店接送服务 
Yes. It's one of the things that I loved about him. 	是的，那正是我爱他的原因之一。 
It works. Come here, you little winner. 	有效果嘛。过来，小赢家。 
I was bored and frustrated, and I was not feeling particularly pretty. 	当时我很无聊，很沮丧，心情很差。 
Okay. She's okay. She's okay.	她没事。她没事。
One set, and only one set, 	另外一组，只有这组， 
Early or late?	早上还是晚上？
But now I've got more questions than answers. 	我更加困惑了。 
Think about that shit, dawg. 	动脑子想想，老兄。 
As hailey daniswicz flexes her thigh muscles, electrodes attached to her send messages to a computer avatar to flex its knee and ankle-parts of her leg missing for six years.	只要hailey daniswicz屈曲大腿，肌肉信号便会通过附着在身体上的电极传递到计算机模拟系统中，模拟她的膝关节和踝关节的运动她六年痛失的肢体。
Value is 0, so having done it at the end 	所以在知道了到期后价值之后 
This project coincides rather neatly with the tourist board's global television campaign that you may already have seen.	与上述计划同步进行的还有该旅游局发起的全球电视宣传活动。
Who is this he? 	“他”是谁？ 
And the chairman was forced to publicly withdraw a letter to employees about the suicides the night before that was seen by some as insensitive.	郭台铭还被迫在前一天晚上公开收回了一封被一些人视为麻木不仁的致员工信。
Emirates will also have the biggest fleet of the biggest airliners.	阿联酋航空还将成为最大的航空公司中拥有最大型机群的公司。
He is the wisest man who does not think himself so.	不自以为聪明的人是非常聪明的人。
Hey! Can you read? 	嗨！你认识字吗？ 
As his friends knew, he'd been suffering from depression and paranoia for the last year of his life.	因为他的朋友们都知道，在他生命旅途的最后一年，他一直无法摆脱抑郁和妄想症的困扰。
Objection to the reading, judge. 	反对重读法官。 
A doctor will be called for your child.	我们马上为你叫医生。
Taesk is good. 	太植是个好小伙。 
You know what we need - 	你知道我们需要什么 
I can't stop you! What is' that sort of thing"?	我拦不住你！什么叫“之类的”？
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop talking!	住口！住口！别说话！
In 2007 spain had the largest current-account deficit in the world outside america.	2007年，西班牙是除美国外遭受世界最大经常项目赤字的国家。
I was in many ways going through the motions of a confident leader. My body was there and my instincts acute, but I was operating on fumes.	从很多方面来看，我的举止都很像一个信心十足的领导者，似乎身体健康，头脑敏锐；但事实上，我已经严重透支。
What, no thanks for saving your ass?	怎么，不谢谢我救了你一命？
We have to spoil it...	我们要破坏它...
Howeer, aerosol droplets were larger, total drug and mass outputs were lower and aerosolization performance was dependent on formulation.	然而，雾滴比较大，总的药品及质量产量比较低，并且雾化过程依赖于处方。
So no wonder he fucked off and left me to pick up the pieces.	就一走了之留下我来拉扯你长大。
LI found the keys and now I'm just polishing her up. 	我捡到钥匙，现在在帮它打腊。 
To ease the traffic congestion.	以缓解交通拥堵。
And stroked my hair? 	穿过我的头发？ 
I'm just working. Working here.	我只是工作在这里工作
We'll see who folds like an origami shrimp. 	我们看到时点头哈腰的是谁。 
You vaguely recall the imperfect subjunctive. 	你只是似懂非懂地乱拼凑。 
If you hadn't interceded I'd be in the hands of a tyrant. 	如果不是你，调解我，还在暴君的手中。 
But you took something from all of us, too. 	但是你也从我们所有人那里夺去了一些东西。 
Instead they should border on art.	相反，它们应该近似于艺术。
I'm fine. I'm excellent. Why	我很好。我非常好。怎么
Well you have to stick with it. 	你得持之以恒。 
About what? Lots of things.	关于什么？许多事。
Just think of it as a precaution, like a seat belt. 	把它当做防护就好了，就象安全带。 
We regularly work with employees of state and federal agencies as well as private manufacturing businesses to put together flawless meetings. 	我们经常与国家以及联邦机构人员，以及民营制造企业共同合作，成功举办会议。 
Brout died in 2011, but the four others are still alive-and all are in the running for the nobel prize.	布鲁死于2011年，但其它四人仍然活着，且所有人都有望获得诺贝尔奖。
In any given year, the company polls consumers on about 8000 brands, the company said.	明略行说，在任何特定一年里，该公司都会对消费者就约8000个品牌进行调查。
It's most probably a kidnap.	因为绑票的机会相当大。
The biggest tip he ever got was a glazed ham.You got $1,000.	但他收到的最高小费就是一个蜜汁火腿。而你给了1000美金。
Do you have a licence for that little one? - yes. 	你孩子办的有出生证明吗？- 有的。 
I didn't ask you to whimper, you bastard! 	我没让你哭，混蛋！ 
Best of the Best Winner 2005 & 2006! 	2005年和2006年最佳奖得主! 
Someone saved my life.	有人救了我。
We were going for more of an open conference area 	为什么？我们理念不是严肃的会议室而是开放的会议区 
Which makes them almost impossible to track.	这就使得几乎不可能追踪他们了。
Because he was betraying everybody and I kept wondering 	因为他一直不停地在背叛我真想不通 
Though romps usually only last for 10 seconds, the process is repeated up to 40 times a day.	每次大概持续10秒，但这个过程每天要重复40次左右。
We all speak Arabic. God help us! 	我们全说阿拉伯话。老天！帮帮忙吧！ 
We? I can fly! 	我们？俺会飞！ 
When you see him. Could you do that? - Sure. 	当你遇见他的时候。可以吗？-没问题。 
A depressed and indebted country in the late 1980s suddenly became the bubbly celtic tiger of the 1990s.	20世纪80年代后期一个不景气且负债累累的国家突然变成了90年代的泡沫凯尔特之虎。
The ones he was conducting on sleeping?	关于睡眠的实验？
Looks like I'll have to get in the fucking queue, though. 	不过，看来我还得排队等等。 
Like a shimmering nymph traveling the back of the wind. 	就似全身发光的仙女踏风而来。 
Hey, wait, wait, wait, Ronny - boy. 	嘿，等等，等等，等等，伙计。 
Does anyone have anything sharp?	有人有尖锐利器吗？
I made thee miserable	我真是把你推入火坑
Government agencies have already called for a full investigation.	有关部门正展开全面调查。
So I switched him back to morphine. 	所以我又给换成吗啡了。 
What? About the contract? 	什么？合约的事吗？ 
Google's plan to digitise copyrighted texts has run into serious legal problems in the us.	谷歌数字化受版权保护的文字的计划曾在美国遇到了严重的法律问题。
Where's my mum? 	我妈妈去哪了？ 
I'm not talking about my record.	我不是在说我的记录。
Is anything good supposed to happen to me?	有任何好事会发生在我身上吗？
Good night, my little one.	晚安，我的小家伙。
Sure you want to take t there, ciyde?	你真的想玩这个吗？克莱德？
Since her specialty is it recruiting, coffey is keenly aware of the number of jobs currently going unfilled due to a scarcity of skilled candidates, particularly in the east and the midwest.	虽然科菲的专业是IT招聘，但她很清楚，由于有经验的求职者数量不足，所以职位空缺的数量依然很大，特别是在东部和中西部地区。
Look, it's been a... 	别误会，这是一个。。。 
You gotta take responsibility for your life. 	你得为自己的人生负责。 
Well, I am sorry, but I have to leave you, too.	好吧，不好意思，但是我也得离开你了。
I know you have something to say. - okay. 	我知道你心里憋着很多话。- 好啊 
Sleek women in Positano!	波西塔诺的迷人女郎！
Why did they hire you for a rodeo? 	他们为什么会雇你去牛仔竞技会？ 
I never imagined that there'd be such a place on campus. 	我从来不知道大学里还有这么个地方。 
Reallocate CIA resources 	利用中情局的资源 
I'm afraid your father and I changed his plans. 	恐怕你父亲和我改变了他的计划。 
Nobody has our comms.	不会有人有我们的通讯器。
You're kidding me. Is he smoking his own shit?	你当真。他活得不耐烦了吧？
Unit two get an eyeball on that chopper.	注意那台直升机。
He's a full - fledged American. 	他成了一个资格充分的美国人了。 
When do you get off from school? 	你什么时候从学校出发？ 
Let's go check.	我们走去看一下。
don't play stupid! I'll beat your ass. 	别装傻了！我要揍你了。 
It's an old rusty 23 - millimetre with spiked barrels.	是门又旧又锈的23毫米炮炮管已经打烂了。
Take these goods away 	把这些货押走 
I once thought hurtfully that I have come to the wrong world.	曾灰心以为我来错了世界。
That's ridiculous. This party it totally tame. 	太可笑了。我们都很安分的。 
Great wall has announced a joint venture with coda automotive, a californian firm, to make electric cars for the global market.	长城汽车则宣布与加利福尼亚州的科达汽车合资，共同开发面向全球的电动汽车。
Including Heller's murder, could never be traced back to him. 	包括海勒的死，都查不到他头上。 
Boss, I don't see you. 	头儿，没见你人呢。 
I do, but I didn't wanna waste this awesome outfit. 	我是讨厌可我不想浪费我这身华丽的行头。 
The nuclear weapons shield pakistan from accountability.	核武器保护巴基斯坦免担责任。
But what else are they. I mean, how else would you classify them?	但他们有什么不同呢。你要怎样划分等级呢？
The horse blew short after the race.	马赛跑后直喘。
I can't lift my arms.	我的手举不起来。
I don't wanna spend the entire day 	我不想把一整天的时间花在 
Stop at the fish shack on the way back. 	回来路上，吃吃海鲜。 
Your wife's alone in Paris, 	你妻子一个人留在巴黎， 
I don't know if it's God will that we should cross this ocean.	我不知道是不是上帝的意愿让我们应该横跨大洋。
Our two double bedded room offers a 32-inch HD LCD TV, MP3 alarm clock radio, microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker and free high-speed Internet. 	我们的双人床客房提供32英寸高清液晶电视、MP3闹钟收音机、微波炉、冰箱、咖啡壶、免费的高速网络。 
It was like a, a salesman's case. 	就像一个，一个推销员的箱子一样。 
All the way from Chi - town out of the goodness of his heart. 	从芝加哥大老远到这只出于他一番好意。 
Some of the investing world's top names disclosed their stockholdings on monday, and there were a few surprises.	周一投资界的一些大亨披露了他们的持股情况，其中有些情况让人有点意外。
Really? Then why isn't it listed in the tower chiefs log?	是吗？那为什么指挥塔的日志没有记录？
The court hasn't released the autopsy result's yet	法庭至今都没公布尸检报告
This type of fixture went out of style and is now a drug on the market.	这种装置的式样已经过时了，现在已成为一种滞销货。
To set the record straight, I didn't put a fatwa on you. 	把话说清楚了。我没对你下约会禁令。 
My house is nearby 	我家就在附近 
And in science there's no prize for second place.	在科学界，第二名是得不到奖励的。
Screw down the lid fairly tightly.	把盖子拧紧。
Is that you, Cyril? It is. 	是西瑞尔吗？没错。 
The iaea has a five-page document describing experimentation on such a hemispherical array of explosives.	而国际原子能机构存有一份长达5页的文件说明这类半圆爆炸物的实验数据。
Medical supplies for money, I never gave them 	卖医疗用品赚钱，我从没给过他们 
He never shut up about you. 	他张嘴闭嘴都是你。 
Impressed? - Overly impressed. 	很棒吧？- 简直棒呆了。 
Kid's not saying anything at all. 	孩子则什么也没说。 
You don't have to spend your life singing at weddings just because you have a silky voice.	仅仅因为有一副嘹亮的嗓子，你不必一辈子在参加人们婚礼时唱歌。
Back there at that plantation, Candyland, there was an $11,500 fortune, 	在糖果农场种植园，藏着价值11500的宝藏， 
You are really nuts.	你真是笨透了。
Yeah, we're going on three months now.	我们谈了三个月了。
So when exactly did you decide to get back with me exactly? - I'm not telling you. 	你在什么时候决定回到我身边的？- 我不会告诉你的。 
The foxes ultimately fell short at the play-off stage, but the wirral-born schemer believes his time at the walkers stadium will prove beneficial in his development.	最终狐狸军团在附加赛冲超失败，但是威勒尔岛出生的他相信自己在漫步者球场的经历将对自己的成长有利。
Yo, bing! Racquetball in 20 minutes.	钱兄弟，二十分钟後打壁球。
I want to help you. And you can help me help you	我想帮你。你能让我帮助你
Uh, when I stand up, apparently.	好吧，当我站起来时，显然。
He defines asexuality as a complete lack of sexual attraction.	他将“无性恋”定义为完全感受不到性吸引力。
His eyes glinted dangerously in the light of the torches.	他的眼睛闪闪发光危险在火炬光。
This is one first lady who will never fade into the background, as she proved on election night in scarlet narciso rodriguez ( center).	这是永远不会隐没在人群中的第一夫人，她在竞选日晚上穿的这件红色的narciso rodriguez（中间）就是完美的证明。
And he answered that it was impossible to know for sure. 	他回答说没有办法得到肯定的答案。 
The dragon person is self confident and impulsive and consequently does not always listen to the advice of others.	龙人是自信和冲动因此总是不听其他人的劝告。
But he's a sociopath. 	他是个反社会的疯子。 
Relax in unmatched comfort and heightened luxury in our deluxe smoking king suites. 	我们的奢华特大号床吸烟套房无比舒适兼具奢华感。 
You know, when we first started looking into this, 	你知道，当我们刚开始调查这个组织时， 
They don't look like lightning marshals to me. 	我觉得他们不象马歇尔夫妇。 
Andre, no. No. Bad! 	安德鲁，别这样。这样不好！ 
Isn’t nothing more damn frightening than driving with a cougar in the car.	有什么比和美洲狮一起开车更恐怖的呢。
It started right after I got back, so about eight months ago. 	从我回来就开始了，所以大概有八个月了。 
I didn't say it was your fault. You're not listening to me. 	我没说是你的错。你根本就不听我说什么。 
I am taking you downtown! 	我要直捣黄龙！ 
First order logic is a philosophical system of reasoning using "if / then" statements as quantifiers or predicates. 	一阶逻辑是用“如果/ 那么”作为限量或谓词来推测的哲学推论。 
If you don't believe me you go get it first! 	如果不相信我们，你先拿去吧！ 
Hurry back, I miss you already. 	快点回来，我已经开始想你了。 
Oh, okay, so now I'm a liar. 	哦，好吧，我现在是个大话精了。 
She's not on antibiotics?	她不是没吃抗生素吗？
No, I don't. Heated debate?	不，我没有吵什么呢？
I may have to take this grease ball's money, but I don't have to like it. 	我可能不得不拿这个意大利血统的人的钱，但是我不用喜欢这个。 
And be part of my task force.	假如我的特勤队。
You don't think it's just posturing?	你不觉得那只是吓唬人的？
You have to go. - I will not leave you alone.	你得离开- 我不会丢下你一个人。
I Think the teller's already spotted him.	我看银行柜员们已经盯上他了。
My sister cheats on weIfare by pretending one of her kids is still alive... 	我姐姐靠着谎报子女的生存数目来骗领福利…… 
Why are you talking to me like I'm not one of them? 	为什么你会这么说？就像我不是他们中一员一样？ 
This is show business.	我们身处的可是演艺圈。
Bound. Bound her to the post. 	是绑把她绑在柱子上。 
Anyway he beat this guy so bad he died. 	他把那人痛打至死。 
Did I say no meringue? 	我刚才有提到不要蛋白甜饼吗？ 
Yes, I have dined and bathed with him upon many occasion. 	是啊，我常和他一同就餐沐浴 
I can't go from a shot of you walking normal to one in which you go in a plaster!	你一开始走路还好好的现在打石膏我要怎么拍！
We look for more than just the evidence.	我们要找的不只是物证。
20 mile(s) from Mosconi Convention Center 	距洛杉矶会议中心 20 英里 
I just chased somebody else out of here. 	我刚把一个人从这儿赶出去。 
We were partners for seven years. 	我们做合作伙伴已经7年了。 
No, they just convinced you that he's a brilliant man!	不，是他们使你相信他是个智者”！
Not all of the world's unconnected masses are an immediate target for providers.	并非所有全世界未接入网络的群众都会成为运营商短期的目标。
We're gonna be homeys, right? 	我们会相处得很愉快，对吗？ 
most wicked speed, to post	好奸恶的速度
Over three years, that'll more than make up 	三年后将会多出27个人来补充不足的人手 
That's one possible scenario. The fractures are small.	不排除这种可能。但骨折不是很严重。
Says me. I've been here half an hour. I'd call that first dibs.	我说的。我来这里已经半个小时了。所以我先了。
Political prisoners held in tcz never released	关在完全控制区的是政治犯，永不释放。
And at least one kid's locked in a cabinet.	孩子被锁在柜子里。
Over a thousand images of "hot BOD" on his photo file.	储存了一千多张" 艳照。
At first I thought you were talking about the Judy 	我以为你说的朱迪 
10 Habits we should all adopt starting tomorrow!	从明天开始，我们都应该养成的十个好习惯
You knew? I knew.	你知道我在撒谎？当然。
I didn't hear the doorbell. 	我没听见门铃响啊 
I know I'm better than this. 	我知道我不是普通人。 
More conscious of my sexual delivery. 	我对性感的诠释。 
Use any resources you have to find him. 	利用所有资源找他。 
So when did he dose you with the heroin? 	他什么时候给你注射的海洛因？ 
We'll even go for a swim. In the sea? 	我们甚至会游个泳。在海里？ 
Addicted to the knife? 	对刀子上瘾？ 
One at a time he could look elsewhere but... 	他大可看别处，可是他都没有…… 
I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to him.	我不是和你说话，我是在跟他说。
He's a ward of Orleans penitentiary... 	他是奥尔良监狱的守卫... 
children aren't a part of the bargain, Mattie. 	孩子的事不是筹码。 
A few of us are going up after work to check him out. Come along. 	我们几个下班会去听。你也来吧。 
I've been waiting all day for you to mention that kiss... I gave you last night. 	我等你谈昨晚那个吻…已经等了一整天。 
Because, you know, from where I was, down on the street, 	你知道我在下面守着， 
Now a group of parents in sevenoaks has collected 2200 signatures, forcing kent county council to take seriously their campaign for a new grammar school.	现在，一群橡树镇的家长征集了2200个签名，要求肯特郡议会认真考虑他们建新文法学校的活动。
I'm going to be a hair designer 	我要做个发型设计师 
We're not gonna find him here anyway	我们在这儿是别想找到他了
I've heard of the car show.	我只听过车模。
I'm fair sure you Haven't shot anyone yet.	我十分确定你还是没开过枪。
I know, it's just I couldn't handle school and work at the same time. 	我知道呀，可是我实在没办法同时又上学又打工。 
He said he wonn't even try anything until I'm ready.	他说不会强迫我做任何事。
Her watch has a timer on it to remind you.	她的表上有一个计时器提醒你。
I am prohibited from talking about it... Doctor - patient confidentiality. 	我不能跟你谈论这些，医患保密协议。 
I'll do my best, I swear, to make you proud.	我发誓，一定全力工作，你会为我感到骄傲的。
When she should have been knitting for me.	结果织好了就给你穿了。
Right. Bye. Good luck. 	先走了。好运。 
No, I want to work with you. I understand that you're scared.	不，我想跟你一块干。我明白你害怕。
Yes, but... I thought so.	是，但是... 我这么想。
Might be both suicidal and homicidal?	不是完全不可能的吧
I look at your jumbo tot, and I feel nothing. 	我对于你的马铃薯无感。 
I'm someone who knows. Listen, you need to find an attorney. 	我是知情人。听着，你需要找律师。 
She realized none of us is perfect forever. 	她意识到了没有人是永远完美的。 
Sure, you're talented and passionate.	当然，你有天份有热情。
You make the final decisions? 	你做最终决定？ 
When your dad gets here, we can discuss options.	你爸爸来了的时候我们讨论一下几种选择。
Fine! Go on in there and tell her that every day is a blessing.	好！走进去告诉她，每一天都是恩赐。
Just watch and learn! 	你只管看着学习！ 
We'll see after we look around. 	我们先看看再说。 
DLet shake, fitness magazines, cookie crumbs on a baking sheet.	健怡奶昔，健康杂志，焙烤铁板上有饼干末。
The way she said the word nigger.	你听见那先生说的。
I saved a guy's life on an elevator last month. 	上个月我在电梯里救了一个人的命。 
Obama has pencilled in the announcement of his breakthrough for either a meeting of world leaders at the un general assembly in new york in the week beginning 23 september or the g20 summit in pittsburgh on 24-25 september.	奥巴马已经准备好向出席于9月23日于纽约召开的联合国例会或是于9月24、25日在匹兹堡举行的g20峰会上的世界领导人展示他的突破性成果。
I couldn't saddle her with two of you. 	我不能把两个都交给她负担着啊 
The report contains all the Bureau has on... - a Japanese woman? 	在这份报告里有所有关于…-一个日本女人？ 
And now never again will we board her at cowes and go down into her dining saloon for a fine breakfast of bacon and eggs.	现在，我们再也不能到考斯去搭这条船了，走进它的餐厅去叫一份熏咸肉加鸡蛋的精致早餐。
I went to the doctor today. I have mono. 	我今天去看医生了。我得了疱疹。 
If inspector Clouseau were to leave France, 	如果我离开法国， 
That means dealing not only with missiles and bombings but also with demographics, land usage and history.	这意味着不仅仅要考虑那些导弹这些武器，同时还要将人口特征，风土人情和历史纳入考虑范畴。
All right. Go on, fuck off. 	好吧。继续，该死的。 
Your corsage is in the fridge.	你的胸花在冰箱里。
Thanks to a big government shipyard nearby, his plant was able to hire world-class welders.	其工厂附近有一家政府持有的造船厂，这样通用公司就能雇佣一些世界级的电焊工。
The fresh blood that we need for our community	注入我们需要的新鲜血液
She was not pleased. 	她并不满意。 
Where? Tell me, quick!	在哪？快说！
I just figured it out, man.	我刚刚想出它，老兄。
I'm just tired and the soup was too rich.	我只是太累了，汤也太浓了。
A square formed between the sun and pluto shows a tendency for willfulness to build up in your nature.	太阳跟冥王星之间形成的刑相位显示你个性中所建立的倔强倾向。
Taiwanese and chinese producers are developing grand scale and good quality, thus making life harder for their rivals, even though they are only occasionally profitable themselves.	中国大陆和台湾制造商正在大规模、高质量地发展，使得竞争对手的日子却更加难过，尽管他们本身也很少赢利。
We need to find a once-and-for-all solution to the debt problem of develiping countries.	我们需要找出一个一劳永逸的办法来解决发展中国家的债务问题。
Tell you myself.	告诉你我自己。
Get it off my leg! 	把它从我得腿上挪开！ 
Throw everything out 	抛弃先前的一切 
Okay,  let's go. 	好，我们上。 
Drinking? I love that! 	喝酒？我也很喜欢！ 
Let's bring out your models. 	先把你们的模特叫出来。 
The joy of seeing your face in that crowd! 	出现在陌生的人群当中！ 
Can I get you some tea? Something bland to nibble on? 	我给你要点茶吧？或者热的小口喝的饮料？ 
Well, so I know somebody.	好吧，我要找个认识的人呀。
Like an obnoxious, giant dictator?	像个令人厌恶的，独裁者？
Sure I got you. 	当然抱住你了。 
What are you going to do? What I always do.	你要做什么做我一直做的。
The Hotel is a good hotel but,Staff amazing,a very large and clean room but,bar was great 	酒店不错，工作人员超棒，房间又大又干净，酒吧很赞 
I mean you don't have to look for another tenant. 	我是说，你就不需要另找房客了。 
You seem awfully concerned with image.	你看来很在意形象。
Parking for the physically challenged  Eight EUR 	残疾人士停车场，收费8欧元 
Protests spread to the suburb of kanyama and voters started pulling down billboards and campaign posters of candidates of the ruling party.	抗议活动向卡尼亚马郊区蔓延，选民们开始拆毁执政党候选人的广告牌和竞选海报。
No. I'm repulsive.	不。我是令人厌恶的。
Malformations don't cause bloody urine.	但畸形不会导致血尿。
You think he discovered your mom was compiling evidence against him? 	你认为他知道你母亲正在准备证据？ 
But I don't want to go into the haunted place. 	我不想再去那闹鬼的地方了。 
Boat and follow the coast North to the river 	上船并沿着河的北岸 
I put those bangers on the payroll to protect you.	我出钱让人来保护你。
Specialty cocktails, craft beers and a Wine Spectator wine list complement both the restaurant and pub menus. 	特色鸡尾酒、精酿啤酒和《葡萄酒观察家》的葡萄酒单是餐厅和酒吧的菜单的补充。 
Because I don't know where to go.	因为我不知道能去哪里。
So that comes out in the photo, too	因此也就出现在这张透视图上了，
The first train left shanghai at 8:45 a.m. on wednesday, according to shanghai government-run news portal eastday.com, although it didn't carry any passengers.	上海政府官网东方网报道，第一趟试运行列车星期三早晨8:45分驶离上海站，虽然并未搭载任何乘客。
I look at news reports, like all of 'em. 	我查遍，几乎所有新闻报道。 
I think I've figured out a way to get the hood out and into the open.	我想我有办法把帽衫男引出来。
Objective to investigate the relationship and significance of microthromboses in microvessels of submucosa and submucous muscle of large bowel tubular adenomas with age and chronic disease with vessel lesions such as atherosclerosis, hypertension and diabetes mellitus.	结论大肠管状腺瘤微血栓与年龄、动脉粥样硬化、高血压、糖尿病等有血管病变的慢性疾病有关，其意义尚需进一步探讨。
We'd like to recommend our new home health monitor.	我们想推荐我们新出的家庭健康监测器。
It offers the users information about genes which are targets for cancer-causing mutations; proto-oncogenes and tumor supressor genes.	其为用户提供了作为引起癌症突变靶基因、原癌基因和抑癌基因的信息。
Where would he get that idea? 	他从哪儿知道的？ 
I should never have had a fear for her. 	我绝不会为她担心。 
Did Lauren say anything? 	劳伦说什么了吗？ 
But even that would ruin my life. 	但即便是那样也会毁了我的生活的。 
don't be a smartass. Who was his supplier? 	别扮傻瓜。谁是他的供货人？ 
Because you're a fucking interloper 	因为你他妈是第三者 
Relax. Dad said this hunt will take him two weekstops. 	别担心。爸爸说过这次猎鬼最多两个礼拜。 
More like a lone gunman with an accomplice.	更像是一个枪手与一个陪同
Oh, God, I'm such a shit. 	哦，上帝，我就是一个蠢货。 
Reconnaissance officer. - but, general... 	侦察兵。- 但将军… 
For looking at her dance	因为看着她跳舞
I just don't know if I feel comfortable enough	我只是在想把公司的钱
He's dead. That's what matters. But when? 	他已经死了。这才是关键。但具体是什么时候？ 
You would actually send your wife to prison?	你真想把你妻子送去坐牢？
My head's hurting. I'm in pain... 	头疼。我好辛苦... 
A lot of risk, too.	当然，风险也大。
But we're stuck. We're going backwards. 	但我们就停滞不前了开始倒退。 
Even though I Haven't seen you in a few years, you are the closest thing that I have to family.	尽管多年未见，你依然是我最亲近的如家人般的存在。
I've been looking at the wrong '60s. 	原来我一直盯着错误的年代。 
Ma's not gonna like this. 	妈妈可不会喜欢这样的。 
And if it takes picking it up and moving it to Africa 	即使得以搬到非洲为代价 
Come on. Come on, people. Move, move, move. 	快点。快点，大伙。快，快，快。 
She does remember swinging the hatchet 	她的确还记得挥舞斧头 
Mideast turmoil brings soaring oil prices.	中东动荡带来的石油价格飞涨。
Yo, rock. Hey, guys. 	啊，洛奇。嘿，伙计们。 
You know what? I just realized I'm on a break. I'll get someone else.	我觉得再待下去我要疯了我去叫别人来。
Assuming he had any.	假定他还有朋友。
Solid horns, a padding of hollow fibers beneath, and a very thick skull.	结实的犄角的，下面是一块中空弹性的纤维状物质，还有有很厚的颅骨。
May waste the memory of the former times. 	忘记旧日的不快回忆。 
Let me holla at you for a sec. don't you got no time for nobody?	我来帮你提东西吧。你不是没人约你么？
If your boy friend disrelishs you the bosom is small, you can make grand breast?	如果你男朋友嫌你胸小，你会去做隆胸吗？
What are you doing? Sauna? 	你在干嘛？桑拿 
Where do you want to go? I'll drive you.	你想去哪儿？我送你。
As marissa mayer stood with david karp to announce yahoo's acquisition of tumblr on monday, you couldn't help but notice the vast educational divide between the two principals.	梅耶尔以优异成绩毕业于斯坦福大学（Stanford），获得了符号系统学理科学士学位和计算机科学硕士学位。
You realize, deputy director, that in a situation like this  	在这种情况下，你该明白，作为副主管 
Oh, where's he going? 	哦，他要去哪？ 
Like the shapes we made together, it looks right. 	我们一起的摆造型看起来，刚刚好。 
And it was only once. 	只有一次。 
I've always been stared at. I want to walk.	一直被盯着看。我想走路。
All right, Joey,	听着，乔伊，
I'm sure he'll be disappointed.	我敢说他会失望的。
Not a lot of blood.	出血不多。
Investigators this month detained wang yi, a senior official at china development bank and former vice-chairman of china's stock regulator, on alleged corruption charges.	国家开发银行（china development bank）的副行长、前证监会副主席王益因涉嫌腐败在本月被调查部门“双规”。
Bonjour, Mr. Bartholomew.	早上好，巴特罗米尔先生。
And my friends and I are going to fight Kane 	为了与凯恩进行斗争 
To protect your son from a nonbeliever?	你什么都会做吗？
A senior police officer said anti-insurgency rashtriya rifles had surrounded a meadow area in the upper reaches of handwara in north kashmir kupwara district late sunday, during which hiding terrorists fired at the search parties.	一名高级警官称，反叛乱的rashtriya部队星期天晚些时候，在北克什米尔库瓦拉地区的哈德瓦拉上游地区包围了一块牧场，这时隐藏的恐怖分子向搜索队开火。
Where she interviewed everyone who had ever attempted 	她访问了每个曾经试图 
And you know there's always a place for you with us, 	你知道我们这总有你的位置， 
Only one gets hurt. 	只有一个会受伤。 
The hacktivists may do most damage by providing cover for more sinister efforts.	黑客活动因为为一些更为恶性的行为提供屏蔽而造成了更多伤害。
I'm sure he'll turn up. 	他总会来的。 
Think. Focus. You got it? The worst, okay? 	好好想想。集中精力。明白了吗？最坏的，好吗？ 
Whirling atoms embracing in a giddy dance. 	原子连在一起，翩翩起舞。 
Suspects are armed and considered extremely dangerous.	嫌犯持有武器而且判定为极度危险。
Well, can I speak with him? 	呃，我能跟他说话吗？ 
Someone ran a bypass on the electronic gate.	有人打开电子门闯过去了。
He traded shifts to be in the room.	他跟别人换班了。
In folks, people always use it to cure cold, cough, food accumulated, abdominal distension, spleen weakness and other diseases.	民间常用于治疗感冒咳嗽，食积腹胀，脾虚神疲等。
I can be that hero? Yes.	会是我吗？必须的。
An avid idol fan, Quentin is no stranger to the show.	作为一个美偶铁粉，我们对他并不陌生。
I don't know! I got... So I got...	我不知道！我... 我...
Yeah, yeah, kind of. Yeah, she did. She totally did. 	是啊，基本上吧。恩，她都告诉我们了。 
I hear you had a run in with Buffy the vampire.	我听说你碰见了吸血鬼凶婆子。
I get restless. 	我欲火焚身了。 
Yet these excursions in high and low society feel a bit like staged distractions.	然而，在上层洁和下层社会游走让人觉得有点迷乱。
They are the hunters of mers souls. 	他们专门猎取人的灵魂。 
Ms true battled on in rome, refusing to admit any guilt.	特鲁厄在罗马抗争，拒绝承认任何罪行。
If their women out shoot and outsmart them?	比他们的枪法准比他们更聪明？
Our daughter was suspended for selling drug paraphernalia at school! 	我们的女儿因为在学校卖吸毒用具停学了！ 
Do you know what it felt like to have somebody in Brooks brothers	你知道当一个穿着名牌西装面无表情的探员告诉你
Especially since the people that we're talking about are in this town watching me. 	尤其是我们所谈及的人正在镇上盯着我。 
I helped you. Taught you how to make the world work for you, for us.	我帮你，教育你，怎么样更好利用这世界。
Freeze, mister! - but I didn't do it!	站住先生！- 但那不是我干的！
Why euthanasia should not be legalized in hong kong.	安死为何在香港应合法化。
Come on, John, pay attention.	别这样，约翰，注意点。
Out of an enormous carrion black pit...	“向上涌出...
Was our old room 506? 	我们原来的房间是506吗？ 
What kind of man is your captain? 	你们船长是怎样的人？ 
Did you know a girl named Allison Fleming who lived in your building, 	你认识一个曾住在你们公寓现已失踪， 
I hear you can't die. 	我听说你不会死。 
How to apply transfer-pricing methods legally and effectively is one of the key factors to keep enterprise continuous running.	如何合法并有效地运用移转订价方法也成为企业能否永续经营的关键因素。
I know how long you and I have been best friends, okay? 	我知道我们一直是最好的朋友，行了吧？ 
We knock on people's doors and shout 'trick or treat'.	我们敲击他人的家门并喊道“不招待就使坏”。
Drive! Drive, bitch! No! I need to pee.	开车，开车，婊子不行，我现在要撒尿。
Effect of different kinds of organic manure and application time on micro-organism in flue-cured tobacco planting soil.	有机肥料种类及其施用时间对烟田土壤微生物群落的影响。
We don't show a Robert alien.	我们这里没有叫罗伯特·艾伦的学生。
But you should probably your - your gracious loser face. 	但是万一失败了你应该有得体的表现。 
Fair enough, okay.	公平交易。好吧？
Or we have to destroy it. 	我们干脆把它给毁了。 
Oh, it's your own book. 	哦，你自己的书。 
And it gone. 	所以就看不见了。 
No, she doesn't. She's not glowing.  no, I don't see a glow.	不，她没有。她没有容光焕发。 是啊，我也没看出来。
And researchers believe that mimicking parts of it could be the ticket to a limitless supply of clean power.	研究人员认为，模仿这一过程的部分可能就是实现清洁能源取之不断的关键。
How do I thank my family and my homeland?	我该怎么感谢我的家庭和我的祖国？
Bolivia, the three guyanas	波利维亚，盖亚那
You really wanna bring more life into all that?	你真的想让更多的生命来到这样的世界吗？
Germany has also tightened up its examination system in the past decade, to help standardise results.	过去十年来，德国也强化了它的考试系统来标准化结果。
He wasn't recalling a memory. 	他没有在回忆。 
Which I got when I fell running.	我刚刚跑的时候摔伤的。
I thought it was a stunning show from the first five minutes "of the first episode, she says.	“我认为它从（第一季的）额头五分钟开始就非常吸引人。”
All right, so there's a gray door. You see the gray door?	好吧，有个灰色小开口。你看到灰色小开口了吗？
Mid-autumn festival from the zhou dynasty, to the north song taizong years, local administrative officials officially on august 15 for the mid-autumn festival, from italy in sanqiu the middle, then the people celebrating.	中秋节源于周代，至北宋太宗年间，官家正式定八月十五日为中秋节，取意于三秋之正中，届时万民同庆。
Awesome, but not exactly what I thought it would be, either. 	很棒，但是也不全像我想象的那样。 
L mean, it's awful. Okay. We'll come.	我的意思是说它很可怕好的我们会去的。
Trey and kumasi district in nashville, almost all the shops closed the door.	在特雷什维尔和库马西区，几乎所有商店大门紧闭。
I could be off,	可能我太不纯洁了，
Try to practice what you preach.	试着躬行己说。
We'll give you a 10% ( ten percent) discount.	我们给您九折优惠(优惠百分之十)。
Sounds like it could have been any of you.	听起来可能是你们中的任何一个。
Then the electrons spontaneously start moving in one direction and forming pairs.	在此温度下，电子会自发地开始向一个方向运动并形成电子对。
Well, we've got 15 minutes till the news is on. Why not?	好在，新闻开始前我们有15分钟。为什么不呢？
We the jury find the defendant guilty.	我们陪审团认为被告罪名成立。
Which bit off round pieces of his blubber.	咬下幼鲸身上的肉。
Ready. Here you go. Go.	好啦。开动吧。上。
He's very lucky, considering. 	他和走运。 
If we act now, we make at least triple our investment. 	如果我们现在开始，至少能赚回3倍的投资。 
Which one? That... This thing.	哪个？那个…这个东西。
You have any idea where she's at?	你知道她在哪？
Oh, you've gotta be kidding me. Shit.	开什么鬼玩笑。见鬼。
He tried to give it up, but after a few months he was back on the bottle.	他试图戒酒，但戒了几个月后又喝了起来。
Here is how the earth people look to a Martian. 	地球人是怎样看起来像火星人的。 
I know it doesn't make sense but somehow this is easier. 	我知道这不合逻辑但不知道为什么这对我更容易些。 
If you didn't steal it, then how did 	如果你没有偷，那你是怎么 
The change from ice age to warmer times 	从冰河时代到温暖时期的变化 
It does think the nairu will rise measurably in the euro area, where relatively rigid labour markets mean someone who loses a job will take much longer to find another, during which time his skills atrophy.	经合组织还认为欧元区的nairu会显著上升，因为该地区的劳动力市场弹性相对小，意味着员工失业之后会花更长的时间再找工作，而到时他的技能已经退化。
We calculate what's inside 	我们猜一猜里面是什么 
In a crisis you quickly find out who your real friends are. 	危机时如何迅速辨别谁是真朋友。 
A certain diversification of one's educational portfolio is therefore a kind of insurance against imponderable risks.	因此一个人接受的教育的多样性就是对无法预知的人生风险的一种预防保险。
But we need orderly chaos and nice mayhem. 	但是我们需要和谐的混乱。 
Well, who ordered pizza?	好啊，谁订了披萨？
You seem a bit beside yourself.	你看起来有点失常。
Oh, sweet. A cappella is all about pitch, 	哦，不错。无乐器伴奏最重要的就是定调， 
Did he fuck you? 	他上了你吗？ 
From the northwest corner of the apartment.	在房子西北角上。
Some republicans want mr assange killed; others want him tried as a spy.	一些共和党员甚至要assange的命；其他人则要把他当间谍审判。
You are a sight for sore eyes. Hands on the wall.	你们可真是及时雨啊。把手放墙上。
I look at a Clint Eastwood like Chuck Norris and I think,	我看到查克·诺里斯那种体魄就想着，
God. I'll go.	好吧。我去啦。
A lot of good cops will get to the point... 	很多好警察要到这一步... 
I saw nothing that would convince a sober man.	我并没看到什么能使正常人信服的事。
Watcher 89 - I got him. 	守望者89-我找到他了。 
We keep the mules and leave everything else behind.	我们带马上山就好，其它东西都不用带了。
Becomes very high.	同样也变得非常高。
Your mom wanted to be here, honey. I know. 	你妈妈本想过来亲爱的。我知道。 
Is she's very innovative. 	她很具创新性。 
Did I look like that? Worse.	我看起来也那样吗？比那还糟。
It was wild. I hate those mixer things though,	一发不可收拾。不过我不喜欢相亲会，
And our seminars will in-depth discussions, case studies and group discussions with emphasis on actual practices and operations.	研修班以深度研讨与案例教学、小组讨论等相结合，着重实务与操作。
So, I called last night. I got hung up at the gym. 	我昨晚打了电话。我在体育馆拖太晚了。 
You can't do that as an adult. Try, you don't get far.	作为成年人，你不能那么做试试，你做不到。
I can write down the sadest verses tonite.	今夜我可以写下最哀伤的诗篇。
Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with prophesy."	在所有话的最后，加上“预言是这么说的”
Sugges... Re... Yes, I think revealing is fine.	暗含...嗯，暴露点没关系。
The only thing left is the drugs. 	唯一留下的就是药。 
Hey, honey! We're here. 	嘿，宝贝！我们在这。 
I can see it and touch it...	我可以看到它我可以摸到它…
Alright, I'll check on you guys in a little bit, all right?	好的，等一下再去找你们，好吧？
Doing what's right, no matter what.	伸张正义，无论发生什么。
Okay, listen, Bob, I'm with you right up to that point,	好吧，听着，鲍勃，我同意你那一点，
Father, you're on the hook here for murder. 	神父你现在面临谋杀罪的指控。 
Tomorrow evening, the inner animals of our citizenry will be released.	明天晚上，这儿市民内心的野兽将被释放出来。
I just need to know where you were doing it and who you might've crossed paths with...	我只想知道你们去过哪里可能碰过了谁...
Meet her on a level playing field.	以同行的身份与其平起平坐。
I hired a team and sent it to the site, yes. 	是的，我雇了一个小队去现场 
I want to feel you inside me. 	感到你在我体内。 
We need two more willing to join us in the circle.	我们还需要两个人加入。
I can't turn my wrist. It's gotta move freely. 	我不能转动手腕。它该活动自如。 
Oh, I'm sorry. Hi. 	哦，不好意思。嗨。 
In Europe, migrating birds have to be adaptable. 	在欧洲，候鸟必须得学会适应。 
Jay rockefeller, a democratic senator from west virginia, has introduced a bill that would suspend the epa's regulatory drive for two years-a step that would in theory give congress more time to come up with regulations of its own.	杰伊洛克菲勒是西弗吉尼亚州的民主党参议员，他提出了一项议案，使epa两年之内将不再具有监管权，从而使国会理论上有更充裕的时间制定一套自己的监管制度。
Newton proposed that heavenly and terrestrial motion could be unified with the idea of gravity.	牛顿提出天体和地球的运动可以用万有引力来解释。
Yeah we did a mommy & me class together 	是啊我们一起上过" 妈咪宝宝" 课 
Among others, details of middletons dress as well as photo and video material is put on the site.	网站内容包括米德尔顿所穿婚纱的细节，还有照片、视频等其他材料。
Yeah, you want a police question?	你想听关于警察方面的问题吗？
I could do with a cup. 	我要一杯。 
Or, food's this way. Or, danger! Attack!	或者" 食物在这边" 或者危险！进攻！
Did I behave that atrociously last time?	我上次的表现有那么糟糕吗？
And what if they're not empty? 	如果他们不是虚张声势呢？ 
If you do, I will kick your ass. 	如果你有，我就揍死你。 
I saw you fall down a flight of stairs,	我看见你滚下了楼梯，
But I couldn't see any other way.	但是我找不到其他办法了。
Her parents named her sophia after her grandmother.	她父母按她祖母的名字给她起名索菲娅。
The secret you're try ng to solve, it's greater... 	你要揭开的秘密，很重大....... 
I'm off in a half an hour. 	我半个小时以后下班。 
He drove all night to get here. He didn't even check into his hotel. 	他开了一晚上的车到这里。他还没入住登记的酒店。 
aha, far as I know, you're a freak...  	啊哈，就我所知，你是怪物… 
Pull him up! - I can make it. I can make it. 	把他拉起来！- 我可以的。我可以的。 
Understood. I'll send reinforcements. 	明白。我会派增援过来。 
Okay. Thank you, thank you, thank you. 	太好了。谢谢，谢谢，谢谢。 
I know those were love notes, evie.	我知道那些是爱情纸条。
This woman stated	据这名女子陈述
We don't know, actually. We weren't 100% trying. 	实际上，我们不知道。我们完全是在摸着走。 
You think dad knows the answer? 	你觉得爸爸会做么？ 
We want to have dinner with y 'all tonight. 	今晚我们想跟你们一起晚餐。 
Still, abc u.k. said it has decided to reassess the reporting standards governing such bulk-distribution deals to make sure they reflect industry requirements and provide proper clarity.	不过，英国发行审计局表示其已经决定重新评估适用于此类批量发行交易的汇报标准，以确保相关标准能够反映行业要求，提供足够的清晰度。
The new caterer? Yeah, you know that. 	新的宴会承包人？–是啊，你知道的。 
You're being so perfect, and I'm turningin to this monster.	你表现得这么完美，我却要变成怪物。
With one purpose only: 	只有一个目的∶ 
Amazon ( amzn), on the other hand, has signed a deal with one studio, which it didn't name, to sell ultraviolet films.	不过，另一科技巨头亚马逊（Amazon）宣布，已和一家未透露姓名的电影公司达成协议，即将开售UltraViolet版本的电影。
Stop acting like a little girl. Come on. Come on! 	别像个娘们似的。快点。快点！ 
I was in a very bad place.	我当时状态不佳。
Doctors who don't know how to pitch in. 	因为医生根本就不会配合工作。 
What did you mi most when you lived abroad?	你在国外生活的时候最怀念的是什么？
Capacity: 2 gb free; 100 gb for$ 10/ month	容量：2GB免费空间；每月10美元可获得100GB
The daily, news corp.'s ipad-only publication, ceased publishing on dec. 15, ending an unprofitable experiment in digital publishing.	新闻集团（news corp.）旗下的面向ipad的刊物the daily今年12月15日停刊，结束了其在数字出版领域不盈利的尝试。
Dude, put some pants on. I need to talk to you. 	哥们，裤子穿好我有话跟你说。 
I have no idea please shut up.	我搞不懂请闭嘴。
As opposed to the park service's policy of "let it burn. 	与之相反，公园管理局的政策则是“任其燃烧”。 
Infosys, he said, can hold a virtual meeting of the key players from its entire global supply chain for any project at any time on that supersize screen.	他继续说道：infosys，能够在任何时间为他的整个全球供应链的任何项目举行一个重要人士会晤会议。
You can use your openid on any one of a growing number of sites ( nearly ten-thousand) which support openid.	您可以在任何一个不断增长出现的网站上，并且是支持openid的网站上使用你的openid。
He's got a weenie in his hand.	手上拿着小香肠的就是。
How can I turn if there is such heavy traffic in front, tell me? I don't know what to say.	我怎么能转弯如果有这样拥挤的交通在前面告诉我？我不知道说什么。
I wasn't saying that -  	我知道我不是那个意思 -  
I fall in love 	我坠入爱河 
I don't wanna see any eye contact.	别让我看到任何人的眼光。
The grandmother asked me to look in on the boy. 	他的外祖母让我看看那个小孩儿。 
I drew a picture of a harpooned whale.	画了副被鱼叉叉住的鲸鱼。
It could be the high blood pressure causing the mental decline, not the af, for example.	例如，可能是高血压导致了智力下降，而不是心房纤颤。
Rogue security software, known as "scareware", is also viewed as a major threat.	被称为“scareware”的流氓安全软件，也被视为一大威胁。
We're gonna need an ambulance!	我们需要救护车！
But she does have a girlfriend. 	不过，她确实有一个女朋友。 
I assume a person with your skills ended up at JPL	我觉得这样的人应该进喷气动力研究所
We need to wrap your wrists.	你得缠住手腕。
The guy on his left is kambui jackson.	他左面那家伙是肯威杰克逊。
For the more than generous compensation for the work so modest.	为了我谦卑的工作得到您如此大方的缋赠。
Washington-a massive exploding faraway star-the brightest supernova astronomers have ever seen-has scientists wondering whether a similar celestial fireworks show may light up the sky much closer to earth sometime soon.	华盛顿一颗巨大的爆发中的遥远恒星-天文学家发现的迄今为止最亮的超新星-使得科学家对相似的天空烟火秀是否将在不久后点燃地球附近的天空感到疑惑。
This extraordinary resilience reflects the widespread political lust in america for subsidising housing.	这种超凡的弹性反映了美国广泛存在的资助房产市场的政治欲望。
The men work, or the women and children die.	不为他效力，妻儿就死路一条。
don't fire. Hold your fire, men. 	别开枪。不要开枪，伙计们。 
He's dead, and I can never get him back! 	他死了，他永远都不能回来了！ 
...American soul singer Anita Baker.	美国灵乐歌手安妮塔·贝克
And I realized you were right. 	我觉得你是对的。 
The shooting happened here instead of somewhere else, 	其实倒是件好事， 
Electrical, telephone jack adapters, power converters, available for international guests 	为国际客人提供电源适配器、声讯插孔适配器和电源转换器 
I guess we should start the movie. 	我们看电影吧。 
Well, Lizzy?	怎么了，丽斯？
They are killing.	他们正在屠杀。
There are a few bright spots only 16 per cent of russians are planning to economise on perfume, and 7 per cent say the item they are least likely to cut spending on is chocolate.	但其中也有一些亮点：只有16%的俄罗斯人计划节约香水支出，7%的人表示他们最不可能削减支出的物品是巧克力。
He's very sweet. 	他很体贴。 
I'm a Dolly, bred and buttered, 	我也姓多利，地地道道的， 
I closed my eyes during that performance	在表演过程中我闭上双眼仔细聆听
Mom! I've been waiting for your call! 	妈妈！我一直在等你的电话！ 
Joanna, I have to thank you. 	乔安娜，我必须要感谢你。 
The last time the charge, all his fellow soldiers, his own all sacrifice in trenches also a few meters away, before a mines zhaduan a leg.	最后一次冲锋，他所有的战友全都牺牲了，他自己也在战壕前几米处，被一枚地雷炸断了一条腿。
But no one can get in	但是无人能进去
And I know you think she's great. 	我知道你觉得她很棒。 
Twelve teams are competing for the three spots.	十二支球队正在为最后三个名额竞争。
If you - if you just need to sit for a minute...	或许你- 你需要坐一会儿...
Why don't the stars fall from the sky 	星星为何不会从天空坠落 
We need to be more targeted in our use of this program. "	我们在雇佣外国求职者时应该更有针对性。”
To allow developers and those with curious eyes to test out the new format with ease an all-in-one binary file for linux users has been made available.	为满足开发者和那些好奇者的目光来测试这种新格式，已经给linux用户提供了一种简易全功能的二进制文件。
I want to see the world, maybe get a second home,	我想去看世界或许还能在其他地方安个家，
Every time I send you somewhere 	每次我把你送到别处。 
In 2007, the nearby jabal al-tair volcanic island also erupted for the first time in over a century, killing 8 people.	在2007年，附近的杰贝尔阿尔泰尔岛火山岛也在一个多世纪以来首次爆发，导致8人死亡。
Street address number text should only be used when required by local code. 	只有当地规范要求时才能采用街道地址编号文字。 
Having to die! 	把头撞到地上死去活来的做事！ 
Do you wanna build a raft?	你想造只船？
I'm never going to be the dad that - that gets invited to career day. 	我永远都不会是被邀请到职业交流日的那个老爸。 
Got another round. 	又找到一发。 
We have a school full of terrified girls.	我们学校的孩子都受到了惊吓。
Yet such modest alternatives might still leave the thames down in the dumps.	但这种替代方法并无实质变化，仍不能使泰晤士河的境况有所改观。
Hi. I'm just getting our stuff. 	嗨。我只是来拿一下东西。 
I was going to. I'm sorry. 	我本来有这个打算。真抱歉。 
Is this on? Try the veal!	开着吗吃口牛肉！
Available for quick shipment. 	适用于快速装运。 
Japanese economic growth was export-led, fuelled by an undervalued yen and subsidies for exporters.	日本的经济增长是出口导向型，且受到了日元低估与出口补贴的推动。
Will you knock it off?! What do you think you're doing?	你能把它敲下来吗？！你觉得你在干什么？
No, it was iris. She confessed! 	不，那是爱丽丝她已经认罪了！ 
I didn't mean for you to fly halfway across the country.	我不是故意让你飞半个国家过来的。
When I met you, you were a confused kid, 	我刚认识你的时候，你还是个迷惘的孩子， 
Well, she won't be involved in the daily operations.	她不会参与日常经营。
The old-timey body-on-frame suv hasn't been completely redesigned since 2006, but cosmetics including a new front bumper, grille, headlights, and side mirrors presented a more up-to-date face to customers.	自2006年以来，这款传统的框架式车身SUV就没有彻底重新设计过，但它全新的前保险杠、进气格栅、大灯和后视镜在购车者眼里显得更有时尚范儿了。
I did upgrade my fighting technique.	我加强练过格斗技巧。
We had a great sense of comradeship	我们有非常坚定的同志友谊
I know you'll take care of me. 	我知道你总会照顾我。 
But nasr, the red cross spokesman, said israeli sanctions had left gaza's hospitals "almost incapable of functioning" even before the weekend's attacks, and those facilities are now "bleeding every resource available."	但是红十字会发言人nasr说，以色列的制裁甚至在周末袭击前已经使加沙的医院“几乎无力运转”，这些设施现在已经发挥了最大作用。
I can't wait to show everybody. Wait, I gotta look at this under the light. 	我等不及要告诉每一个人了我要去灯光下看看。 
It's like getting laid. 	像个布局。 
If you die, I die, Pete! 	如果你死的话，我也会死，彼特！ 
To release you in my father - in - law's name. 	我岳父大人的名义还是帮上了大忙。 
Over-night fame has become a common phenomenon in our modern society.	一夜成名成了现代社会的家常便饭。
Thanks for watching your body.	啊感谢能欣赏到奥妙的你。
You all just committed a felony.	你们刚犯了宗重罪。
You mind if I look at yours?	不介意我看看你的吧？
Good morning, lassie. Careful, miss.	早啊，莱西。小心啊，小姐。
Yet I don't feel tonight reflects that. 	我觉得今晚没有体现出这一点。 
You have to too.	你一定也有同感。
If you couId just wait for room service, pIease. 	如果你可以的话就等服务员送餐过来吧。 
He soon took a job at asset manager guggenheim partners llc in new york.	他不久后受聘于纽约资产管理公司guggenheim partners llc。
Block the gate. I got to finish this off. 	守着门。我来搞定。 
He most likely forced her at gunpoint. 	他应该是持枪威胁她。 
Mrs. wu touched it with the toe of her shoe but did not bend down and pick it up.	吴少奶奶把脚尖去拨一下，却也不去拾来看；
Well, he's obviously a dangerous guy... 	很显然他是一个危险人物... 
Bo and I are getting married, that's all. 	波和我要结婚了，就这样。 
Okay you owe me! 	好你欠我的！ 
But this is the one that I tried on, so...	但这是我试的那套，所以...
I'm guessing she didn't put her glasses on when she looked out the window.	我推论她往窗外看去时并没有戴眼镜。
What time they leave?	他们什么时候离开的？
There is a pen and two pencils on the pencil-box.	文具盒里有一支钢笔和两支铅笔。
The Japs are carrying gold on the train.	日本鬼子在火车上运黄金。
Okay, I need you to take it.	好的，我要你爬上去。
It's a long way from a Pendleton corporal's pay grade.	离彭德顿下士的薪水也差着呢。
I left my purse in the car.	我把皮包留在了车上。
I don't think he's got it. I think we may have to bag him.	我觉得他还没懂。我们得淘汰他了。
Give me my 3,000 - hit ball. 	把我3000安打的球还给我！ 
And get something else. 	换个别的养。 
He's back - all right, I'll deal with this joker. 	他回来了- 好吧，我来搞定他。 
Or follow 77 north which will become Broadway Street, for approximately 2 miles and turn right on 2nd Street. 	或沿77号公路北段（即百老汇大街）行驶约2英里，右转上第二大道。 
She said,'thank you.	她说，“谢谢你。
Our chinese academic partners will not retaliate if a u.s. university stands up for academic freedom.	如果一所美国大学站起来保卫自己的学术自由，我想我们的中国学术伙伴其实并不会做出报复行动。
Clean everything out of the register. 	把收银机的钱都拿了。 
I talked to him in the hangar. 	我和他在飞机棚里谈过。 
Mother, we hadn't even seen each other in almost two years! 	妈妈，我们有差不多两年没见面了！ 
Well, I suppose stories of the Thuggee die hard. 	我以为传说又复活了。 
And I think that's that needs to be a thought all these people need to think about. 	我觉得大家都需要考虑到这一点。 
But you're very low - key in terms of your beauty	但是比起年度玩伴来说
You know what? Just test it.	你知道么？送去测试。
To satisfy my... Scientific curiosity. 	为了满足我的对于科学的好奇心。 
Did you tell her you were going to kill yourself, that you were going to go with her?	你告诉她你要自杀，还是跟她一起走？
Howard zinn offers some sobering thoughts on the subject.	但霍华德津恩提供了关于这个问题的一些冷静的思考。
The one true good thing I have done in this life, 	我毕生的杰作你是说都是你把她给教坏的， 
The band consists of a singer, two guitarists and a drummer.	这乐队由一位歌手、两位吉他手及一位鼓手组成。
Release her and beg her to come away with me tonight.	把她带走，再求她今晚跟我走。
Wired.com: do you ever find people are surprised by your involvement with conservation science?	连线：你从事环保科学会不会让别人感到很惊讶？遇到过这种情况吗？
Yeah? I found shell casings all around his body. 	他怎么了？我发现他的尸体周围全是弹壳。 
I got a use able index fingerprint off of that,	我分离了指纹，
If personalization is too acute, it could prevent us from coming into contact with the mind-blowing, preconception-shattering experiences and ideas that change how we think about the world and ourselves.	如果个性化太严重，它可能阻止我们在头脑风暴、破除偏见经验中交流，也有可能阻碍我们对世界和我们自己认识的思考方式的改变。
Sustaining the american dream has never been about standing pat.	延续美国梦从不意味着止步不前。
My mother starts to cry 	妈妈喜极而泣 
Competitors like samsung are starting to emulate apple's voice-powered assistant, and if apple doesn't push out some killer updates soon, siri could lose its sparkle.	像三星公司那样的竞争对手已经开始模仿苹果的声控技术，而假如苹果不很快推出一些杀手更新的话，siri则可能会过气。
I don't want to be mad. I... 	我不想生气。我... 
I travel in a slightly older circle. 	我也不过是活在一个老一点儿的循环里。 
I have no right to expect anything more than that from you. 	我对你别无它求。 
To protect me knowing that he is your father? 	你还会派他穿越时空回到1984年来保护我吗？ 
There is a chance that I might not come back? 	我就有可能回不来了？ 
I think there is good evidence	我认为有很好的证据
Taken by Isildur from the hand of Sauron himself.	伊斯伍德又自索隆手中取来的魔戒！
I didn't think you'd feel comfortable with more pastry in the house. 	所以估计你不会想吃甜点的。 
I don't want her to die either, so I'll let you do it. I'll... 	我也不想让她死，所以你就做吧。我... 
Stu. No, I couldn't. My clients would kill me.	史都不行，我的客户会杀了我。
Patriotic bunting as a frigid display of archaic pomp?	爱国旗帜在呆板地展示古代的盛况？
It's a filthy goddamn helpless world,	一个肮脏的无药可救的世界，
I said that it was totally inappropriate, and then I fired him.	我说他不该那样做，然后就把他炒了。
Higher concentration on the patellas, 	在髌骨上浓度较高， 
Whoever wins this challenge today they apparently get this huge feast,	显然谁赢了这场比赛谁就能吃大餐，
So you don't know why this cop sent you here.	你不知道为什么那个警察叫你过来。
She almost failed. Why? 	她差点失败了。怎么会？ 
I'm not afraid of you, Victor. 	我不害怕你，维克多。 
Lung cancer in never-smokers is the sixth-leading cause of cancer deaths in the united states.	在美国人口癌症相关死因排名中，不吸烟者肺癌排在第六位。
She'll be fine. Just a cold.	她会好的。感冒而已。
Ooh, what's that? My self-esteem just flatlined. 	什么声音我的自尊心挂掉了。 
He was a sloppy writer. 	他是个蹩脚的作者。 
Oh, sometimes when an animal is hurt, 	噢，有时候当一头动物受伤害时， 
You've got to coax him out of his shell. 	你别让他的外表给哄了。 
Move back and forth in front of the target. 	在那个靶子前来回移动。 
You can just turn around... Just open the fucking door! 	你还是赶快滚吧... 该死的开门！ 
For the past 24 hours, so... 	穿了一天的衣服了，那么... 
With the hand nape, these are subconsciously action.	用手摸后颈，这些都是下认识的动作。
But you never gave me anything but love. 	但是你从没给我任何东西，除了爱。 
I came down in a turnip field. 	我降落在一片萝卜地里。 
And so respect, kantian respect, unlike love in this way.	尊重，康德所指的尊重，在这一点上，和爱不一样。
Did meet at the courthouse. 	在法院确实遇见过。 
I'm sleeping with the boss. 	我可是跟老板睡觉的人。 
I put it through her letter - box you think fast... like the handbag 	我把他放进了她的信箱你想的太快了…就像那个包 
You - you guys can’t catch the real killer,	你们-你们这些人捉不到真凶，
Hold on, cowboy. 	别动牛仔。 
Babe, you said something was wrong. 	宝贝，你说出问题了。 
Oh, in passing. She has a small boy. 	哦，一面之缘。她有个儿子。 
By breaking the rules, not caring what anyone else thinks.	通过破坏规矩不关心他人看法吗?
Because the boss always hires one with a gorgeous figure	因为每个秘书都青春貌美身材好
Quiet! Daniel, he's right. 	安静！丹尼尔，他是对的。 
We'll use the bitches' money. 	我们会弄到那些婊子们的钱的。 
I - I love you. Really? 	我 - 我爱你。 真的？ 
Read properly, ahtisaari and solana provide 10 convincing reasons why europe should not vote for u.n. recognition of palestine.	正确地了解阿赫蒂萨里索拉纳劝说欧洲同意联合国承认巴勒斯坦地位的十条理由。
I say that I am a stylist from Paris flying through l. A.	不如我来演从巴黎飞到洛杉矶。
I hired John cleary. - he hired me. 	当时是我招的他。- 然后他招了我。 
Two $5 meal coupons per room for Perkins Restaurant. 	每个房间提供两张价值5美元的珀金斯餐厅就餐券。 
Likewise, counselors, I have been informed	同时，辩护律师们我被告知
Which one is it? Lehnbach! - lehnbach. 	究竟是哪个莱恩巴赫！莱恩巴赫！ 
Nothing in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death, taxes, and enterprise software disruption.	当今世界，没有什么东西是确定的，只有死亡、税收，和企业软件的破坏性除外。
I'm sure if they knew you didn't like it, they'd be willing to... 	我敢肯定如果他们知道你不喜欢，他们会很乐意... 
He knew the forest by heart. 	他对森林很熟悉。 
So, we came up with the idea of a Roman chariot pedicab.	所以，我们提出罗马三轮战车这个主意。
And all of a sudden, I noticed that my good black socks are missing.	突然之间我发现那双没破损的黑袜子不见了。
You won't have much time with him. 	你没多少时间和他在一起。 
I didn't mean to cross a line. 	我没有想要越界。 
Just can't. Sorry. 	回不去了。不好意思。 
30-16-17 UNLAWFUL REMOVAL OF EFFECTS. 	30-16-17非法占有财物 
It is about israel's continued grasp of occupied territories and the embarrassment that comes from israeli policies toward those territories that are an affront to the sense of most of the peoples and countries of the world about what is right and just.	以色列持续占据领地以及以色列对于这些领地政策的尴尬，对大多数世界国家关于是非曲直的判断，都是一种冒犯。
It's no accident, Loki taking Erik Selvig. 	洛基带走席尔维格，绝对不是巧合 
I'd forgotten all about them. 	我把他们全都忘了。 
don't let anybody into that box. 	别让任何人进包厢。 
Why do you treat people the same way? 	为什么你不能用同一种方式待人？ 
Really? Has that ever been documented?	是吗？有人做过统计吗？
I'm just here doing a favor.	我只是到这来释放善意的。
I didn't mention it to anyone... 	我没向人提过包括安迪。。。 
If nothing were to happen... 	如果什么都不发生... 
Wayne Gretzky scored 894 goals,	共打进894球，
My life is no longer your business.	我的生活不再关你的事了。
She yanked open the drawer.	她猛地拉开了抽屉。
Name, face, nothing.	名字，长相，一无所知。
Will you bring nets and a tranquilizer gun?	你们会带网和镇静枪去吗？
You'd be fun for a dad.	你一定会是个有趣的爸爸。
one gives the other a ride	我们定会伴其左右
We've got every cop in the western U.S. Looking for him, so it's just a matter of time.	全西部的警察都出动搜查他了，抓到他只是时间问题。
You've talked me into it. I'll drop the lawsuit. 	你说服我了。我会撤消诉讼。 
Well, at the same time her Hyundai's being repossessed? 	在现代公司追债的时期？ 
Despite how much your bruised ego thirsts for it, trying to figure out what went wrong and who did what will not help.	不管你受伤的自尊有渴望想要知道真相，纠结着是哪里出了问题或者谁在中间捣鬼根本帮不了你。
Called Dunlop. Gave him all the details.	结巴记者。告诉他所有的细节。
Hey, Ruben, when I was playing ball with the Negro league, 	嘿，鲁本，我和黑人棒球队玩球时， 
Every time I see a picture in the newspaper I like,	每次我在报纸上看到我喜欢的照片
She reported me to human resources the next morning.	她第二天早上把我告到人事部。
We had fun together. 	我们一起开心过。 
He never invited me to dinner. 	他从未请我吃饭。 
The data indicate that measures taken by the chinese government to support growth are already having an effect, said hsbc economist ma xiaoping.	汇丰银行（hsbc）经济学家马小平说，5月份的数据显示，中国政府采取的促增长措施已经见效。
I never knew what that was before.	以前我从不知道那是怎样的。
You know how much my family adores you, come on.	你知道我们家人有多喜欢你的。
The translation of zuo's annotation by shen yucheng contributes a lot to the popularization and spreading of traditional chinese culture.	沈玉成先生的《左传译文》对于普及和宏扬祖国的传统文化功莫大焉。
They will, uncle Howard. They will.	一定能的，霍华德舅舅，一定能的。
Okay, but I don't want you freaking out. 	好吧，但我不希望你大惊小怪的。 
Get yourself a nice warm glass of milk with a little Bosco in it. 	喝一杯加了巧克力酱的热牛奶。 
Such a sum may not be forthcoming if indian companies continue their collective strop.	如果印度的公司继续这样一起与政府作对，这个数目也许难以实现。
What time does vesuvius erupt?	维苏威火山什么时候喷发?
I think of you a little bit more.	日复一日愈加强烈。
After I have been reasonable, I will show you. 	你们若还想玩这场游戏，我就演给你们看。 
I feel for him, whoever he is.	我同情他，无论他是谁。
Which is gonna be difficult, because I think I'm developing a polyp. 	太困难了，因为我认为我长了一块息肉。 
It has rich appreciation stone resources, like bluestone, flower pebble, inkstone, etc, and it also has the largest bluestone and flower pebble special market in the east china.	青石、花石、砚瓦石等观赏石资源丰富，有华东最大的青石花石专业市场。
I need you to pull the pin 	我要你把环拉掉 
...the sixth round of the World Cup.	世界杯第六轮的比赛
Then take the A21 again until the Monkhagen/Stockelsdorf Exit. 	然后沿A21行驶直至到达Monkhagen/施托克尔斯多尔夫出口。 
Your friend, doctor... Whatever his name was.	你的朋友，医生。。。他的名字是什么。
Authorities in ankang, the city where ms. feng lives, had earlier vowed to investigate the case and punish those responsible.	安康市有关部门此前誓言将对此案进行调查并惩处相关责任人。
I thought a Ph.D. Will be the only way to success.	我原以为拿到博士学位就可以飞黄腾达。
But he actually had a bon Appetit magazine hidden inside it. 	其实他在里面藏了本" 好胃口" 杂志。 
He's not a superhero. He's my boyfriend. 	他不是什么超级英雄。他是我男朋友。 
Really showing the dress well,	我觉得你很好的展示了你的服装，
But I still don't know anything about the death of my fuel man.	但是我还是没有什么可以告诉你的。
You just got $500 off a lap dance 	你刚赚了五百元 
I got rather carried away in one shop and came out with four different garments.	我在商店里真是失去了控制，出来时我买了四件不同的服装。
Possibly on foot.	可能是走着离开的。
They're making sure I don't do anything to upset the country's most powerful weapon	他们是要确定我不会做任何让这个国家最强大武器伤心的事
Talk to her the way you're talking to me. 	像和我说话一样跟她倾诉。 
You're suing hockey?	你要告冰球联盟？
It's a lovely day.	啊，天气真好。
No. I am all done with that. I am looking for an honest way to make a living.	不。我不赌了。我想好好过日子。
don't drive her nuts. Okay? 	别惹她发火？ 
I got him, pops. I know what I'm... 	我要让他尝尝我的厉害... 
Well, you have no right to be snooping around on private property! 	好吧，你也没有权利闯入别人的私人领地！ 
However, some analysts said that even though the libyan conflict seemed to be heading towards an end, there was still uncertainty about how fast the country's oil production could be restored to the pre-conflict levels.	不过，有分析人士称即使利比亚冲突看来接近结束，该国石油生产何时可以恢复到冲突前的水平仍然存在不确定性。
You need to be at the hospital. But…	你得去医院但…
I just have some doubt about my husband	我只是对我的丈夫有点怀疑而已
I mean, sooner or later, the nanites are going to abandon her broken bones.	我的意思是，它们迟早，纳米会放弃修理骨折。
A. studies have found that the body's response to cold changes significantly over a lifetime, with older people, especially men older than about 60, less able to maintain their core temperature at a give cold exposurethan young people.	研究发现人体对冷热的改变随着年龄的不同而改变，在低温时老年人的体核温度与年轻人相比更难保持，特别是60岁以上的男性。
Physically challenged facilities ramps, grab bars, roll-in showers 	提供残疾人士服务，如坡道、安全抓杆、轮椅可进入的淋浴间 
That was my golden periodof being good daughter.	我的黄金岁月啊做受宠的乖乖女。
Easy for him. He's not the one who has to do the bringing.	他说得容易，又不用他带她去。
You did it! You this son of a bitch!	你真的去了！真有你的！
Who do you think introduced velcro to the Persian Gulf?	你猜猜是谁把尼龙搭链技术传到波斯湾的？
Camel: hey, don't be messing with Blackie! 	骆驼：嘿，别招惹黑人！ 
And they were still in my briefcase when I got home. 	我就带回了家。 
I mean, what if you got sick? 	我是说，如果你生病了怎么办？ 
Bringing the total to six victims the la sniper has murdered. 	洛杉矶射手谋杀的受害人总数已达6个。 
Why not? can't hurt? 	为什么不买呢没什么坏处？ 
For when you find our missing newborn.	我擅自外出买回了这些东西。
then when she was 15,	她15岁时，
In 1986	科学展大奖
Now? Today? I'll sort out the Olympia suite.	现在？今天？我去弄一套奥林匹亚风的服装。
Your brain is really an enigma.	你的思维实在是难以理喻。
And it always turns out fine.	最后总是安然无恙。
The choice of your life.	关乎你人生道路的选择。
Oh, he was happy to let you think that, 	噢，他很高兴让你这么认为， 
Hey, zip it! I've heard enough.	住口！我听够了。
Because you're both sharing a secret. 	因为你俩有一个共同的秘密。 
Today, after that long 	今天，都已经交往那么长时间了 
You know, I've been on your side every step of the way. 	你要知道，我可是一直都在帮你。 
LI `‘m just trying not to get killed, OK?	我只是努力不被杀，好吗？
Yeah. Let's play this. We love this. The shrink wrap is still on it. 	好。我们玩这个。我们喜欢这个。收缩包装仍然在。 
I'd get off work from the TV station pick up my wife and we'd make dinner	每天我从电视台下班就去接老婆一起买菜弄饭
I got it! Max, whoever is less vain gets the sweater.	我想到了！咱谁比较不虚荣毛衣就归谁。
cause this says you're gonna have to make a journey of 1,200 miles to bury your eggs in the warm mud.	因为这上面说你得跋涉1200英里把你的蛋埋到温暖的泥巴里面去。
Explanationthe security database is not active. This database must be active for the command to run. Actionthe security database should have started when the workstation service started. Check the error log with event viewer to determine why the database did not start.	解释安全数据库没有产生作用。此数据库必须先启动，才能运行此命令。操作启动工作站服务时，必须启动安全数据库。请用“事件查看器”来检查错误日志，判断数据没有启动的原因。
You saw who they put on the floor. They're gonna try to run against us. 	你们看看和我们对决的是些什么球员。 
So, we all pretended to be someone else? 	所以，我们都是代替别人来参加这个派对的？ 
You perceived it was without weight, 	你意识它没有重量， 
From time to time, he...	时不时地，他会...
If cooking is not your forte, try taking a cooking class.	如果烹饪不是你的特长，那参加一些烹饪课程。
He still in town?	他还在城里？
Wanna meet up later? 	回头要过来看看不？ 
Judging by the bone density, John Doe was in his 30s 	从骨密度看不明死者死的时候 
You say more and you might as well induct him into the order. 	你说的越多就越把他往密令上引导。 
That's hidden by forests	富士山被森林掩盖住的地形
Done exactly what we thought you'd like. 	只是做了我们觉得你们会喜欢的事。 
Okay. "Which redheaded queen of mean hotel exec	好。哪个酒店高层的红发女人会离开丈夫孩子
Oh, come on, and what are you doing on my computer? 	嘿，宝贝，你动我电脑干什么？ 
Send us please. We are sure to succeed! 	派我们去吧。一定会成功的！ 
Any time, I never sleep. 	无论何时，我从不睡觉。 
No, but I think mini me does. 	我没有，但迷你米有话要说。 
Self-interest also dictates that the conditions in which al-qaeda thrived during the 1990s should not arise again.	自身利益也决定了基地组织在19世纪90年代发展壮大的条件将不复存在。
For the appetizer portion. 	我是指开胃菜。 
You come clean now, we can still have a couple drinks 	你就是清白的，我们还能一起喝上一杯 
And a new barber room was installed	在新建的周边建筑里
I have been immortal. 	我长生不老。 
Much of the expense is shouldered by taxpayers, who pay for the dedicated high-speed tracks, but the train services that run on them mostly make a profit ( though eurostar has been dogged by losses relating to the channel tunnel).	很多费用是由纳税人抗着的，他们为那些精密的高速轨道掏腰包，可是在其上跑的列车运行服务却大多数还是有赚钱的（尽管欧洲之星一直被海峡隧道关联的损失所困扰）。
Mr. President. Helen stooped from the la times just called my office. 	总统先生，洛杉矶时报记者海伦斯图本刚来电。 
You want something, boy? I'd like to borrow this boat, if I may.	你要什么吗？- 我想借船。
You want to hear the name I'm thinking about? 	想听我起的名字吗？ 
It may surprise you to know that I, too, have experienced fear.	或许你会感到讶异，我也感受过恐惧。
Yes. Start by cleaning house.	当然，从内部清理开始。
Don't put large blocks of text in bold. You should use bold text sparingly, for emphasis or for headings.	避免出现大段粗体文本。可以利用粗体字，强调重要内容、标题。
If there's anything you'd like to tell me at any time,	任何时候如果你想要告诉我什么事情，
I've done all that I could do. 	我已竭尽所能。 
You're a lawyer and a damn good one, too.	你可是个出色的律师啊。
You could keep a secret. 	你们能保守住这个秘密。 
You are only a man, but you are trying to make yourself God! 	你只是一个人而已，而你反将自己当作神！ 
Sure, wear your hat. 	当然了，戴上你的帽子。 
When we have sex, I want those doughnuts! 	我们一嘿咻，我就想吃那个嘛！ 
It becomes my problem, correct? 	接下来就是我的工作，对吗？ 
Your clothes are everywhere. Seen them at Barneys.	你的衣服到处都有卖。我在巴尼见过。
You know, we were supporting him 	你知道我们支持他 
General Kenobi, Anakin, we're so glad...	克诺比将军，阿纳金，我们很高兴...
He ran some sort of home - based medical business. 	他在这儿搞某种家庭医药生意。 
But that means money is thrown at investment instead of job creation, social services or environmental protection.	但那就意味着资金被用于投资，而不是用于创造就业、社会服务或是环保等方面。
Study on conditions for inhibiting browning in he process of dehydrated hemerocallis citrina baroni.	脱水黄花菜加工过程中褐变抑制条件的研究。
Harder to narrow down where it came from. 	很难缩小药物来源范围。 
So, we're not talking about a husband killing his wife anymore?	现在不是丈夫杀妻案了？
Okay, wait right here. I'll be right back. 	好，在这里等我马上回来。 
She'll pay! I will get her...	她会后悔的！我会得到她的...
He won't be after next week. 	从下周开始就不再是了。 
Sun, the moon, as the same cool, but discus gorgeous, colorful, brilliant pick up some people saw the world.	太阳出来、象月光一样清凉、不过七彩斑斓、万紫千红、使人看到了清冷辉煌的世界。
Also, never call 911. They take forever. 	另外，永远别打911，他们永远来不了。 
It's just going to stir things up.	会把事情搅浑的。
Some researchers are working on sponges made of carbon nanotubes that soak up hydrogen.	一些研究者正在致力于由碳纳米管制成的海绵体来吸收氢气。
We started surveillance. We'll get to him. 	我们开始了监视。 
J.p. morgan ( jpm) and six other lenders agreed to amend the loan in august, lowering the monthly payment and adjusting the financial targets that forbes media would have to hit to be in compliance.	摩根大通和其它六家放款方已经同意在八月份修改贷款条款，降低月还款额度，调整一些福布斯传媒必须要实现的财务指标。
I don't understand. Are we coming in Monday at 4:00? 	我搞糊涂了，我们是来还是不来啊？ 
He won't let any of the valets touch his Hummer.	哪个男仆都不能碰他心爱的悍马。
Why don't you swing by the truck tonight?	不如今晚去我的餐车？
If I say yes, it's premeditated. 	如果我说"会" 的话那性质就变成故意杀人了。 
Course of study of development forage grass crosses the strategic property of the century this.	开发饲草业这个跨世纪的战略产业。
At crenshaw they think I'm a freak.	在克兰萧，别人认为我是怪胎。
Xinhua people's daily march 23 lived in eastern canada atlantic harp seal a charmingly naive.	人民网3月23日电加拿大东部大西洋沿岸生活着一种憨态可掬的格陵兰海豹。
But for now it's just us.	但是现在只有我们。
Solar cells are also made of silicon, and the latest fashion is to concentrate sunlight on them using mirrors.	太阳能电池的制造业要用到硅晶体，最新的技术是用镜面吸收太阳能。
Any friend of my little bro is a friend of mine. 	我小弟的朋友就是我的朋友。 
The kind of cop that has the full support of the Dallas district attorney's office. 	有达拉斯检察官办公室全力支持的警察。 
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day	一天接一天地蹑步前进
I never saw the first Shrek, 	但我没看过史瑞克1， 
Right. Well,  it means a lot to me, and our friendship means a lot to me. 	好吧。好吧，这对我意义非凡，我们的友谊也是。 
And I've got nothing. 	我什么都没画出来。 
You know what's great about the san gennaro festival?	你知道圣格纳罗节有什么好的吗
I did find traces of a powdery substance on his wrists. drugs? 	我在他的手关节处发现了点粉末。毒品？ 
I'm not taking cage's side, Danny, 	我没有站在凯奇那一边，丹尼， 
Well-known accordion player art troupe of beijing military region fellow actors at the national level yi yang graduated from the tianjin conservatory of music, where he studied under renowned educator mr. wang yuping.	著名手风琴演奏家北京军区战友文工团国家一级演员杨屹毕业于天津音乐学院，师从著名教育家王域平先生。
When I decided to take my present job	我当年要干这工作
Well, be elegant, but make yourself known. 	别这么说，但你自己知道就行了。 
Miss Gigi! Miss Gigi, come quick!	吉吉小姐快来！
Yesterday right after I started my shift. 	昨天我刚开始上班时的事。 
Now we're up to three. 	变成三个了。 
Subject exiting opening one. 	嫌犯从一号门出来了。 
That said, he would, however, trade firearms. 	与其贩卖白酒他宁愿选择贩卖军火。 
Airy rooms with a king sized bed, 42-inch plasma screen television and an iPod? docking station. 	通风良好的客房配有一张特大床、40英寸等离子电视和一个iPod? 音乐基座。 
Perfect. L refuse to be the goodie bag.	好啊。我可不想做。
Don't you know where he keeps a jug?	你不知道你爸爸在家里藏有酒吗？
I've invented something fun. The sled.	我发明了个有趣的东西。雪橇。
What'd I tell you? 	我告诉你过什么？ 
What? She knew I was on vacation and that we didn't know each other...... 	什么？她知道我正在休假而且知道我们互相不认识…… 
I'd rather go to bed with the Loch Lomond monster. 	我宁愿和罗蒙湖水怪上床。 
Guests enjoy a free deluxe continental breakfast with every room. 	每间客房的客人可以享用丰盛的免费早餐。 
But damn it to hell, we did it, Colonel, we did it! 	我们到底把那桥送下了地狱，我们赢了，上校，我们做到了！ 
If a judge hires you, 	如果有法官来请你， 
We were able to work up a profile... 	我们能逐步模拟出罪犯画像…… 
Ma's checking it for tobacco stains. 	妈妈去检查烟的痕迹了。 
You know, it's great about Kevin and Jen. I like you. 	其实，凯文和珍真的在一起很不错。我喜欢你。 
You should try learning it.	你应该试着学学。
And, nor will the Council. 	市政厅也用不了。 
But...but, I have to...	但... 但，我得...
It was easy for you just to get back out on the water. 	对你来说这一切都象你离开水面一样容易。 
When he saw that he would not get anything out of her, tu wei-yueh shrugged his shoulders, inwardly despising this useless communist.	屠维岳也看到话是说完了，耸耸肩膀，心里看不起这没用的共产党；
I had this made for you. 	我为你做了样东西。 
Instead of building bunkers, you should be getting boosters. 	与其建什么地堡你不如操心操心疫苗的事情。 
I don't want to go any more, I dislike your way of talking 	我不想再干下去了，我不喜欢你说话的方式 
Sorry, sir - whose status? 	抱歉，长官谁的监视等级？ 
That she hasn't given birth to them yet. 	它还没生下小犬呢。 
Secondly, it further substantiates the idea that language is evolving all the time.	其次,它承认语言一直处于进化之中的观点。
It would be nice in a really hot climate where there's no problem with cold nights etc,	在炎热的气候下很好而在寒冷的夜晚也没问题等等，
All right, well, I work at a bingo booth.	好吧，好的，我正在搞一个跳蚤市场
You're smart, you don't need to blackmail someone 	很聪明，你不需要靠勒索别人 
But I think I hallucinate Denny 	但我想幻觉中有他 
Full use of leisure facilities 	您可以充分使用休闲设施。 
What's the problem? It's nothing we can't handle.	有什么问题？没有我们应付不了的问题。
Madam Byrd. Felipe will show you to your suite.	伯德女士。费利普将带你去你的套房。
The chain grew so quickly, and in some areas seemed so ubiquitous, that as early as 1998 a headline inthe onion, a satirical american newspaper, joked, "new starbucks opens in rest room of existing starbucks".	星巴克的连锁店不仅在快速增长，在一些地方还分布密集，于是早在1998年美国一家讽刺性报纸便登出了这样的头条，“星巴克在它的休息室里又开了新的星巴克”。
Than have visited the deepest reaches of this alien world.	怪异的深海的人还要多。
Bozhou city zhenhua fumigation services limited liability company.	亳州市振华薰蒸服务有限责任公司。
And then, at last, far away, approached on immense causeways,	再往前走，终于，在远处巨大的堤道附近，
There were very few chartered corporations 	在美国早期历史中 
Doctors, let's have a look inside. 	医生们，准备开胸。 
And found that she'd made a purchase on the other side of town from Randall's test kitchen at 10pm,	当晚10点她在镇另一头买了烟，
You're no dummy, Luke. We both know that.	你不是“ 副的，卢克，咱俩都知道。
Could impulsively lash out, well, all you prove 	他为什么突然爆发，那只能证明 
He looked around from force of habit, but nobody paid any attention to him.	他出于习惯环顾四周，但是没人注意他。
She said he wasn't even at the party. He's in Vegas.	她说他都没去过那个派对。而是在拉斯维加斯。
And I want to take care of you. 	我也想照顾你。 
don't try and pass me a fake. 	所以别想用假的打发我。 
Nancy drew the white wolf of icicle creek.	南茜德鲁-冰溪白狼。
I'm going to lose.	我准备好了要失败。
Promise to let everyone come back tomorrow after the funeral?	答应我明天葬礼之后让大家回来？
With me in l. A., it didn't take Lisa Wong long to send an assassin of her own. 	我到了洛杉矶不久，王丽莎就派出了杀手。 
Afraid? I ain't afraid. But I would be if I was you. 	担心？我没什么可担心的。不过我要是你的话倒有可担心的了。 
And they will take it to assyria and give it to the great king; shame will come on ephraim, and israel will be shamed because of its image.	人必将牛犊带到亚述当作礼物，献给耶雷布王。以法莲必蒙羞，以色列必因自己的计谋惭愧。
You know any guys in sun-chon with one eye missing?	你知道在善天有没有一个独眼的家伙
Oh, calm down. It's not an engagement ring. 	别激动。不是订婚戒指。 
To increase the attachment of our people to the union, our laws should be just.	为了增强人民对联邦的向心力，我们的法律应公正。
I check their I'd if they look underage. 	如果他们看上去还未成年，我会查他们的身份证明的。 
Take exercise in the morning conduce to stimulative blood circulation, dusk fitness conduces to morpheus.	早晨锻炼有助于促进血液循环，傍晚健身有助于睡眠。
The minute we step through the gate anyways. 	你就会把我们都干掉。 
Tell those boy not to make so much noise.	叫那些小男孩别这么大声嚷嚷。
If anyone can choose who they want to be, Lex -  	如果有人可以选择成为什么样的人，莱克斯 -  
Though the proper study of mankind may be man, that study will yield little if there is no reference point to compare man with.	虽说人可以成为人类研究的恰当对象，但没有一个参考点可以和人进行对比，这样的研究取得不了什么成果。
Is there anyone I could talk to about maybe... 	我可以和参加红色熊猫援助的… 
Just tell me who's been creeping. 	快告诉我有谁想要去。 
My love, Oh, my love...	吾爱，哦，吾爱... 
Okay, should I be thinking five - star restaurant or Cape COD clambake?	我应该选这条去五星级酒店穿的还是这条去科德角参加社交宴会穿的？
This month there was speculation that los angeles superstar kobe bryant would lead a barnstorming-type exhibition tour of china that might include a number of other big names, though beskitas is also reportedly meeting with bryant to try to lure him to turkey.	这个月有人猜测洛杉矶超级巨星科比布莱恩特（kobe bryant）可能会与其他一些明星来中国举行巡回赛，但据称贝西克塔斯俱乐部也在与布莱恩特接洽，试图吸引他去土耳其。
I don't want your husband.	我不稀罕你的丈夫。
Yeah, it's a pass card for the building garage. 	是的，这是车库的通行卡。 
But I disappeared into what it was. 	但我失去了意识 
You didn't cause this. You didn't make this happen. 	我没有因为你而离开。这不是你造成的。 
Federal courts in ohio and the state of washington have rejected similar lawsuits.	在俄亥俄州以及华盛顿州的联邦法庭都曾驳回过类似的指控。
Huh? To an artistic eye. 	啊？在一个艺术家的眼中。 
Yes, well, we need to find out everything we can.	我们需要尽力找出来。
First you're evicting the guy, 	先是让他搬出你家， 
Meantime, they will be safe with me. 	另外他们跟我在一起很安全。 
So when his friend set him up on a blind date with a beautiful stranger. 	所以每当他的朋友为他安排和一个美丽的陌生女郎约会。 
Presently, the postmistress came out of her living area and stepped behind the counter.	过了不久，女邮递员从生活区走到柜台后。
Look, if you ever need anything, I hope you'll give me a call.	听着，如果你有什么需要，希望你能打电话给我。
I didn't... - dad?	我不是... - 爸爸？
Well, I wonder. 	啊，我感到纳闷。 
But private equity firms don't get this far into deal talks without having mapped out a viable exit plan, even if the specifics usually change over time.	但是，在还没有设计出一个可行的退出计划之前，私募股权投资公司不会进入到交易谈判进程中如此深度的阶段，即便其交易细节通常会随着时间的推移而有所改变。
Well? There was a photograph of that man...	如何？有一张这个人的照片……
I had Luthorcorp's ballistic people up all night	我让卢瑟公司所有的弹道学专家不眠不休
No, the golden carrot belongs in the were - rabbit. 	不，金萝卜是属于那个兔怪的。 
Now you take it easy, doc.	你不要激动，医生。
Top dance!	最棒的舞蹈！
I told you not to look for her. 	我告诉过你不要找她的。 
Ah yeah, sorry about that.	是啊，不好意思啊。
But she says there's something wrong with you. 	但是她说你有些事不对劲。 
That hath all achieved!	一切如愿！
The dog snot out of the gate and was half way across the field before we know it.	狗从大门口蹿出去，当我们发觉时，它已经穿过半块田地了。
As we look at the town plan of cosa, 	当我们看科萨城的平面图时， 
Who are the scribes and pharisees.	文士和法利赛人是谁。
Oh, my God, this is so much fun. 	天啊，这真的好好玩。 
I never met one made me want to give up all the others. 	我从来没有遇到哪个女人可以让我放弃其他的女人。 
Wrote on my song	为我写的歌词
Well, a lot of people made alls before the blackout. 	很多人都在休克之前打过电话。 
He would have been a true king, a good king. 	他是一个真正的王者一个好国王。 
We could maybe do it another time? Listen, I...	我看你已经不需要这个约会了听着，我...
Upon hearing this, hamlet was even more furious with claudius, and his mother.	一听到这个秘密，哈姆雷特对克劳迪斯和他的母亲更加愤恨不已。
Never to be heard from again. 	从此后再没了消息。 
He takes the little men... 	他把小人拿过来... 
The Republic has finally recaptured the separatist planet	共和国终于再次夺取这颗分离势力星球
She is also a co-host of the fashion show.	她也是一家时尚秀的合作主持人。
Because she was saving it for us. 	因为她想留给我们。 
Uh, which pipe? 	嗯哪，条管道？ 
A pit guy is someone you've been obsessed with for so long...	宿敌就是你恨了很多年。
I'm pushing morals aside and flexing my muscles.	我把道德放一边，锻炼我的肌肉。
I knew it. - I'm so... 	我就知道。- 我太... 
I don't know how he got my home number. 	我都不知道他怎么知道我家里的电话的。 
The libero is very good at passing and digging.	自由人非常擅长传球和垫球。
That her fans have access to her life. 	她的粉丝能走进她的生活。 
After being ejected, a cubesat might unfurl antennas or a solar sail.	在被发射后，一颗立方卫星可能会展开它的天线和太阳帆。
Try to kill it, OK?	弄死它，好吗？
Wherefore, if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, prating against us with malicious words: and not content therewith, neither doth he himself receive the brethren, and forbiddeth them that would, and casteth them out of the church.	所以我若去、必要提说他所行的事、就是他用恶言妄论我们还不以此为足、他自己不接待弟兄、有人愿意接待、他也禁止、并且将接待弟兄的人赶出教会。
Nannies are compensated$ 50000 to$ 150000 a year depending on time and experience.	根据她们各自的工作时间和经验保姆门每年能拿到5万-15万美元不等的工资。
So many guys get the wrong idea.	好多人男的都会想错我的意思。
so you're an aficionado of the bard, are you?	大文豪啊你？
Ls this the chandigarh team?	这是昌迪加尔队吗?
Of course she is. 	她当然是了。 
Laura conigliaro of goldman sachs, another investment bank, expects those 10% margins to be "a milestone rather than an endpoint".	另外一家投资银行高盛（goldman sachs）分析师劳拉-康尼里亚罗（laura conigliaro）则预计，10%的利润是里程碑而不是终点。
And I'll respect you a hell of a lot more 	如果你告诉我真相的话 
She started gasping. 	她开始喘息 
Obelix, no cheating! 	奥贝里克斯，不许作弊！ 
Perfect kids don't usually get murdered by someone they know. 	完美的孩子通常可不会被熟人所杀。 
I told you bringing him here was a mistake. I know that. 	我告诉过你带他来是个错误。我知道的。 
I understand he uses her sometimes in the most... Underhand ways. 	我知道他有时会用最隐秘的方法……利用她。 
Or the Republic...	共和国...
Make our world unlike any other...	创建属于我们的独一无二的新天地......
Just weeks after announcing it was spinning off the dvd business and rebranding it "qwikster," the company has backtracked. "	几周前网飞刚刚宣布剥离自身的DVD业务，另外成立了一个名叫“Qwikster”的品牌，不过现在它却打了退堂鼓。
The weather forcast says it will rain heavily tomorrow.	天气预报说明天要下大雨。
Afi meteorological bulletin exchange scheme;	非洲印度洋气象简报交换计划；
Inspired by his baby girl, jas.	受到了她的宝贝女儿小茉的启发。
She said none, are you sure? 	她说没有，是吗？ 
But I got all tongue - tied and I wasn't making sense. 	但我的舌头不听使唤我不知道说什么好了。 
And she wanted to stay close. 	她希望跟您住近些。 
And all I could hear her say was how good of a kid he was	我只听到她说他是个好孩子
He hadn't done anything wrong. 	他并没有做错什么。 
Kids hiring a bodyguard to take care of a bully? 	三个小崽子雇保镖，收拾校霸？ 
And I tried to tell you, but I couldn't,	我本想告诉你，但我难以启齿，
Changes that appear to have no direction, only that we must allow ourselves to be led, i.e. give up the known old road and follow a new road in the forest.	这种变化看来没有方向，只是我们必须允许自己接受引导，即：放弃已知的旧路，在丛林中里跟随一条新路。
Well, as amazing as a house can be without an in - kitchen composter.	呃，作为一个厨房里不配堆肥器的房子来说确实很棒了。
Kids always alternate between parents.	孩子们总是在父母之间做出选择。
Then I look at him... 	当注视着他… 
I'm already soaked. 	我已经湿透了。 
I came to you as a journalist.	我又以记者的身份来。
I can do it myself, you know. 	我自己来就好了。 
My family cheered as I sat down.	我坐下来时一家人向我欢呼。
Best mass - produced combat weapon ever made.	史上最好的的量产作战武器。
No, please, please. You gotta -  	拜托，拜托，你必须 -  
You say final show like you knew it was gonna be her last. 	你说是最后的演出好像你知道这是她的最后一次一样。 
You do your dirt, nobody's gonna bother you. 	干你们的勾当，没人鸟你。 
There is too much smoke in the meeting room.	会议室里烟太多了。
He's no household name, 	他不是知名人物， 
Look, major, you want to run and tell your superiors the sky is falling, go ahead.	少校你想跑去报告上级说天要塌下来了请便。
You sat us down, and then you told us that you could be responsible. 	你们让我们坐下告诉我们你们可以对自己负责的。 
cause I've been overseas the past 14 months, and...	因为过去14个月我呆在国外，而且...
This was the strategy of obscure bodies known as structured investment vehicles ( sivs) and conduits.	这就是那些高深莫测的机构（即所谓的结构性投资机构（siv）和管道机构）所采用的策略。
I'm here to see sister summersisie.	我来这里是要见岛主姐姐。
About what? Aw, hell, I don't know. 	为了什么？哦，该死，我不知道。 
Freeze! He said freeze!	站住！他说站住！
Treatment for carcinoid tumors usually includes surgery and may include medications.	良性肿瘤的治疗方法包括手术，也可以通过药物治疗。
Two tickets to the Dairy State Cheese and Beer Festival. 	两张奶制品大洲的奶酪啤酒节门票。 
She's just gonna show up? Here?	她会在这里出现？这里？
I didn't really mean to call you baby.	我不是故意叫你宝贝的。
Holy crap... Ooh, hey, girls. 	我了个... 哦，嘿，姑娘们好啊。 
I believe the mistake that a lot of people make	我想，很多人在想到企业的时候
Call me if you need me. Okay. 	如果你要找我，打我电话。好的。 
Einstein's warping found around neutron stars	在中子星周围发现了时空扭曲
If you hurt Gaius... 	你要敢伤害盖乌斯....... 
They resettled in los angeles in 1998.	他们在1998年重新定居于洛杉矶.
You have to keep drinking like you said, remember? 	你必须坚持喝完像你说的那样记得吗？ 
Residents from "cage hostels" and partitioned flats met legislators to voice their concerns.	笼屋及板间房的居民到立法会与议员会面，表达他们的忧虑。
My brother's kid. 	我兄弟的孩子。 
Fix the fan, make it right. Make it blow with all its might. 	快快复原电风扇。就像它原来一样快。 
To the office. Let's go 	去办公室，走吧。 
My dad will put them on the guest list. OK? 	我爸会把他们加到宾客名单里的。好吗？ 
All things are possible.	一切皆可能。
Answer me yes, or no, son. 	回答我是不是小子。 
You know what's worse than the fear of speaking the truth, Mr. Kent?	你知道什么是比害怕说出真相还严重的事吗，肯特先生？
Have to play by the same rule. 	双方都要遵守一样的规则。 
Well, this is an unfortunate part of the un institution.	得，这是联合国机构令人遗憾的地方。
We have to stick together. - hey! Hey! Hey! 	我们得团结- 喂喂喂！ 
Lot more sleep than current farmers, and a lot more leisure than farming people,	他们比现代农民更睡觉时间更长，他们的闲暇时间也比农民更多，
Take him back to Masseria.	把他带回给马赫里亚。
He deals with multiple foes at the same time. 	他一个人同时对付几个坏人。 
Got a life's worth of tears out.	把一辈子的眼泪都流干了。
You know, four years ago, he was a top ranked middleweight. 	四年前他是一流的中量级选手。 
Because you've been to tribal Council, you now have fire in the form of flint. 	因为你们开过部落大会，所以你们现在可以有打火石了。 
To our advantage. 	使情况变得对我们有利。 
Before you even get started, you have to create your marketing pitch--get some decent photos, write an engaging profile, sometimes take a personality test.	甚至在你还没有开始之前，你就得进行一番行销宣传弄一些体面的照片、写一份有吸引力的资料，有时还要参加性格测试。
So-called "redox" flow batteries are sometimes used to balance grid power and store energy from wind turbines or solar panels.	这种所谓的“氧化还原”流体电池通常用来平衡并网发电以及从风力涡轮或太阳能板中储存电量。
I got the fishmonger to skin the fish which helped save on the preparation time.	我让鱼贩把鱼鳞刮了，这样准备烹制时能省点儿事。
Oh, no. I must have ox fever!	不。我肯定得了公牛热病
I'd like to help solve a murder. 	我来帮忙了结一桩命案。 
Choke me. I don't want to, Lin. 	掐住我。我才不要这么做，林。 
Why is it that actors - - bye. 	为什么演员都... 再见。 
Too degrading for a big star like me.	对我这样一个大明星来说太没面子了。
You lost ,007. 	你输了，007. 
And my team?	我的球队呢？
There's something my mom's not telling us. 	我妈肯定对我们隐瞒了什么。 
You know what? No, I'm done.	你知道么，我受够了。
You'll be staying here. 	你只能留在这。 
They are way more creative.	他们更具创意。
Nah, it wasn't like that. I was her manager.	不,不是你想的那样我是她经纪人。
They also included only studies that ealuated the use of the hormone in randomized, controlled clinical trials.	也包括那些在对比临床试验中，仅仅评估随机使用生长激素的研究。
Finding links the old - fashioned way. 	找到事物联系的老办法。 
I'm fine. This guy's just lost.	我很好。这家伙迷路了。
You are talking about an armed assault 	你这是在谋划 
Do you think Brian Lexington killed Jeff Colson? 	你认为是布莱恩雷克辛顿杀了杰夫科尔森？ 
Lying in bed listening to the rain outside.	躺在床上倾听外面的雨声。
Not to hunt down some carnival Barker.	不是去搜捕一些嘉年华会狂欢者。
We come home from a ride and go onto a run 	我们可以开车兜风然后一起跑步 
I'm very prone to anxiety attacks. 	我有时候会犯焦虑症的。 
Because, here's his I learned how to use a printer certificate.	因为，这里有张如何学习装裱技术 证书。
He was Italian? 	他是意大利人吗？ 
You stupid shit head! Get out my office! Get out!	你那脑子塞的都是粪！你好走了，滚！
Um... Look, I'll keep an eye on him, okay? 	嗯……听着，我会注意他的，好吗？ 
I believe your youngest daughter has been on a journey.	听出你的小女儿出了趟门。
I'll open up the next hangar.	我去打开下一个机库。
Those two men she killed?	她杀死的那两个人？
He never finished his doctorate. 	他没有完成博士学位。 
He says that it is not his place to comment on government commitment to further funds.	他说他不适宜就政府进一步投入资金的承诺发表评论。
Kr: yeah, it's the best place to start so for sure it was nice.	基米-雷克南：是的，这是一个发车的最佳位置，自然非常不错。
In this case, if I knew, I might tell you, but I don't. 	在这种情况下，如果我知道，那我可能会告诉你，可惜我不知道。 
The body was found here by Pierce 7.	尸体在七号码头被找到。
So you're saying that she's single. 	你说她是单身的。 
While the robbers use their own money.	而盗墓贼用的是自己的钱。
At my people's suffering.	任我那的族人受尽折磨。
This paper discusses the design of detection instruments for gyro, and the way of date collcting and date processing, according to method of modem detection technology and system design.	结合现代检测技术与系统设计的方法，介绍陀螺检测仪的设计与实现，及相关数据采集与数据处理的方法。
Certainly fashion-forward shoppers that already do share their wardrobe will have no qualms.	当然，有些时尚前卫的消费者本来就喜欢分享衣橱里的各种服饰，他们肯定不会有什么顾虑。
Now the head of the private school where mr fan worked is under pressure to fire the teacher, and publicly questioned mr fan's wisdom in being so frank.	范美忠所在的私立学校的校长现在受到社会舆论压力要求辞退这位老师，校长也公开质疑范美忠如此坦率的言论是否是聪明的行为。
And I probably wouldn't mind. 	我也许不在意。 
The whole thing goes:'the future is not set. 	整件事就是这样。 
For many of their owners, however, the season has been far from peaceful.	然而对于许多船主而言，这个夏天绝非平静。
A Washington State historic landmark, Lakewold's Georgian-style mansion and historic architecture complete the 10 acres where visitors can step back in time to an elegant past or enjoy a relaxing moment to contemplate the future. 	华盛顿州的历史性界标、莱克伍德的乔治亚式大厦和历史性建筑占地10英亩，会让游客感觉时光倒流到了一个优雅的过去时代，抑或是在一个放松的瞬间陷入对未来的沉思。 
Tell your master that her Majesty - will gladly accept. 	去告诉你的主人女王陛下-会欣然接受这份礼物。 
Before they were caught? 	在被抓前？ 
But for all the cool things that a person can do with a pc, there are lots of other ways we can put our creativity and intelligence to work to improve our world.	但是，除了能用电脑做出很酷的事情之外，我们还能通过许多别的方式在工作中发挥自己的创造力和聪明才智，以改善我们的世界。
...a garden terrace where you can drink your aperitifs.	可用来餐前小酌的花园露台
I thought, "I had a great time." You know?	我想，“我非常愉快。”你知道么？
But colleges can cost over $300,000 grand by 2028. 	但到2028年大学费用就会超过30万大洋了哦。 
A nun falling down for the stairs.	答案是一个修女正在滚下楼梯。
we're gonna beat this thing based off the tips of a locksmith?	我们就靠那个锁匠来通过测谎？
She sees something in Khal Drogo	她从卓戈卡奥的神色感受到了某种东西
Just ignore the urine - jar lady back there. 	无视那个抱着尿罐的女人吧。 
Just that he's an Olympic gymnast.	就只知道他是个奥林匹克冠军。
From the lobby no later than 10:00 tomorrow night.	各自科室相关人员都可以出发。
Wife says the guy's a player. She doesn't know the women. 	他妻子说死者是个花花公子。她不认识那女人。 
And I had gone home primarily to show catarina lvanovna 	我回家主要是给卡塔琳娜·伊万诺夫娜展示一下 
Looks like, he's checking the oil. 	像是，在检查油箱。 
Well, here are your options.	好吧，你的选择如下。
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Hotel Konak is a distinguished hotel overlooking a magnificent view of Izmir Bay. 	贝斯特韦斯特科纳克优质酒店是著名的酒店，可俯瞰伊兹密尔海湾的壮丽景观。 
My senses are heightened. 	感觉更敏锐了。 
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go.	可是，我知道。我的意思是，不，你是对的。我猜我能挺过去的。
I saw it a few nights ago.	几天前我发现的。
I've had tea with him. Ask fulvio. 	我和他喝过茶。你问弗维奥。 
Virtualization can pay big dividends on big server iron, but you can build and test your vms ( virtual machines) on practically any system-from a notebook pc on up.	虚拟化可以给大的服务器带来大的收益，但实际上你可以在任何系统上测试你的虚拟机笔记本、pc都可以。
If therefore you have not become faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will entrust to you what is true?	你们若是在不义的钱财上不忠信，谁还把那真实的信托你们？
I can only vouch for your safety if you stayed out of the forest.	我只能担保你在树林外的安全。
Labonte low, Peyton in the middle! 	佩顿在中间！ 
Now put that stuff away. 	把那些东西收起来。 
We are in a snake pit, 	我们现在四面环敌， 
I - just -  Doing what we do. 	只是做我们该做的。 
Yet doesn't check to make sure he's dead. 	但是却没有确认一下他是不是死了。 
Probing into information on seismogenic information extracted from repeated gravimetric data using method of field theory.	从重复重力测量资料中用场论方法提取孕震信息的探讨。
Tyler, you still going to take down Andrew and Martin Charles?	泰勒，你还要扳倒安德鲁和马丁查尔斯公司吗？
A little overdone, I'd say.	我想说，这肉有点老了。
They'll get to you eventually, but right now they're busy with this salvage operation, I guess.	他们最终会找你的，但现在，他们正忙于打捞，我想。
Telling the media there was no other way!	告诉新闻记者，这是唯一的选择！
Fine. Took some oxy. Whatever.	好吧。吃了点羟考酮。管它呢。
That is rarefied air, that very few peopleever get to experience. 	多纯净的空气啊，很少有人能体会到的。 
We can close up here. I should see it through.	我们把这里封锁起来。我要呆到全部结束。
But maybe I should put it this way. 	不过，或许我该这么来说。 
It's like watching a bunch of retards trying to fuck a doorknob out there. 	就像几个白痴在操门把手一样。 
I made roast beef and Yorkshire pudding.	我做了炖肉和约克郡式布丁。
Well, you know, number one, bad luck is kind of in the job description. 	你也知道首先霉运是咱们工作的一部分。 
Jack is a real pain in the neck because he likes to find fault with others.	杰克真讨人厌，因为他喜欢对人吹毛求疵。
Where do you get a taxi around here? 	在这附近哪儿能找到出租车？ 
It's hard to fathom today, but when smith collaborated with a handful of japanese companies--including roland and yamaha--to bring midi into the world 30 years ago, he skipped the licensing fees, instead offering up his idea for the world to steal. "	这在今天可能很难想象，但30年前，当史密斯和众多日本公司合作——包括罗兰公司（Roland）和雅马哈公司（Yamaha），将MIDI技术推向世界时，他没要求授权费，而是慷慨地把自己创意奉献给了全世界，任人取用。
Ugh. I've been up since 5:00 a. M. 	我早上5点就起床了。 
So uh, I asked Dr. Monroe 	所以，我让曼洛医生 
Especially now that he has powers.	更何况他如今有了力量
Come on. You know I'm right. 	得了吧。你知道我是对的。 
The company has been considering its options for intervening in various legal actions apple has taken against its android partners, a person familiar with the matter said.	知情人士说，针对苹果不断把安卓合作伙伴告上法庭一事，谷歌一直在考虑可能采取的介入方案。
While you, it would appear, have plenty. 	但你看情形却会损失惨重。 
It's shut down. A week, maybe ten days to clean up, and it's over.	已经关掉了。再花一周，或是十天来清理，然后就结束了。
I was - I mean, I think I was. 	我是-我意思， 我曾经很棒。 
Okay, so we get through that wall...	好吧，假设我们穿过了那堵墙。
What does it say? Let's see. 	上面说什么？让我看看。 
Look, man, I felt cheated, so I sent a message.	你看，兄弟，我觉得有人作弊了就提了点意见。
But this time they were.	但这次都对了。
I don't get that. Something sexual? 	我不大明白。你指性爱？ 
The corpse too is missing!	尸体也不见了！
Think we've been taking her a little too seriously.	咱是不是太拿她当回事了。
This native american plant is a fine first-line treatment for colds and flu.	这种产自美国本土的植物是治疗感冒和流感的最佳药物。
It was analogous to pulling a critical block ( a constant) out of an unsteady jenga tower ( the universe), toppling the stack.	这类似于从一座不稳定的叠叠乐（宇宙）中抽出一块关键的砖（一个常量），结果是倾覆。
There's a micro dermal sensor in the grip...	在握把上有个皮肤传感器...
As I see her now, he'd forgive the error. 	也会象我现在看见她一样，被深深的迷住。 
Adrian's doing a degree in philosophy at leeds university.	网德里安在利兹大学攻读哲学学位。
Kind of Iike it Iooks right now.	会跟现在差不多。
Out of a lousy stickup for? 	小题大做呢？ 
My destiny with you 	注定剪不断相交背影 
We got delayed while returning from the temple. 	我们去了寺庙，才来晚了。 
I teach American history at the University of Pennsylvania. 	我在宾西法尼亚大学教美国历史。 
Shanghai science and technology department of tsinghua university bookstore book distribution.	上海清华图书发行部科技书店。
If I had that, I think I'd cut myself and take it out. 	如果是我，我就切开把虫子挖出来。 
In computer science, garbage is generally classified into two types: semantic garbage and syntactic garbage.	计算机科学中，无用信息一般分为两类：语义无用信息和句法无用信息。
It's not loaded, I swear.	我发誓没带着。
don't worry about a thing. Just... Be yourself. 	别担心什么，只是... 表现自然。 
But grace, I really don't want you dating anyone else.	但是格瑞丝我不想让你和其他人约会。
Mr espaillat had conceded the day before.	在此前一天艾斯派亚已经认输。
Yes, sir. You'll be in the royal suite.	做了，先生。我们帮您订了皇家套房
You sound amazing. This is going to be amazing.	你的声音超赞。演出一定也会超赞的。
People living near the airport are pushing for new rules about night.	机场附近居民强烈要求制定新的夜航规则。
You are so terrible at this. You are so bad. 	在此，你是如此可怕。你是如此糟糕。 
Okay. I said what I had to say.	好吧。我说了我该说的。
While everyone was asleep, I went into the bathroom and did it. 	当所有人都睡着时，我走进了浴室然后做了。 
I see that your schemes aren't getting any smarter.	我觉得你的计策没有什么长进。
What do you weigh, a buck ten?	你在谈什么区区10元交易么？
At night, the world is still dark, lights of ji zhan ming alone, a huge sky has been so deep, all remind you that the world has not the slightest change in your success.	在夜晚，世界依然黑暗，万家灯火几盏独明，巨大的苍穹一直那样深邃，这一切都在提醒你，世界并没有因为你的成功改变丝毫。
What I say depends on you.	我说的话全赖于你。
Somewhat chagrined, the minister's wife replied, gee, funny you should think so.	牧师妻子显出有些懊恼地回答说：唧，你这样认为真是好笑。
Hung-chien asked what happened with li.	鸿渐问梅亭的事怎样了的。
The way I feel for you doesn't go away.	你得音容笑貌，我不会忘记。
I didn't even know it was stolen until last night. 	我也是直到昨晚才知道偷钱的事情的。 
The key distribution is regarded as the critical and fundamental issue for security services.	而金钥散布机制向被视为提供安全服务的基础课题。
But that's because they were leaving her alone for a week - 	不过，那是因为他们要离开她一周了 
Though some of the apps and documentation surrounding the opensuse education project tend to be of a more technical nature than alternatives in other education software bundles, that won't be an issue for it admins or advanced computer users planning to try out this collection.	尽管有些围绕opensuse教育版的应用程序和文档具有很强的技术性，而不是其他教育软件包的替代品，对于那些it管理员和想要尝试这款套件的高级计算机用户来说根本算不得一回事。
The BEST WESTERN Hotel City Gavle is a charming and newly renovated hotel in the best downtown location. 	耶夫勒城市贝斯特韦斯特酒店是一家迷人的新修酒店，位于优越的市区位置。 
We had a good reputation about the morality of the group... 	我们的团队有不错的声誉…… 
You did it because you felt like your efforts had been unappreciated, unnoticed. 	你这么做是因为你觉得你的努力都没被人重视过，称赞过。 
Only to have them diminished. 	仅仅是要让他们消失。 
And I think that you can be honest without being inappropriate.	你应该在得体的前提下诚实。
I sat there and watched him do it.	我看着他这么做了。
We need to get her back with her family. 	让她跟家人们团聚。 
But do we yearn to possess these extraordinary powers for another, 	但我们渴望拥有这些神奇的能力， 
You always could.	你一直拥有这种力量
I've seen an old friend of mine. Do you mind?	我看到一个老朋友了您介意我走开吗？
I think your father is capable of anything.	我觉得你爸爸什么都做得出来。
In my opinion, he's more interested in endorsements than winning basketball games. 	在我看来，他对于广告合同比赢比赛感兴趣的多。 
Toggle metacharacter expansion of local file names.	切换本地文件名的通配符扩展。
It's good to get out and see the destruction.	偶尔出来看看这些残垣断壁也不错。
I appreciate that, and you being here half - dressed. 	我喜欢，还有你今晚香艳的装束。 
Mr byrum here can take your exemplars while you talk. 	拜若先生会记下你在回答问讯时的状态 
I'll have three years sober this may.	到今年五月我就有三年滴酒未沾了。
Let me see...... perhaps I could fit you in at 4:30 tomorrow.	让我查一下……也许我能把你安排在明天4点30分。
And the best young entrepreneurs are genuinely interested in other people and cultures, always eager to sit down and share a meal with others.	最优秀的年轻企业家应对其他人和其他文化真正感兴趣，总是渴望坐下来与他人共餐。
No, not in there.	不,不进去。
It looks like she'll be too busy to stop for a coffee break.	看来她太忙了，连停下来喝杯咖啡的时间都没有。
Each in our own League.	在我们自己的组织中。
I am looking at a keypad and a LCD radar 	太好了，当你打开面板的时候告诉我你看到些什么 
I am. I want your gun. Give me your gun. 	我是。我要你们的枪。把枪给我。 
And I'd like to talk to him and get his advice.' 	我要和他谈谈看看他有什么意见 
My brother-in-law is a real muttonhead.	我的姐夫真是一个笨蛋。
The geckos are adapted to life in a rainforest and their disguises are so good that species and sub-species are still being discovered.	这些壁虎适应雨林生活，它们的伪装如此巧妙，至今，还在发现新的种类和亚种类。
How do you mean she getoutof skate	你以前做那么多坏事怎么洗清的
I mean, seriously. Are you an idiot? Yup. 	拜托，你是白痴吗？木错。 
I fell asleep. It's okay. 	我睡着了。没关系。 
Did you say testicles? I did say testicles. 	你刚才是说睾丸吗？没错。 
This text discusses its academic foundation, necessity and approach of practice detailedly, in order to raise some reasonable academic directions for school moral education.	本文重点对生活道德教育的理论基础、必要性和实践途径作了详细阐述，旨在给学校道德教育提出一点合理的理论指导。
Boy,that was kind of neat how she just whoop-flipped your words around on you there.	伙计，刚才她套用你的话挺顺的。
Ten bucks says this guy ain't even heeled. I'll take that bet.	我出十块赌他手枪都没带。我接受。
Or you can have a dishonorable discharge.	或者你被开除。
The living room has a sofabed, flat screen TV, desk/ergonomic chair includes free  high-speed Internet, lounge chair with ottoman. 	客厅有沙发床、平板电视、办公桌/旁符合人类工程学的椅子、免费高速互联网、带搁脚凳的休闲椅。 
When a program writes to memory, the processor only modifies the line in the cache, but does not update main memory.	当一个程序写入存储，处理器仅仅只会修改缓存线，而不会更新主要的存储内容。
That must have made you sore	好微妙的关系。
But, what you need is a woman that's disciplined and secure.	可是，你需要一个又听话又安全的女人。
There have been a lot of innovations, and the american economy has always done best leaving those decisions to investors.	现在已有很多创新，而一直以来将决定权留给投资者是对美国经济最有利的方式。
The sunday scrambling reflected the fact that officials had too many fires to put out and too few good options to choose from.	周日的混战反映了官员们还有很多“火”要救，无奈可选良策太少。
Some have been published 	我出版的作品 
Please jailer, let me see my father! can't be done. 	拜托了，狱卒，让我见见我的父亲不行。 
If I were you, I'd try and talk me out of it. 	如果我是你一定会劝自己别插手。 
The word "sensuous" had the effect of further disquieting tom, but before he could invent a protest the coupe came to a stop, and daisy signaled us to draw up alongside.	“肉感”这两个字使汤姆感到更加惶惶不安，但他还没来得及找话来表示反对，小轿车已经停了下来，黛西打着手势叫我们开上去并排停下。
Because I'm your father and you live in my house.	因为我是你父亲你住在我房子里。
There is a recurring paradox - abcfrom death comes life. 	存在着一个循环的悖论- 有死才有生。 
But you must at least keep meeting me like old times 	但是你至少要和我长久保持约会 
Yes, a - you do! 	是的，你喜欢！ 
I love everything about it - even the color is perfect. 	喜欢它的一切 - 连颜色都那么完美。 
No, I I've got my band. My music speaks for itself.	不，我- 我背后还有乐队。我的音乐自有人赏识。
Do you know where I could find them? 	你知道我在哪儿能找到他们吗？ 
When the world gives you lemons it's time to make lemonade. 	世界给你柠檬就是做柠檬汁的时候。 
How will he not hear? 	他怎么能不听？ 
I'm afraid that if they figure out this guy's a cop...	我担心他要是发现他是个警察…
Get out! Your presence here is as useful as fine bone China at a tea - party for drunken elephants. 	出去！你的存在毫无用处。就好比为醉酒的大象的茶会提供精致的骨灰瓷。 
We must make you look suitable for such elevated company.	一定要让你在这样高层的聚会中看起来很适宜。
I was ready to give up everything. 	我也愿意放案一切。 
Captain's gonna want more evidence that the shooter's a cop. 	凶手是个警察，队长肯定想要更多的证据。 
But there was a cyst.	但那里有个肿囊。
I don't like the stinky parts. 	我不喜欢吃下水。 
We're older but we're wiser. 	我们年纪大了可我们更聪明了。 
Sweetie ,daddy, look. 	宝贝儿,爸爸,你看啊。 
Stay close. Stay calm. Try not to take too many deep breaths.	别走远了，别慌，别大口呼吸。
The writer mentioned following aspects in the study of ethnical culture on chinese historical restaurant brands.	笔者在本论文里对于中国餐饮业老字号的民族文化研究提出了以下几个方面的内容。
Right. Cellular memory.	对。细胞记忆。
Yes, but it still happened on my watch. No matter what I say, this whole thing's still going come down on me. Right?	但也是在我监视下发生的。无论我怎么说，最后也会怪罪到我头上？
Of structural abnormalities.	结构异常的迹象。
Rest or the like.	休息什么的。
I told him not to go, but he's faulty, malfunctioning. 	我叫他不要走，但他失常了，机械故障。 
Well, we're working on a stakeout together. 	我们一起执行监视任务。 
And my beautiful children, 	我可爱的孩子们， 
I have no clue what it is, 	我根本就不知道这是什么， 
You would call it a marlin, right? Yeah.	你叫它枪鱼，对吗？对。
We're laughing, enjoying our friendship.	我们在笑，享受我们的友谊。
Well, I am afraid, Madame, that my days are sacrosanct. 	很抱歉，夫人，白天不行。 
You know what's the matter with the world these days?	你知道今日的世界有啥问题不？
With their 11,000 artillery tubes trained on Seoul, South Korea. 	北朝鲜可能会利用它们的11000门火炮，对南朝鲜的汉城采取报复行动。 
In a way that other lasers just can't! Send your money now! Ah, thank you! 	别的镭射激光都不行！请你们马上汇钱来吧！谢谢！ 
Somebody was tailing them.	有人在跟踪他们。
Why'd you kill tucker?	你为什么杀的是塔克？
Why the disposable phone? 	为什么买一次性手机？ 
She says these things are hers	她说这些东西是她的
Now, I already knew my daughter was into girls. 	我已经知道我女儿喜欢女孩了。 
We use this training to identify our enemies, whether it's counterintelligence	我们通过这种训练，来在实战中确定我们的敌人。
But I can also take care of myself, you know. 	我能自己照顾好自己，你知道。 
Egypt's president, hosni mubarak, came to power in egypt after the assassination of anwar sadat in october 1981.	埃及总统胡斯尼布巴拉克在1981年10月前总统安瓦尔萨达特遭暗杀后登上权力顶峰。
You're buried under an overpass, never to be heard from again.	你被埋在一座立交桥下，四处无人。
Your family is proud of you.	你的家人为你自豪。
Step 3: if you cannot dislodge the object, transport the cat to the veterinarian immediately.	第3步：如果你无法取出异物，应立即将猫咪送往兽医处治疗。
But the cops will be on it now.	但条子还是会发现的。
Broadband wasn't widespread, so asking users to download a big chunk of javascript code over a dial-up connection when they first visited a site was considered a gamble.	在当时宽带还并不普及的情况下，要求用户使用拨号连接在第一次访问网站时就要下载一大堆javascript的代码，被认为是一个巨大的冒险。
There's not a day gose by I don't feel regret.	我没有一天不后悔。
Your mum's Mary Samson? 	你妈是玛丽•萨姆森？ 
And Dottie's never gonna give you a second look. 	多蒂根本不会多看你一眼。 
If he did something to the baby... 	如果他对宝宝做了什么... 
It is an energetic exchange, but a risky one.	这是积极的互动，但却是冒险之举。
I should have. This is a huge line that's being crossed.	我应该告诉你的。你太过分了。
The success of Stockton's style is a throwback... 	但是我们从斯托克顿这种球员的身上。 
Hey, you recognize those two kids? 	你记得这俩孩子吗？ 
I need a favour of you.	我需要你帮我一件事。
The new legislation would have operated under a "three strikes" system.	新的立法将在“事不过三”体系下运作。
Your conscience got the better of you, that's what.	你的良心占了上风，这就是原因。
You said yourseIf the world is going to hell any second. 	你亲口说过世界随时都会毁灭。 
But the problem is it's only an inch wide,	但问题是它只有3厘米宽
A lot of the old walking stiff trade.	有尸体买卖的生意。
At this point, you might expect mr duncan to call for a return to the gold standard.	基于这一点，你也许会寄希望于邓肯先生呼吁恢复金本位制。
I got everything almost finished. Great! Here, help me with this stuff.	差不多都搞定了。好的！来，帮我搬一下这个。
But there's some news from the Bureau 	但办公室传来了一个消息 
And that's how he talks his way into people's houses. 	他正是靠这招敲开受害者的家门。 
The numbers, Nick. 	数据，尼克。 
You're putting money down on a game? You promised you quit.	你又赌球？你保证过不会的了。
But the anchorage-led creditors backing the spyglass plan already hold their own 'blocking position,' of over one-third of the debt.	但以anchorage公司为首支持spyglass方案的债权人已经拥有超过三分之一的债权，等于它们也有了“封杀”大权。
Yet other studies have found that skills such as playing an instrument or speaking another language are easier for young people whose brain connections are still forming.	然而，其他研究已经发现，像弹奏乐器或说另外一种语言这样的技能对大脑连接尚在形成阶段的年轻人来说学起来更容易。
But as with so many things on craigslist, the truth is a little dingier than what was promised.	但是在craigslist上的广告是如此之多，真相往往要比许诺逊色。
Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my er! 	嘿！嘿！别在我这儿闹事！ 
It wasn't my intention, 	它不是我的意图， 
Instead of just admitting to the present limits of our knowledge	不是仅仅承认我们现有知识的有限性
I'm coming, pa! 	我来了，爸！ 
Would you mind if I, too, checked it out?	你不介意我，也，出席吧？
It's because we're transpolar.	因为我们属于抽调部队。
Randomised trials, which are the gold standard in medical research, will be tricky to impossible: women are unlikely to accept a researcher's arbitrary instruction about where they should give birth.	医学研究的黄金准则，随机试验的方法，不但没有准头，且也是不可能的：准妈妈们不可能接受研究人员的对她在哪里分娩给出的任意指令。
She didn't give notice.	她没交离开通知。
So after we dropped the ring off at the safe,	因此我们把戒指放到保险箱后，
Really. So am I. You're just used to me. 	是啊。其实我也厉害的。只是你们习惯我厉害了而已。 
That's true. But it's not exactly fair, is it? 	是的。这不公平，对吧？ 
Where's that nitwit?	那傻瓜去哪儿了？
Today's program is over. 	今天的节目演完了。 
Hospitals and Clinics: 	医院和诊所： 
Mister borlaug is still urging experts to think about the needs of people around the world.	博洛格先生仍然在敦促专家们考虑全球人民的需求问题。
The u.s. and governments across the globe have been frantically building massive underground bunkers and "doomsday vaults", without giving the public any rational explanation for their mad rush.	美国以及全球多国政府一直在狂热地修建巨型地下工事，或称“末日堡垒”，从未向公众为他们的疯狂举动进行过任何合理解释。
We're just setting up, but we're on it. Copy that. 	我们刚刚建立连接，但是我们在做了。知道了。 
I can't believe I had him. 	我无法相信我抓到过他。 
Okay, well, you know what? I figured we ride together, so maybe we should try.	好吧，可是我觉得咱俩都搭档巡逻了，至少应该试一试吧。
Inflorescence densely rusty tomentose, usually numerous flowered; leaf margin crenulate or obtusely serrate.	花序密被锈色绒毛，通常多数花；叶缘具细圆齿的或钝锯齿。
I took the pictures of all the friends that I had made, 	我给每个朋友拍了照片 
L sold the jewelry meant for my wedding. 	我卖了用于婚礼的珠宝。 
George, Ken's got the fish food. 	乔治，肯去买鱼食了。 
It looks like an accidental fire to me, not malicious arson. 	在我看来这更像意外起火，并不是人为纵火。 
BEST WESTERN Resort Kuta – Entrance 	BEST WESTERN Resort Kuta – 入口 
It's not the weapon that worry us,	我们担心的并不是武器足不足，
The following government information must be made public in government gazettes and on designated government websites of people's governments at the county level and above.	下列政府信息必须在县级以上人民政府的政府公报和指定的政府网站上公布。
A witness saw the, uh - 	有目击者看到，呃 - 
For heavers sake, all I want to know is if you're a spring pig. 	帮帮忙，我只想知道你是不是在春天出生的猪。 
Have fun. L love you. 	好好玩。我爱你。 
This way's as good as any.	就走这条路。
I've asked her to stay on as special advisoradviser, and - and she's agreed.	我想她来作特别顾问，她- 她答应了。
And why? Because no one here can get the colored situation under control. 	为什么？因为这里没人能解决黑人问题。 
Well, good luck. I'm sure it's going to be great.	好吧，祝你好运，我想它一定会很棒。
There's a cream cake and a bean cake, which one are you having?	有奶油蛋糕和豆饼，你想吃哪一样啊？
You sure can. Just happen to have a full tub at the back. 	当然你可以。后面正好有一个装满的浴缸。 
Somebody, please sell us a horse!	哪一位，可以卖给我们一匹马吗！
He shot a guy five times. 	他对人连开了五枪。 
They were writing "murderer." So you think that one of the animal rights activists killed him.	他们想写的是" 谋杀犯" 。你认为他是被一个动物保护者谋杀的。
It was the United States government. 	是美国政府。 
With modern comforts and premium amenities including a 42-inch LCD TV, complimentary high-speed Internet access, pillow top beds, refrigerator, microwave and free continental breakfast - you'll feel right at home throughout your stay. 	房间内的现代精品设施包括42寸液晶电视、免费高速网络、双垫层床、冰箱、微波炉和免费欧陆式早餐，给您宾至如归之感。 
Mr. macris joined j.p. morgan in 2006 after a series of trading jobs, some of which were marked by conflict with colleagues.	马克里2006年供职摩根大通之前，从事过很多交易方面的工作，其中不乏与同事发生冲突的时候。
Living without an aim is like sailing without apass.	生活而无方针，犹如航海之无南针。
I want you to prepare yourself for 	我要你留心 
Mom, it's not like I would exactly be there to sightsee 	妈，我又不是到那观光去的好吗？ 
He just turns out to be full of shit.	他说的就不对了。
Once you enter the dreamworld, the tea will keep you connected.	一旦入梦，茶会将你们带到一起。
That group has been steadily declining since 2007, according to jun ma, deutsche bank's chief economist for greater china.	德意志银行（deutsche bank）大中华区首席经济学家马骏说，这个群体自2007年以来一直在稳步减少。
don't worry. It'll be all right. 	别担心。会没事的。 
I mean, did you know that he can hear you?	你知道，他能听见你吧？
She peers into the darkness...	她瞪大了眼睛在黑暗里看着…
All these type of words could've come, like, 	所有这些文字， 
I have ALDS, don't rape me	我有爱滋的，你不要强奸我呀
She couldn't have felt too bad.	她有多难过。
So, um, I need to use the ladies. 	所以，我得去下洗手间。 
Here comes the bride and she'll take it up the aisle! 	一骑骑到教堂里！ 
As if suddenly realizing that they had come to mourn the death of old mr. wu, who was at this moment lying in the next room, and that tu chu-chai was the dead man's son-in-law, they all instantly checked their levity and tried to look serious, and some of them yawned.	仿佛突然意识到大家原是来吊丧的，而且隔壁就是灵堂，而且这位杜竹斋又是吴府的至亲，于是这一群快乐的人们立刻转为严肃，有几位连连打呵欠。
My friend here ain't feeling quite right.	我朋友感觉有点不舒服。
Watch your tone. I could still arrest your ass any day of the week. 	注意你语气。我还是随时都可以逮捕你。 
Okay, we're going to shock in 200.	好的，我们用200伏电压。
Do you think he's more capable than you? 	他比你能干吗？ 
Try the bag again.	再试着打这沙袋。
Were permanent. 	是不是永久的。 
I've got a visual on two separate plumes - one over in Kansas city and one South somewhere in Texas.	我看到两个一个是在堪萨斯城一个是得克萨斯什么地方。
You don't think I'm a fool, do you? 	你觉得我是个傻瓜吗？ 
Secondly, respond immediately to your bethel.	第二,对你所经历的伯特利要马上作出回。
She has a hell of a way of showing it, but she does. 	她展示的方式很特别，但她确实爱我。 
Make sure to catalog every injury, no matter how small.	无论损伤有多小都确保一定记录在册。
You're alive, aren't you? 	你还活着，不是吗？ 
But I have to admit that he didn't have it so easy before he came here. 	但我必须承认在他来之前没那么轻松过。 
The target company was heading for a stockmarket flotation until microsoft suddenly lobbed in an unsolicited offer for it.	直至微软抛出一个不期而至的收购报价时，该目标公司还正打算让其公司的股票上市。
You love her more than me? 	你爱她，你不爱我？ 
The math would suggest in a few I'm a clown made of candy. 	数学统计表明有些我是糖果做的小丑。 
No, I said, the relatively small size of the stake — around$ 260 million — suggested the buyer was simpson.	当时那笔投资规模相对较小，只有约2.60亿美元，说明买入者是辛普森。
Adherent gram-positive cocci on the intestinal villi of dogs.	犬只小肠绒毛上具附著力的革兰氏阳性球菌。
Whatever its called...	别管它叫什么...
I know I said this last week, but - 	我知道我上个星期就说过一次了，但是- 
So, you don't have to tell me, but...	你不是一定要告诉我，但是…
don't worry about it. I'll get somebody else.	别担心。我会再找别人。
What, you think you two can just hug it out? 	你觉得你们两个可以讨论出个所以然吗？ 
Our british parent company employs graduates from the uk as generalists on a fast-track programme.	我们的英国母公司会从英国的大学招聘毕业生派到我们公司，作为通才进行快速培养。
Okay, so we don't have the paper cup,	好的，不过我们没有找到那个纸杯，
Did you see him leave?	你看到他出门了吗？
I think God made you invincible.	我想是上帝让你不可战胜。
It's the team-first mentality.	这是球队至上的精神。
... isn't the president allowed to do anything that they want?	…难道总裁是不允许随心所欲做事吗？
We learn how the boy who memorised baseball scores and railway timetables became the fed chairman who saw in the micro-data evidence of a us productivity take-off in the mid-1990s and adjusted monetary policy accordingly-arguably his greatest achievement.	我们从中可以了解到，一个背诵棒球得分和列车时刻表的男孩如何成了美联储主席，在20世纪90年代中期，根据宏观数据看出美国生产率即将衰退，并相应调整了货币政策这可以说是他最大的成就。
Then, there are the mouth-watering sponsorship deals for the individual players, the team and the ground.	此外，还有一些令人垂涎的赞助交易，主体是各个球员、整个球队以及场地。
Everything okay, boss? You seem kind of quiet... Er than usual. 	你没事吧，老大？你好像挺沉默... 比平时更沉默 
Goodness, that's me! 	天哪，就是我！ 
Growing up in Stonebridge... 	在石桥长大… 
But nobody has defaulted and nobody has rioted.	但是没有一个国家违约，也没有一个国家发生暴乱。
He's in back. Same as ever. 	他在后头和往常一样。 
Hyundai executives are cautious about growing too rapidly.	不过现代的高管对过快增长持谨慎态度。
It was only my induction day,	入伍第一天，
Is this worth doing?	唉，你这么做值吗？
I want a wife who is a good nurturant attendant to my children, who arranges for their schooling, makes sure that they have an adequate social life with their peers, takes them to the park, the zoo, etc.	我希望有一个能辅导孩子功课，安排其学业，保证其与同学们有足够的社交时间并能带他们逛公园、动物园等的老婆。
Oh, no. Don't spoil your appetite. I'm making a roast chicken. 	喂，别。别吃零食。我正做烤鸡呢。 
Did I ever tell you that I loved you? I'm sorry?	我有没有和你说过我爱你？抱歉你说什么？
I tried everybody.	我试过所有人了。
She hoped this riddle would soon be solved, but at the same time she was afraid.	她巴望这“谜”早早揭晓，可是她又怕。
Laughter should be like a daily vitamin.	笑应该像维他命那样每天补充。
You know what I'm saying, G? No. 	你知道我在说什么吗，上帝？不。 
I've got a shitload of weed and pills. 	我有好多大麻和迷幻药。 
I love about that.	我很喜欢那样。
Our mission is to make this wreckage safe. 	我们的任务是要让飞船残骸安全。 
Uh, that sounds great. Yeah, let's do it.	呃，听起来不错。是啊，好啊
Therefore one round only. 	只有一个回合。 
She fell face first. 	她的脸先着的地。 
I'm putting a lot of money in the company. - of course I do. 	我可在这公司投了很多钱。- 我知道。 
Unlike wikipedia, random readers can not edit our source documents.	不像维基百科一样，我们的读者不能随意编辑我们的源文件。
You know, it's being around you -  Keep talking - 	你知道，在你身边 -  继续讲 - 
If you continue on in this vein, you can consider yourself under suspension. 	你再胡闹下去，就要考虑接受停职处理了。 
But he's only one guy,	但他只身一人，
Just stop it, Norah, please. Just stop it. 	别再说了诺拉求你别再说了。 
We're waiting. For? 	在等等。什么？ 
Well, Oscar and I have been given a business opportunity. 	奥斯卡和我有个赚钱机会。 
Hey, braces, the museum is closed for a private party. 	嘿，牙套妹，展会今天没有私人派对。 
He took his jacket. That's right. 	他拿走了他的外套。是的。 
He was a desperate widower who put his son in your hands. He trusted you, 	他是个绝望的鳏夫把儿子交给你，他信任你， 
Here. Make sure zed and Mara are safe.	给你。确保泽德和玛拉的安全。
Ready to go down under, mate? 	准备好潜入地底了吗同伴？ 
He is here. I sense it. 	它在这儿，我能感觉到。 
I don't think we'll get a chance to see penguin chicks here.	我认为我们在这没机会看到企鹅幼雏。
Right where your father is. Shut up.	就在你爸爸站的那里行了。闭嘴。
So you want to buy it?	你想买咯？
Why weren't you talking?	你们为什么不说话？
Yeah, how you know? 	是啊，你怎么知道？ 
If that guy calls, 	如果他来电话， 
These ancient people were so clever, the bunnies agreed, as all you can see from the fields and mounds outside are air shafts which ensured that the inhabitants had fresh air.	兔子们完全同意这些古代人是如此聪明的，因为你可以在田野和山丘的外面看到空气槽，这是用来保证居民能有新鲜的空气。
He hit on me five years ago. 	他五年前和我搭讪过。 
Look at the details	你瞧，咱们的活儿多细致
It's over, Eddie.	一切都结束了，艾迪。
When my aunt Rosie died, 	我婶婶罗茜去世后， 
I am the girl who takes off her clothes 	我就是那个自己脱了衣服 
An animal that escapes a komodo's initial attack soon weakens and dies. The fierce carnivore tracks the wounded creature and dines at its leisure once the prey collapses.	逃脱科莫多巨蜥攻击的动物不久变得虚弱然后死去，这种凶猛的食肉动物会追踪受伤的动物，一旦猎物倒下便悠然自得的进餐。
I'm not interested in getting into a war here. 	我不想在这里和他们开战。 
I'm putting you in charge of his chalk. 	我要你当小队长。 
It's over here, away from the bedroom, actually. 	在这里，离卧室很远，实际上。 
The hungry gator must find new and clever ways to find food.	短鼻鳄必须找到更聪明的方法来猎食。
The world seems lonely, still! 	世界啊世界，你仍然是那么凄凉！ 
Israel's grudging change of heart was also imposed by a court ruling.	以色列勉强的回心转意也是迫于法庭裁决。
Because if it... If it feels offensive, 	如果... 如果感觉太冒犯了， 
I'm not moving to Florida. 	我不去佛罗里达。 
The views are still stunning, just as Bradshaw describes.	景色依然叹为观止，正如布拉德肖的描述。
According to Mrs. Lexington, the housekeeper, hiams,	据管家勒克辛顿太太说海安姆，
Before two weeks ago, I had never slept with a woman. 	两个礼拜之前我还从没和一个女人睡过觉。 
Using my talents and gifts to help others.	使用我的才干和恩赐帮助他人。
If these attacks don't stop, there are people in this administration 	如果这些袭击还不能被制止了，内阁中的有些人 
I saw a man physically and verbally abusing a woman.	我看到一伙计对女士手嘴都不干净。
I need you to run up to N. Y. C. To pick up a little something. 	我要你去趟纽约帮我取点东西。 
It's all right. At Ieast you tried. 	好了，至少你试过了。 
Before copernicus and galileo, humans thought our world was the center of creation.	在哥白尼和伽利略之前，人们认为我们的世界是创世的中心。
And I find myself forced to make a very difficult decision.	我发现，我必须作出一个艰难的决定。
You should be very, very proud of yourself.	你要为自己感到非常骄傲。
As one of three pillars industrials, commercial real estate operations department is the key for the group multi operation development.	商业运营管理事业部作为集团下设的三大事业部之一，是集团多元化发展的重要一级。
Nights like tonight are legend. 	今夜必将是传奇的一夜。 
My son had a tantrum and banged his fist on the ground.	我儿子大发脾气，一拳捶在了地上。
Business center, staffed, open 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., nominal fee 	商务中心开放时间：早 9 点至晚 11 点，象征性收费 
Oh, yeah, uh, okay, about a year ago, 	哦，对，大约一年前， 
I will take you to a secret place where a chosen few... 	我要带你去个秘密的地方... 
In a first step to expand the currency trading, hong kong has decided to expand the operating hours of its renminbi settlement system by five hours.	在货币交易发展的第一个阶段，香港已决定将其人民币结算系统的操作时间增加5小时。
Because he knew someone else would look guilty. 	因为他知道某人会看起来很像凶手。 
I can't think of anything more enraging, my dear. 	亲爱的，别想激怒我。 
You know, just for now.	暂时需要。
I think he's onto us, doc.	我看他是跟咱们较上劲了医生。
How does a parent not know that their child is ready to do...	家长怎么会不知道孩子要做...
I'm sure we're glad to hear that. 	我确信我们很高兴听到那。 
Okay, look, whatever you think you're onto, 	好吧，看，不论你认为你发现了什么， 
My title doesn't matter,	我的身份就不再重要了，
You're gonna be like my right hand. 	你将会是我的左膀右臂。 
Uh, we're all going to chip in for a really lovely and discreet lady. 	呃，我们准备帮你找个可爱又不招摇的小姐。 
Her combinations look familiar, confidently african and stately.	她的整体搭配显得很亲切、绝对的非洲范儿而又不失庄严。
You are a very hungry man, Val. 	你还真是饿啊，沃尔。 
She slowly eats	她会慢慢的
Well, the cops came,	好，警察来了，
Okay, mum.	好嘛，妈咪。
Church, school. 	去教堂去学校 
Look, I know that may sound like not a very good reason to have a baby, but... 	呃，虽然这不是个生孩子的好理由，但是... 
They caught a train.	他们撞车了。
I called the building manager, so...	我叫了楼管，所以…
Get out of here now or I'll put you out of your misery. 	快滚开，要不然我就让你舒服舒服。 
With the raspberry tart...	可是有黑草莓馅饼...
Imagine that she was totally obsessed with sex, right? 	想象一下如果她热衷于性的话，对吗？ 
The beauty is, it basically disappears from the system within minutes.	它厉害的地方在于在注入体内后没几分钟就毫无踪影。
Dry yourselves and come in. 	把你自己弄干，然后进来。 
Into becoming an agent?	一名特工？
It doesn't work if you don't. 	如果你不闭上眼镜就没有效果。 
I can't. Of course you can. 	我不能当然你能。 
Well, if he wins today, then, 	嗯，只要他今天赢了那么， 
I didn't think of that. I just thought of you. 	我压根没想到。我只想到了你。 
Said you can come live in my house if you want. 	如果你愿意的话，你可以到我家来住 
No, but maybe a burned man did. 	对但是烧伤的人可以。 
Unlike finland, sweden chose not to join the euro.	与芬兰不同的是，瑞典当初并没有选择加入欧元区。
You feel like dancing 	你感觉像跳舞吗 
Okay. Let me just go upstairs and change. 	好。我上楼换个衣服。 
We're going to get caught.come on.	我们会被抓啦！-来啦！
Go on home. Go on. 	回家吧，走吧。 
Article 8 where the foreign exchange funds of an insurance company increase due to the factors including increase in shares or capital and overseas listing, it may submit relevant documents and materials to the safe to apply for an increase of the amount of foreign exchange payment for investment of the current year.	第八条保险公司因增资扩股、海外上市等因素外汇资金增加的，可以向国家外汇局提交有关文件和材料申请增加当年的投资付汇额度。
fine. Let me pee first. 	好啦。让我先撒尿。 
Of course. It's a simple name.	名字简单的很。怎么会错。
It's the only food I've ever heard you brag about.	据我所知你最拿手的就是这个。
He's there to close a deal 	其它几天是做生意 
For others blogs that you may choose to cross post to already added in your windows live writer, you can also include a footer and/ or header.	对于那些你选择交叉发送的其它博客，你也可以在其中包含一个页脚或者页头信息。
Surgery and hormone treatments are a way to correct that biological mistake.	手术和荷尔蒙治疗是改正生物错误的方法。
Persian invaders built yet another holy shrine on the site 	波斯侵略者在这里建立了另一个圣地
No. I kind of like it down there.	不。我有点喜欢它在那下面。
There's a mechanical problem. 	存在技巧问题。 
They went to the trallways bus station.	他们来到铁路汽车站。
Oh, I'm so sorry, doctor. 	哦，不好意思，医生。 
Mr santorum has attempted to court religious voters by playing up his distaste for contraception, and accusing mr romney of lacking the same moral instinct.	桑托伦企图通过渲染其对节育的反感来得到宗教信徒的支持，并指责罗姆尼缺少同样的道德准则。
You sound strange. Is something wrong with your vocabulator?	你的声音很奇怪，发声器坏了？
You've got to help yourself first.	你得先治好你自己。
I thought I could take on anything. I wasn't ready. 	我以为我可以做任何事。但我没准备好。 
Oh, Jesus! God! 	哦，上帝啊！上帝！ 
Only this time it wasn't exactly imperceptible. 	只是这一次并不是难以觉察的犯罪。 
Or, you know, maybe they're revelations.	或者它们也是揭示了。
If I was to tell you that I got certain connections at the Pentagon...? 	如果我告诉你，我与五角大厦有一定的联系？ 
We going. This game is for all of us. 	我们去这可是我们所有人的比赛。 
Drawing on biographies and memoirs, mr bram, himself a gay novelist of some note, stitches together a relaxed, gossipy narrative about the friendships, rivalries, sexcapades and love affairs that gave gay writers much of their raw material.	作为重要的男同小说家，bram在自传及回忆录中，轻松随性地讲述了自己的友情、对抗、性经历和恋爱情事，这些都是他写作的材料。
If I'll talk to you? Like I know who did it. 	如果我和你谈谈？就像我知道是谁干的一样。 
Yeah, it's Chinese new year. 	嘢，是中国新年啊， 
We need to shift our contextual assumptions and assumptions around content as a design medium.	我们需要调整我们各情境中的假设使假设作为一个设计媒介围绕着内容。
Share your facebook password with your spouse.	让你另一半知道你facebook密码。
He left skid marks, he drove away so fast.	他迅速开车离开了。
We'll take questions after. Why award themselves bonuses... 	我们稍后才能进行提问为何要给自己发奖金…… 
I didn't call the Iraqi embassy three times.	我并没有给伊拉克大使馆打过三个电话。
I can't come out. They're right by the door. Throw it.	我出不来。他们就在门那边。扔上来。
Think if you become a rich lady.	你自己想一下做少奶奶的样子。
You don't mind hurting others.	你不介意伤害别人。
The bullet must have begun its flight.	子弹射出时必定。
I was a young idiot. 	我是一个年轻的白痴。 
Just mourn it up! Okay?	好好保重！知道么？
I didn't. I was just humming. 	我没大声哼阿。只是哼歌而已。 
On a round - trip ticket to commit suicide?	往返票却在这里自杀呢？
Playground, outdoor courtyard mini golf 	运动场、室外庭院、迷你高尔夫球场 
To prevent the transfer of infectious disease, personell are discouraged from spitting.	为预防传染病发生，不许随地吐痰。
Conversely, asia-pacific should be the world's happiest region, followed with some exceptions by latin america.	相反，亚太地区应是全球最快乐的地区，拉美次之（一些国家例外）。
Go out, close the door. 	出去，关门。 
It's in the past. He will betray you. Just like everyone else. 	你没有作用了。他会背叛你，跟其他人一样。 
You worked all night? Yeah, 	整晚都在工作？- 是啊， 
I can't figure it out at all. 	我完全不会用。 
You've run him through every database? Of course. 	你们从所有数据库中追踪他？当然了。 
You only take cases where someone 	你只接那些痛失真爱的案子 
Maybe we shouldn't go skiing.	或许我们不应该去滑雪。
To the black Pearl, 	为了黑珍珠！ 
Seemed reasonable to the detective at the time. 	当时的警察可能这么想。 
And the perpetual hard - on he's still got with us.	他还是想和我们保持稳定的关系。
Does he have much time?	他还能撑很久吗？
In 2009, artio global investors inc. debuted as a publicly traded company after a decadelong run of strong performance as part of swiss private bank julius baer holding ag.	2009年，在瑞士私人银行julius baer holding ag麾下做出10年亮丽业绩的artio global investors inc.成为一家上市公司。
But word-of-mouth marketing isn't new.	口碑营销并不是什么新生事物。
She comes to all the result's nights.	每次揭晓结果的节目她都来现场
...his horror of death.	他对死亡的惧怕
You press it, and you taIk into that 	如果你想和大家说点什么 
Tonya and I are engaged! We're getting married!	我和tonya订婚了!我们要结婚了!
Well, she trusts me. I'll - I'll go talk to her.	呃，她信任我。我去和她谈。
The guy spent his life slaving away and his retirement in a cemetery.	一生的忙碌只能在坟墓里休息。
Yeah, when the door shut, it's like he went to sleep or something. 	是啊，当门关于后就像他在睡觉之类的。 
Zack and Amanda? Already?	扎克和阿曼达已经搞上了？
By the time warren buffett yielded full control of the company in 2015 at the age of 85, ensuring his full benefits under the new social security reform act-mandated retirement age, berkshire and its value-investing credo had been lapped by a fully automated marketplace.	等到2015年，巴菲特85岁高龄之时完全放弃公司的控制权，确保自己在新的社会保障改革法案规定的退休年龄应享有的所有权益，这个时候伯克希尔及其价值投资信条已经被完全自动化的市场淘汰了。
Why this discrimination? Only because you are a girl?	有什么区别吗？仅仅因为你是女孩子吗？
guys! Can someone bring me up a flashlight?	同志们！谁给俺拿支手电筒上来？
You see, you have nothing to worry about when he's screaming, detective.	你不必担心它尖叫的，探长。
You gonna tell me what my obligations are.	你想告诫我我的职责何在。
From before the engage in a battle of brazil and asian team looks, be being gotten the better of greatly is inevitable, but this, what brazilian group expresses to know to adversary however is too little, accordingly, they explore only fortunately in the match the actual strength of adversary.	从以往巴西与亚洲球队的交锋看，大胜是必然的，但这一次，巴西队却表示对对手知道的太少，因此，他们只好在比赛中来试探对手的实力了。
Look, I fucking totally understand your problems with her. 	我他妈完全理解你跟她的过节。 
The face was bashed in with a loose stone. 	受害人脸部被用石头砸了个稀烂。 
I can wallowing the harsh underbelly of prison life.	我可以趁机好好体验一下监狱生活。
We were in a field, and...	当时我们正在一块田地里，然后...
But most of all, I wanna drive this car right through the sound barrier.	但是我最最最想做的是开着这辆车到处跑。
I'm gonna use my finger. 	我准备用我的手指。 
Is your baggage only two bage?	您的行李只有两个包吗？
I'm here, now let me go.	我到了，我自己走。
Mrs. Evelyn Mulwray.	伊芙琳穆瑞女士。
I barely feel anything in the stirrups. 	我几乎感觉不到马蹬。 
I know someone who went through something very similar.	我认识一个人他的经历和你的很相似。
What do you mean bv calling me at this unearthly hour?	你这么早打电话是什么意思啊？
The only room we have available is the honeymoon suite at $3,000 per night. 	我们现在只有三千美金一晚的蜜月套房空着了。 
You're kidding. It's only noon.	你开玩笑。现在还是中午。
From the Bible 	几个章节 
It'll smash into a million pieces.	它会碎成上百万片。
By the police, crashed aircraft manufactured by the u. s. cessna aircraft company.	按警方的说法，失事飞机由美国塞斯纳飞机公司制造。
Why would do that? I don't know. 	他为什么要那么做？我不知道。 
Of course it wasn't naturelle.	当然不会是奈楚丽。
The bird seized an unusually big beetle and bore it off to its nest.	那只鸟抓住一只特别大的甲虫把它带进窝。
We won the motion.	我们是赢了动议。
Be your life coach for the next 24 hours, and I promise you,	在接下来的24小时做你的生活导师，我向你保证，
A lifetime beautiful woman only actress is envied and hated by jiang qing.	被江青嫉恨一生的美女才女演员。
The occasional muffin at Festival time.	在节日的时候偶尔做做小松糕。
Where you can get any surgery you need, even a hand transplant.	任何手术都可以帮你做即使是手掌移植也可以。
And no audience.	更没有观众。
I robbed the bank of England.	我抢劫了英格兰银行。
If it's negative, awesome. 	如果是阴性，那也行。 
If you've got something to tell me and you want my help, go ahead, fascinate me. 	如果你有信息想告诉我还想要我帮忙，就赶快说出来，看能不能打动我。 
And it's mentioned in a Robert Louis Stevenson poem, 	在罗伯特·路易斯·史蒂文森的诗中有提到， 
I mean, I buy it.	我的意思是我信了。
There werent any sharks but there were some really smart seals.	没有鲨鱼，但是有一些确实聪明的海豹。
As if I've known you all my life. 	恍若我们相识已久。 
because we'll probably get there 	我们到的时候 
Where have you been all my life, wife? 	你过去都在哪里，小妞？ 
I wrote them in my diary so I wouldn't have to remember! 	我写在记事簿里就不用记住它！ 
You ate so many fisherman platters. You made it on the wall.	你吃了太多渔夫套餐了。她们贴墙上了。
don't worry about that. I've got something that will take that right out.	别担心。我能帮你把那玩意儿弄干净。
My father's an appellate court judge in the sixth district of the state of Missouri. 	我父亲是密苏里州第六区的法官。 
I didn't fire you because you wouldn't go out with me.	我开除你不是因为你不肯跟我约会。
...African countries.	非洲国家
Don't you prefer pear?	你不喜欢梨汁吗？
Great. We'll be taking notes on any and all details you provide. 	好。我们会记录你证实的一切细节。 
Y'all gonna do this here? Right here. Right now. 	你们真想动手？就在此时此地。 
We got our meeting with the D.A. Great. 	我们可以和地方检查官谈谈了。太好了。 
As we know, water is very important toman.	我们知道，水对人类来说是非常的重要。
TotaI amount is 47.24.	一共47.24元。
Because you didn't know it. 	因为你没做过。 
To the security of this country. 	对于国家安全来说。 
Tell him to leave right away.	就叫他走吧。
Should possible, take an exam through self-study, recommend through the school! The adult takes an exam and also can learn! Wish school work has!	应该可以的，通过自学考试，通过学校推荐！也可以成人考试并学习！祝学业有成！
Telstar is also one of the 3 leading manufacturers of laboratory freeze dryers.	泰事达也是实验室冻干机前三大生产商之一。
He just loves having my panties in his pocket at events like this. 	他喜欢兜里装着我的内裤出席这样的场合。 
It's not easy being a dad.	当爸爸... 不容易。
Up three flights of stairs. 	上三段台阶时。 
don't try to play games with me.	别拿我当猴耍。
No. We can't do this anymore.	不。我们不能再这样了。
Wait, it. Hey, whoa.	等等，嘿喔。
And in a double elimination, 	在淘汰时， 
I'm proud to give you this check, and to announce a year's sponsorship. 	很荣幸给你这张支票，和宣布给你一年的赞助。 
So I just... Closed the door. 	所以我... 关紧了门。 
Oh, sweet buns - firm, yet squishy. 	噢，可爱的屁股- 结实，湿软。 
There were hopes that mr wright might have done this; he was in washington for a conference on the black church.	当赖特出席华盛顿的一个关于黑人教堂的会议时，人们期望他或许会阐述上述观点。
To wash or percolate the soluble matter from.	沥滤从……中洗去或滤去可溶性物质不适合。
don't play me, Reid! I'm talking later and you know it.	别耍我，雷德！我是说昨晚后来，你自己清楚。
A few nobles have a right to inherit the earth.	少数贵人有权君临天下。
We're tired of this! 	我们受够了！ 
You shall ask pardon of his Majesty.	向皇上求情吧。
He loves you, but he's wrong. 	他爱你，但是他是错的。 
When the water is a little over 90 	当水刚超过九十度的时候 
And we stand no chance 	哪怕我们无缘 
I wonder if she looks like her father.	我想知道她长得是不是像他爸爸。
That's - that's my brother right there. 	那-我哥哥就在那。 
Something to do. 	好像做了些什么。 
Where's Quinn? - Mia. 	奎恩在哪？- 我也想问。 
Mom, it's moving, it's really moving. 	妈妈它在动，真的在动。 
I don't know how this happened to you or why,	我不知道为什么这件事会发生在你身上，
Son... Enough! That's it. 	孩子…–够了！就是他。 
You thought it would be easy money, right? 	你觉得这样来钱很容易，对么？ 
That is what awaits the student who wins the triwizard tournament.	这是赢得三强争霸赛的学生所享有的。
It's a transient abode only	暂且谋个栖身之所
Eating people is illegal. Only without their consent.	吃人是非法的。只在未经他人允许的情况下。
He's workI a job? 	他是在干活？ 
He ain't the best. He ain't ask you, man. 	他不是最棒的。他又没问你。 
All rich countries will be victims of these new crimes -	富裕国家将成为新罪案的受害者
Good thing you're a banker, pal. It's going to cost you.	好在你是个银行家，伙计。这要让你出不少的血了。
I'm definitely clumsy. I broke two of my prop usually.	我真是笨手笨脚我折断了两个伞柄。
And I'm not coming back with a better offer. 	我也不会提出更好的条件了。 
But I just happen to be one of those hyper - allergenic cases. Can't you try? 	但我刚好是这些超过敏案件之一。难道你不试试？ 
Uh, bacon burger turbo, large chili - cheese fry, 	双层培根汉堡，大份油煎辣奶酪， 
And learn some skills. 	学一些日常生活的技巧。 
He made me lie to that cop.	他逼我向那个警察说谎。
If that's who she is - 	如果真的是她的话 - 
He watches them bend.	他看着她们弯腰。
A large group of backers includes six international lenders and three chinese banks as well as five private equity firms.	该公司的回购行动有一大群支持者，包括六家国际银行和三家中资银行，还有五家私募股权投资公司。
At least one management review a year shall be conducted to review the qms. The general manager shall over the review and the management representative shall prepare the review plan.	每年度内由总经理主持对质量管理体系不少于一次的管理评审，管理者代表编制管理评审计划。
Tell me who... He... Is.	告诉我他- 是- 谁。
The group holds proprietary software that helps its clients save money on their energy bills by finding the best tariffs and increasing efficiency.	该公司拥有专有技术软件，能够找到最优惠的费率，并提高效率，从而帮助客户节省能源开支。
The breeze in a Chicago prison yard.	在芝加哥监狱那微风徐徐的院子里进行。
But one day this will all be ours. 	但总有一天会唯我们所拥有。 
He walked out on me mum when I was just a bun in the oven. 	他在我妈怀着我时抛弃了我妈。 
How are you liking your new accessories? They fit? 	喜欢你的新手链吗？戴着合适吗？ 
But if the revenue estimates stay good, I promise you'll be seeing more.	但今后财政收入稳定的话我保证将会继续加薪。
But you're not a professional writer. 	但是你不是个专业的作家。 
No. Glad you did.	不介意。很高兴你留下。
European governments will have to reduce public spending dramatically to allay the market's fears.	欧洲各国政府必须大幅削减公共支出，来减轻市场的恐慌情绪。
Well, you couldn't be more wrong... Again! 	是的，你又错了…大错特错！ 
Well, seeing as they only live in the palm trees, 	嗯，它们只生长在棕榈树上， 
Well, it wasn't Completely awful. 	当然，也不都是那么糟糕啦。 
The home robots are affordable because they are not extremely precise; instead, they focus on performing one task well and relatively quickly.	家用机器人相对便宜是因为他们不需要特别高精度；取而代之，他们注重于高质量和相对快速执行好某项任务。
Objection. Uh, yes. 	反对。是的。 
help me find a dog and two girls in towels. 	帮我找只狗和两个裹着毛巾的女生。 
I've done something bad. 	我做了件不好的事情。 
The journal just came from Paris! 	从巴黎来的报纸！ 
I find it remarkable	我觉得有点奇怪
Jamey ran it over to the court just in time... 	占美正好赶到法庭... 
I want the pictures. Accessory after the fact, conspiracy and extortion.	我想要照片。我们谈论的是犯罪以后，包庇罪犯共谋还有敲诈。
I'm looking for books your mother had to return to the library. 	我在找你母亲该还给图书馆的书。 
Do you really think that is true? 	你觉得真的是这样吗？ 
Why? - because he was about to get fired. 	为什么- 因为他本来快要被解雇了。 
Good looks can take you far.	出众的相貌可以让你走得更远。
That is essentially the difference between the league's best and worst offenses.	这是区分联盟最佳进攻和最差进攻的根本。
You're a snob. What?	你真势力什么？
What I have to go through to become a real live boy! 	我为了要成为一个真正的男孩需要经历多少呀！ 
He was always straight with me. 	你对我一直都很诚实。 
With the work done, they went out to play.	工作做完了，他们出去辞谢了。
As dreamers do	对着星星许愿
Do you not believe in hell and the supernatural, miss Eyre?	你不相信地狱和神秘力量吗，艾尔小姐？
The united states is concerned territorial disputes over small island chains in the region could hurt access to one of the world's busiest sea lanes.	美国担心，由于对东南亚地区一些群岛的领土问题存在争议，这可能会影响到这里世界上最繁忙的海上通道之一。
On the stolen dual - band radar. 	双频雷达的事。 
I wanted it to be beautiful.	我本希望是美好回忆的。
I was just about to do something important.	我 刚要做些重要的事。
Fantastical worlds of multilayered imagery and ethereal characters.	多层影像与飘渺人物的奇幻世.
Particularly intelligent people can be especially good at deceiving themselves.	特别聪明的人也特别善于欺骗他们自己。
Hey, everyone, why don't you all grab your mats? 	嗨，请大家找到各自的瑜伽垫？ 
They didn't even give her a chance.	他们没给她机会。
Whatever pleases you the most. I don't like guesswork, buddy.	不管怎么样就最大就好。我不喜欢碰运气的东西巴迪。
I can't fit this in tomorrow. I'm going to have to come in Saturday for this. 	我不能把你插在明天我会安排在这周六做这个手术。 
You're releasing her? 	你们让她出院？ 
She calls you by a new name.	她以一个新的名字来称呼你。
Here is a restaurant where you pay fixed price and eat adlib.	这里有一家餐馆，你付一定的钱随便吃。
Actually, you're right on time. We're just about to eat.	不早不晚。正好开饭。
Stop! Stop! Please! Please!	住手！住手！求你了！求你了！
I'm just mad.	最最最深处我就是很生气。
I will go First then Ka'ren, then you.	我先守夜，然后凯伦，然后是你。
Quyuan investigates on the original of the history by the attitude for truth, which is the philosophic basic of his investigating on the law of the development of history, revealing the historical truth and explaining the political thoughts.	屈原以求真、求实的态度认识历史起源问题，这是其探究历史规律、揭示历史真相、阐述政治思想的哲学基础。
Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college. 	我几乎看到他在上大学了。 
Some of you have got cute little asses. A shame to blow them off.	你们之中有些人的屁股很好看可惜得离开你们了。
interesting, huh? Her name's Denise 	有趣吧，嗯？她叫丹妮丝 
Oh, will you, it, it's so simple. 	噢，你就，就，那么简单的事嘛。 
Francis is in the joint.	弗朗西丝被抓起来了。
A series of contentious spending cuts is being debated in the state.	该州正就一系列存在争议的支出削减措施进行辩论。
The other guys thought it was an easy dismissal. 	其他人都说很容易撤诉的。 
I've been ordered to ship him home. Where is home? 	我接到命令要遣送他回家。家在哪儿？ 
For all the lamentations that schools do not teach the game, it is still played in some areas.	尽管很可惜学校不教这个游戏了，可一些地区的人们还在玩。
So help me God, I will kill you. 	上帝啊，帮帮我，我要杀了你。 
Then yes, that is deeds' first name. 	是的，那是他的名字。 
But those who do this harm.	但是那些造成伤害的人。
Guess what, he does.	相信我，他肯定知道。
I don't want to go back there. 	我不想再回到高中时的样子了。 
don't be a bitch, admit it. 	别犯贱，承认吧。 
Were you fed as a child? 	你小时候很讨人厌吗？ 
So you are already going back on your word. 	你已经反悔自己的誓言了吗？ 
Take those shoes off! 	把鞋脱下来！ 
You have to stop, please. Stop, please, don't!	你必须住手，请你住手，请不要这么做！
You just said you were fine. I am going to be fine. 	你刚刚说你很好我会好的。 
Hey. Yeah, uh, 	嗨。是的，呃， 
It's a heartbreak.	令人痛心啊
Would you just go in and ask your friend? 	帮我问你的朋友好吗？ 
They don't have it to give.	他们没有付出。
Everything was so great, but now it's so dark.	以前什么都一片光明，现在什么都如此黑暗。
Not so fast, George banks. 	不远，乔治沙洲。 
This matters to all of us.	而这与我们所有人息息相关。
And I'm gonna guess that he has a license for it, and you don't. 	所以我猜他有驾照，而你没有。 
You think this is moral, what you do? 	你觉得你做的事情是道德的？ 
Hot tub located in the garden area gazebo outside 	外面花园区露台中的热浴缸 
What are you doing on this floor?	你在这层干什么？
If I can, I'll go to Panama's tonight. 	如果可以，今晚我会去巴拿马的店。 
Ah, you brought in your doll collection.	啊，你把你收藏的娃娃都拿来了。
About a couple of Queens who know a few grapples.	不是几个花圈绣腿的娘娘腔。
Heck, let go! Oh! 	嘿，快放手！噢！ 
Over nine-thousand ex-servicemen and women marched past in tribute to their fallen comrades.	9，000多名退伍的男女战士列队行进而过，以悼念他们倒下的同志。
And tell her that there's nothing to be concerned about.	告诉她没什么好担心的。
Gets me discovered. 	帮我被经纪公司发掘。 
It's by someone with your name.	你的同名人写的。
Brother Gilbert, it's Einon! Stop him!	吉伯，是伊南，阻止他！
He's a handwriting expert in Sacramento. 	他是萨克拉曼多的笔迹鉴定专家。 
Has he ever been inappropriate? 	他有没有做出过什么不适当的行为？ 
The story of your birth, begun with the rebellion of king Acrisius. 	你出生的故事始于国王阿克瑞斯的反叛。 
It is also developing missile and anti-satellite capabilities that threaten america's military reach in the pacific.	中国还在发展导弹和反卫星能力，这将危及美国在太平洋的军事影响力。
To buy food and good clothes to our beloved children, we need money.	我们需要钱来给我们宠爱的孩子们吃好的、穿好的。
They burned my little piece of heaven to the ground.	他们把我的安乐窝烧了个稀巴烂。
Dealer on dealer, 	毒犯对毒犯， 
I will ask you to convey my greetings to people in taiwan.	不过请你转达对台湾人民的问候。
Now that we've done some Christmas shopping, 	我们现在算是完成圣诞采购了， 
The door does not go into the garden.	这门不通向花园。
Smartphone.	手机而已。
The little boy answered up to all the questions except two.	除了两个问题外，这个孩子对答如流。
We'd been at a party. 	我们参加了一个宴会。 
But that run is mine, Frank.	弗兰克那趟该是我的。
But there's nothing to figure out.	但没有什么可以发现的。
I only unfold them when I'm leaving. When my mission is complete.	我只在要离开时才打开，当我任务完成时。
And mr summers's promise to judge banks against lending baselines was porous enough to allow considerable discretion in assessing whether a bank is lending enough.	而且，萨默尔关于针对银行借贷底线裁决的承诺漏洞百出，其评估一个银行是否借贷充分具有相当的随意性。
Come on, woman, think. We've been waiting six years for this. 	拜托，女人，想想看。我们都等了六年了。 
And what do you know about kaito nakamura's murder?	你跟中村海东的死又有什么关系?
don't listen to her crap. 	别听她的废话。 
What? Are you a real tough guy? 	什么？你是不是不怕死？ 
Tell him we're discussing.	告诉他我们在讨论。
I'm making money. It's a chance to escape. 	我在赢钱呢。这是个脱离这个鬼地方的好机会。 
Faint whispers from one of the first ever radio broadcasts	最早的无线电广播信号也只是模糊的低语
The first nominating contests in iowa and new hampshire will not be held until early next year, but republican contenders are announcing now so that they can raise money, organize their campaigns in the early contest states and take part in upcoming presidential debates this year.	艾奥华和新罕布什尔两个州的初选直到明年年初才能举行，但是共和党的参选人现在就宣布参选是为了筹集竞选资金，参加今年最先举行初选的几个州的选举造势活动，并准备参加即将开始的总统选举辩论会。
If I have to start from the beginning of my gears again, I'll kill myself. 	如果要从头开始进档，我就去自杀。 
From the bucket, feed them! 	别停下来，喂鱼啊！ 
The auto brake can automatically start braking after landing.	自动刹车系统在着陆后会自动刹车。
But wherever this water ends up, it's clear that more surface ice is melting.	可是不管水流最终流到何处，很明显表面冰层正在不停的融化。
A personal computer was first marketed in the early 1980s.	20世纪80年代早期，个人计算机首次出现在市场上。
It looks like a net. 	就像网一样。 
Since then, sunshine would went to yajie's home with the most beautiful peach flowers every morning, making his room full of flowers before long.	此后每天早上，米阳总是选最好的桃花给亚杰送去，不久亚杰的房间都成花海了……
I don't have a brain. Well, let's get you down from there. 	我没有头脑.好吧，我先把你弄下来。 
Liketake a bath without being asked. 	像是自愿去洗个澡。 
don't forget this. Fortune cookie. 	别忘了这个。福饼。 
I'm going to pump me some of this shit - shut your fat ass up. 	我要好好弄清... 死胖子给我住嘴。 
This is Barry. Hey, it's me, what're you doing? 	我是贝里。嘿，是我，你干什么呢？ 
We shared our mission and research with all levels of leaders from the very beginning--a concept I created using cups and saucers, called circular management.	从一开始，我们就与组织内的各级领导者分享了我们的使命和研究成果——这是我用杯子和碟子创造的一个概念，即循环管理。
Good. We're moving the weapon into place	好武器。一旦装配完毕
I shouldn't have had that affair with you! 	我不应该那样对你的！ 
After the bats abandon it, kasanka is spectacular in a different way: all that remains of bat central are stripped, broken trees and an eerie silence.	蝙蝠遗弃这块地方后，卡桑卡呈现出一种不同的壮观的景象：所有蝙蝠群聚中央的残迹都是被剥离破碎的树木和一片死寂。
Dinner at the Portage Italian Bistro with a $75.00 gift certificate. 	用价值75美元的礼券在意大利波蒂奇小酒馆享用晚餐。 
I think you're ready now to hear a little story about a girl. 	我觉得你已经准备好听一个小女孩的故事了。 
It is therefore fortunate, mr kagan concludes, that most talk about america's decline is overblown.	故而所幸卡根先生得出结论：多数声称美国没落的说法都是言过其实。
Well, my... My ankle,	我的... 我的脚踝，
Possibly a point man for an operational reconnaissance of the naval base. I would...	可能是在海军基地做操作性侦察尖兵的。我会...
I mean, I do not lie, but... 	我是说，我不会骗你，但是... 
Kingman reef passport macau visa in macau.	金曼礁(美)护照续签澳门签证。
Good thing there's two of us , but there's like three of him.	好在我们有两个人，但看起来他一个顶三个。
Wow, you look so pretty. 	喔，你看上去真漂亮。 
Did she get there safely? Huh? 	她安全到达目的地了吗？什么？ 
It doesn't hamper my ability to help, even you. 	它并没有妨碍我帮助人，哪怕是帮助你。 
What is the summation, sir? 	损失了多少，长官？ 
The two boys glared at each other.	两个男孩互相怒目而视。
If Chloe scraped her knee, I'm sure she'd be in good hands.	克洛伊要只是刮着碰着了，我相信这儿还能应付。
But no need to be concerned, mr. aschenbach.	不必介意，艾森巴赫先生。
Kommandant wants you on the phone.	司令官有电话给你。
Wait, wait, wait. Wait. A little while?	等等，等等，花点时间。什么意思？
That would be great.	好啊我查查日程安排再。
Half immortal... An artificial intelligence? 	半不死。。。人工智能吗？ 
Now read out the steps.	把步数念给我听。
It is said to flow through hypothetical meridians and to be altered by sticking needles into hypothetical acupuncture points.	据说“气”会流过一条假设的“子午线”，用针刺向假想的穴位可以改变其流向。
Yeah, well, heh. You're really not gonna like the way this goes.	你不会喜欢这儿的发展的。
Therefore the struggle against the roving-rebel ideology is an inevitable process.	因此，同流寇主义作思想斗争，将是一个不可少的过程。
Oh, no. I see beautiful green shoots and little white hawthorn blossoms. 	噢，不。我看到了碧绿的流水和白色的小小山楂花。 
And for someone of my age, I've just loved it, you know. 	对于我这把年纪的人而言，我爱死它们了，你懂的。 
you got first period free.	你拥有了第一个阶段的自由。
With only 9.5 per cent of global funds in emerging market assets, according to hsbc, a massive realignment of investible cash may be in store.	汇丰称，鉴于目前配置在新兴市场资产中的资金仅占全球的9.5%，大规模的投资调整可能蓄势待发。
please! I'm not an idiot. Why won't you believe me? 	拜托，我不是个笨蛋。为什么你不信我？ 
I install air - conditioning, all right?	我只管装空调，好吗？
Instead, you got on your feet and found a way out of there. 	但你却没坐以待毙又逃出去。 
Wait a minute. You guys are ghostwriters?	等等，你俩是受雇代写小说的？
There were within an hour of my motel. 	离会面地点不到一小时。 
A cold shower will work wonders, Romeo. 	冷水澡会产生意想不到的效果哦，罗密欧。 
Keiji fukuda, acting assistant director-general of the who for health security and the environment, said china's h1n1 vaccine, as all other swine-flu vaccines, 'should go through safety and regulatory steps' before they are used in that country.	世界卫生组织负责健康安全和环境事务的代理助理总干事福田敬二（keiji fukuda）说，与所有其他甲型h1n1流感疫苗一样，中国的甲型h1n1流感疫苗在国内使用前也应通过安全和监管审查。
Listen, remember how you helped me in the museum	听着，还记得你在博物馆时
I belong to the old school of triads 	古惑仔不是这样 
It is against the labor law.	那是违法劳动法的。
Is you gotta start off on the right foot, 	关键是要投其所好， 
Would you look after those? Thank you.	你能照管一下那些吗？谢谢。
If you know where to look and how to scout out the best deals, however, golfing doesn't have to break the bank account.	如果你知道如何寻找童军出最佳的交易,但高尔夫球没有打破银行账户.
It's so flat and Oh, my God. 	天哪，太平滑了。 
You are nice and smooth and controlled. 	你跳的时候非常美丽流畅控制力上也很好。 
Why do you have my dad's shirt? 	为什么你手上会有我父亲的衣服？ 
Even though... You clearly failed to earn it.	尽管。。。你显然不配拥有它。
And the child's father.	孩子的父亲。
It's stuck around 80. 	卡在80那里了。 
She has been so depressed and angry lately,	她最近一直很沮丧而且易怒，
It is perfectly okay to work in groups. 	小组讨论是绝对允许的。 
You gonna tell me why you don't want to go?	你能告诉我为什么不想去吗？
But now at a quicker pace. 	不过，速度较之以往更快了。 
We ran over this body here.	我们就从这死人身上压过去了。
On december 12, european commission vice president vivienne redding announced a newly launched list compiled by european business schools that contained the names of 8,000 board-ready women.	2012年12月12日，欧盟委员会（European Commission）副主席薇薇安·雷丁公布了由多家欧洲商学院编辑的8,000名可担任董事的女性名单。
They can't fire you for being gay. 	他们不能因为你是基佬就炒了你吧。 
It stole my money, so, just...	它偷了我的钱，所以…
I'm not doing that drugs case because of you.	我不接毒品案只是因为有你。
Shut up about stuff you don't understand!	你不懂就别乱说！
The good news is you get a chance to change those impressions	好消息是你们有机会改变这些印象
Throw it in the fire. 	丢入火堆里。 
Is why you didn't turn me in, too.	你为什么不把我也告了？
But he's back, and he's killing again.	可是他回来了，又杀人了。
So the whole staged car chase, narrow getaway 	所以所谓的追车，夺路奔逃 
In the electric chair. 	在电椅上。 
In america, too, politicians are haranguing oil bosses and calling for tax cuts.	在美国也一样，政客们也是大肆批评石油商并呼吁减税。
No, he didn't. Someone sent them a text.	不，他没有。有人给他们发了信息。
Although samuel johnson was celebrated for his dictionary published in 1755, he didn't have a great reputation as an etymologist.	尽管塞缪尔约翰逊以他1755年出版的词典而出名，但他未获得作为一个语源学家而受到的尊敬。
Fuck you. I ain't telling you shit. 	去你大爷的。我啥也不会说。 
...prostituting his beautiful daughters.	迫使他美丽的女儿出卖肉体
Pillow talk probably.	可能是枕边风吧。
No, it was a clear day. 	不，那天天气很晴朗。 
Nocera believes that electrolyzers could be cheap and efficient within a few years.	诺塞拉教授相信在几年内，电解装置的成本会降低而且效率更高。
You seem very certain. One word, love. Curiosity. 	你好像信心满满。一样东西，好奇心。 
Get off me! You disgust me! 	下去！你让我觉得恶心！ 
So, you don't let people touch you. 	所以你不要让别人碰你。 
They say that things will be okay,	一切都能好起来的，
You guys,seriously,	伙计们，说真的，
One day I'll cut it off. 	我早晚剪了你的舌头。 
Could you allow for woolies underneath?	你可以把衣服做得里面可以穿毛线衣吗？
What? Wearing the perfume l bought you.	怎么了？还用我送你的香水。
I'm sorry.	抱歉。
I need you to tell them that the drugs were yours. - okay. 	我要你告诉他们毒品是你的。- 好的。 
That is why you are running unopposed. 	所以才没人跟你竞争。 
It's cold up there, which is crucial.	那里很冷，而这个是极其重要的。
Uh... We were on a plane, and then there was... 	呃... 我们在飞机上，然后... 
Hundreds of riot police stood by, blocking the ends of the street, but it was a protection the congregants say was absent when they needed it most.	数百名防暴警察站在他身边，阻塞街道的两端，但它是一个保护的教徒说缺席时，他们最需要的。
Why don't you wear that one you wore to last year's school play? 	为什么你不穿去年校园剧上穿的那件呢？ 
I have a car and a fake LD. 	我有车和假身份证。 
She had a habit of taking an occasional nip from a flask of cognac.	她有偶尔喝一小口干邑的习惯。
Okay, no anesthesia. 	好吧，不麻醉。 
You want to see your office? 	你想见你的办公室？ 
I don't mean to take credit. I mean, she's the artist, but... 	我不想居功。她才是艺术家，但是... 
There's a reason I'm by myself. I prefer it.	还有一个原因。因为我喜欢独自一人。
And saw him soar into the night	我又看到他冲向夜幕
Am I being strong - armed by private counsel? 	我是不是在接受暴力的私人劝告？ 
As long as his mom and I are dating. 	我就不想他出什么事。 
We had not said a word to each other beyond our introductions, yet I was already feeling guilt and shame over the blow this was going to be to amy.	除了相互介绍，我们还没有跟对方说过一句别的话，但我已经开始为这一切将会带给艾米的打击而感到自责和内疚。
Alternative title the study of the cogitating factors of the secand grade students taking the selective physical education course in taitung's comprehensive high schools.	台东地区综合高中二年级学生选修体育课程考量因素之调查研究。
Ze cheese touch?	奶酪附体了？
We've checked and rechecked the ballistics tests. 	我们反复检查了弹道学测试。 
Was it last summer when I couldn't travel because of my back accident? 	从去年夏天因为我摔到了背不能去旅游？ 
Tongling city mountain lion auto repair shop.	铜陵市狮子山区汽车修理厂。
All we need now is for you to get sick... 	你这样会害自己生病的… 
I didn't time you, I'm afraid. Of course not. 	恐怕我没有给你计时。当然没有。 
Flat screen televisions 	平板电视 
Casey and I were tracking down some terrorists. 	我和凯西在追捕恐怖分子。 
For best scientific discovery, yes. 	是的，最佳科学发现奖。 
You've only been here for five minutes, and look at you. 	你只在这里呆了五分钟，看看你变成什么样了。 
Why not call him job? 	为什么不叫他：焦卜？ 
Among them is foxconn, a taiwanese-owned company that operates a large assembly plant for apple products in shenzhen, china.	其中包括富士康，一个台资企业，拥有苹果产品在中国深圳的大部分组装工作。
Baltimore, Richmond, Baltimore again, Raleigh, Toledo, Gastonia.	巴尔的摩，里奇蒙，回到巴尔的摩，罗利，托莱多，加斯托尼亚。
Non-stop call ambulance...	不能停叫救护车这样子...
The fucking insurance people can have all the hot, steaming piss they want. 	他妈的吃保险的人都想要这热腾腾冒热气的小便。 
I'm not cut out for internal affairs. That's a switch.	我想我不适合待内事局。这是个开关。
I have a wife; I have two kids 	我有太太；两个孩子 
For a trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall all be changed.	因号筒要响,死人要复活成为不朽坏的,我们也要改变。
There were also surprises in store for me.	也有一些令人吃惊的事在等着我。
Why is it that sacred turns into scared?	为何心存神圣变成了心存恐惧呢？
Others owe their renaissance or continued growth trajectory to visionary leaders, new products or a booming marketplace in the case of newly minted most valuable brand, apple, all three at once.	还有一些企业的复兴或持续的增长要归功于它们有远见的领导人、新产品或蓬勃发展的市场刚刚摘得最高品牌价值桂冠的苹果（apple），同时兼备了这三点。
I must pull him out. 	我不能难为他。 
You are a better actress than I thought	我推荐你那会儿
Objective: to study the anticancer activity of the clematis manshrica saponins in vivo.	目的：研究铁线莲皂苷的体内抗肿瘤作用。
I know you are, but this is not the time to talk about it. 	我明白，但现在不是谈这个的时候。 
Put the fucking gun down before you hurt yourself.	把枪放下别伤了自己。
Although the 1940 helsinki olympic games were canceled due to war, the city got its chance again in 1952.	虽然1940年奥林匹克运动会因为战争被取消了，但是赫尔辛基在1952年得到了它的第二次机会。
I thought you read that already.	我觉得你应该已经读过了吧。
Strike two! I didn't swing at that. can't count it. 	两好球我没挥捧，不算。 
But higher volumes have dimmed the aura of exclusivity on which high residual values depend.	高额的二手价值取决于独家经销的大环境，但市场容量增大已经削弱了这种环境。
I know, I know, I'm sorry. How could you. 	我知道，对不起你怎么可以 -  
What you told me I can't get out of my head.	你的话让我挥之不去。
We weren't there to stare but to humiliate them publicly. 	我们并没有一直盯着而是选择当众羞辱他们。 
The anger in china at such dilettantes misbehaving runs deeper than say america's love-hate relationship with lindsay lohan.	在中国，对这些行为不端半吊子艺人的愤怒超过了美国对林赛罗韩又爱又恨的关系。
We should respect the sovereignty of all countries and their right to choose their development paths and models in keeping with the principle of seeking common ground while shelving differences. And we should respect the diversity of civilizations and pursue common progress through mutual learning and drawing on each other's strength.	应该本着求同存异的原则，尊重各国主权和选择发展道路和发展模式的权利，尊重文明多样性，在交流互鉴、取长补短中相得益彰、共同进步。
Yuck. How is it that half of this room smells like raspberries 	呃。等到房间里树莓味 
Tell me your number. 	把你的电话告诉我。 
She shut the cat in her room.	她把猫关在房间里。
Because you're a mate, yeah.	因为你是个对手，对。
Look, I know this sucks.	听着，我知道这很糟糕。
What do you want? What do you fucking want from me? 	你想怎样？你想要什么？ 
You realize that spies don't really talk that way.	你得知道间谍通常不那么说话。
But I want Hassan to teach me. 	但我希望哈桑来教我。 
And you go home. Your mother's worried too. 	你回家。你妈妈担心你。 
You said you would give anything 	你说你会尽你所能 
Yeah, and because the road is actually gonna be closed, 	是的，因为要封路， 
I could use your help. 	我可以靠你来帮我。 
He ran this placewhen I started.	当我跨进这个圈子的时候他就经营着这里。
Of course it shall not. - remember our last conversation?	当然不会。- 记得我们上次的谈话吗？
No, you have to do things your way. 	对你就非得想什么做什么。 
Hilary benn, the environment secretary, said recently: "if gm can make a contribution, then we have a choice as a society and as a world about whether to make use of that technology, and a growing number of countries are growing gm products."	环境部长希拉里本最近说：“如果转基因技术能够做出贡献，那么，我们作为一个社会和世界对于是否应用这项技术就有一种选择，而且，现在越来越多的国家正在生产转基因产品。”
The man we're looking for would be obsessed with the event in galicia.	我们要找的人对加利西亚事件念念不忘。
What the fuck is going on? Get the lights back on. 	又怎么了？把灯打开。 
Well, that would be very nice, but I think I must report. 	噢，我也很想那样，但是我必须去报到。 
No... I'm thinking I should of shot her when I had the chance	我想到我应该开枪打她的当我有机会的时候
For jehovah listens to the needy, and he does not despise his prisoners.	因为耶和华垂听了穷乏人，不藐视属被囚的人。
Yeah. Married? aren't they always?	是的。结婚了的？不都是嘛？
I'll tell you something. I'm about fed up with these tall oaks North kids.	告诉你。我受够这群智障儿了。
Scholars, junior and senior, are able to get into the field of comparative literature from the resources mentioned above.	资深或是资浅的学者可由以上文贝网所提供的资源，加入比较文学的行列。
Because it gets so cold.	因为它已经冻住了。
But this is the best you're getting.	但是这已经是你最好的结局了。
His complaint is only tangential to the main protest about the paraxylene plant, but it highlights how unhappiness over an environmental issue can provoke broader grievances on issues such as inequality of income.	在针对对二甲苯生产厂的主要抗议中，他的抱怨只处于边缘地位，但这件事揭示出，针对某个环境问题的不快，可能引发对于收入不平等之类问题的整体不满。
I'm the kraut who's out 	我就是那一个 
Confused heart, felt tear	困惑的心，流过的泪
And every time a child says, l don't believe in fairies,	每当一个孩子说，我相信仙女的时候，
Because girls weren't allowed to go to school. 	因为女孩不允许去上学。 
cause it's starting to upset the other salesmen.	因为已经惹恼其他销售了。
Chan, are we poor? 	哥，我们可怜吗？ 
Your son's committed a very serious crime, and although he may be a minor, 	你儿子犯了很严重的罪，尽管他未成年， 
The care this unsub shows these victims, 	他对受害人的关照， 
As the ruins of the clean-up has not yet officially launched, together with shanghai at the end of the terrain has undergone tremendous changes, the reconstruction of the coast itself is still at a standstill, the county government delayed the previous years, miyagi prefecture 26 on the beach water quality testing.	由于废墟清理仍未正式启动，再加上海底地形发生了巨大变动，海岸本身的重建工作尚处于停滞状态，宫城县政府因此推迟了往年对县内26处海水浴场的水质检测。
Do you know he has your father?	你知道你父亲在他手上？
Sure. We'll see about that. That is all.	好的。我们走着瞧。没有其他事了。
Competitive analysis of the european aftermarket for telematics and infotainment systems.	欧洲远距遥测及情报系统的修配市场：竞争分析。
But you stopped him. 	但是你们阻止了他。 
I didn't blow my cover. 	我没有揭示我的身份。 
Hey, I lobbed one into the waiter on the patio. Accidents happen. 	嘿，我还打到院子里的侍者。意外总是有的。 
Nk that I should probably make a good bookkeeper for you.	我想我有可能成为贵公司的好簿记号。
He has massive internal bleeding.We have to get him out of here or he's going to die. 	他大面积内出血，得赶紧送医院，不然活不了。 
It's a terrific show. Laugh a minute. 	不错的节目。很好笑。 
Since shoes were invented - 	他就一直在卖鞋- 
Let's end it right here, right now. 	我们现在到此为止吧。 
Objectively speaking, ifyou weren't my children	假设你们不是我的孩子，客观地告诉我
For when because of the time you ought to be teachers, you have need again for someone to teach you what the rudiments of the beginning of the oracles of god are and have become those who have need of milk and not of solid food.	按时间说，你们该作教师；可是你们还需要有人将神谕言开端的要纲教导你们；并且成了那必须用奶，不能吃干粮的人。
Want to take a turbo kicking class?	你想学习搏击健身操吗？
Urban light pollution means that one-fifth of the world's population can no longer see the milky way with the naked eye.	都市的光污染意味着，世界上五分之一的人们仅凭借裸眼将看不到银河。
A user only needs to place the printed item on the screen of a tablet or smartphone--or place the screen on the item--and the invisible code immediately connects to the online content.	用户只需要将印刷品放在平板电脑或智能手机的屏幕上，或将屏幕放在印刷品上，隐形码就会立即调出网上的内容。
Kingsville, tx hotels with parking.	有停车场的金斯维尔饭店。
Traipsing around in front of the boys.	在男孩子面前搔首弄姿。
Now, both have had it!	现在，两边都有麻烦了！
What should we talk about next then?	咱们接下来该聊点什么呢？
She's so pretty! I wanna get married too. 	她好漂亮啊！我也想结婚。 
You lost. And not only did you Iose... 	你输了。你不仅输了…。 
This amazing mound to my right is a beavers' lodge	我右手边这个不可思议的堆状物就是海狸的住所
I figure he isn't out collecting for the red cross.	我认为这种人是不会为红十字会筹款的。
To others, it is in the midst of a structural change that could end up damaging america's ability to create the next google or microsoft.	其他人看来，它正处于结构变化之中，最终的结果可能会有损美国市场创造出下一个谷歌和微软的能力。
He has a thing for her, she has nothing for him.	他对她落花有意，她对他却是流水无情。
Even social democracy was now too radical and ex-pensive a political option.	甚至社会民主现在也变得激烈和昂贵。
I thought that was for the media. 	我原以为是为了媒体。 
I'm not interested in your bureaucratic chain of command. 	我对你那套官僚命令不感兴趣。 
Come on, son. Help me with my bag. 	快来，孩子。帮我拿提袋。 
So I'm bait? You're bait. 	所以我是诱饵吗？你是诱饵。 
Now started aren't you anyone slaves.	现在开始你不是任何人的奴婢了。
Anything you want, boy. 	你想要的一切亲爱的。 
Leehom: I am so excited to have now not only released my first japanese album, but also completed my first japan concert tour!	力宏：我觉得很兴奋，不仅是因为发行了我第一张日文专辑，也因为完成了我第一次的日本巡回演唱会！
If the capital flight continues, greek banks will be crippled.	如果资本持续外流，希腊银行状况堪忧。
I got the attending position. I'm staying in San Francisco.	我得到主治医生的职位了。我会留在旧金山。
All the villagers ran away, 	所有的村民都逃走了， 
Answer the phone. It's the hospital. 	听电话。这是医院。 
I'm so worried. You Haven't called. I have to call you back.	我很担心你。没打电话。我给你打回去。
Despite the country's abundance of natural-gas wealth, millions of algerians remain in poverty, with large slums surrounding the capital city, algiers.	尽管该国的天然气财富充足，数百万阿尔及利亚人仍然在贫困中，与周边大贫民窟首都阿尔及尔。
I need you to fax me my birth certificate 	帮我把我饿出生证明传真过来吧 
How did a piece of krypton get here?	这氪星的一角是如何来到此地的?
don't call me prince. 	别叫我王子。 
don't... don't let them track us.	别。。。别让他们跟上咱们。
Your retirement party, we're gonna drop you off at school.	准备你的退休聚会之前，我们要送你上学。
I think that I was one of them. 	我好像是其中之一。 
A microwave-assisted extraction ( mae) method was studied for the extraction of dnj from mulberry leaves.	研究利用微波辅助提取技术提取桑叶中生物碱dnj的方法。
And I can't just do anything to this baby. 	我不能为孩子做什么事。 
I'm gonna get this door! 	我来开这边的门！ 
You do not understand that: she is in troubles.	你不明白吗：她遇到麻烦了。
I think I know where he's going.	我想我知道他去了哪。
Works closely with department staff to collect projected expenses and variance explanations each month.	与部门员工紧密合作，每月收集预计花费以及差额说明信息。
Just tell us where the food is, 	你只要告诉我们食物在哪里， 
Just turn it off for a minute,	把声音关了吧，
Get even better at Christmas.	在圣诞生意更好。
Hmm. How about la villa de leyva? 	嗯。维亚·雷伊瓦如何？ 
Good morning, UC Berkeley. - may I please speak to someone...	早上好,这里是加州伯克利大学- 可以帮我转接...
From now on, you will look at me 	从现在开始，我和你说话的时候 
I can't stop thinking about you. I can't stop thinking about you. 	我每时每刻都在想你。我每时每刻都在想你。 
Unless these rights have meaning there, they have little meaning anywhere. Without concerted citizen action to uphold them close to home, we shall look in vain for progress in the larger world.	如果没有公民们以同心协力的行动从自家附近的小地方开始坚持这些权利，我们将不可能在更大的世界中看到它们有所进展。
I'll go get her. - no! Just stop!	我去看看宝宝。- 够了！你什么都别做！
Transition between the two auxiliary voltage ranges can be selected by means of jumpers.	两个辅助电压范围间的过渡可通过跳线选定。
They are in the daring vanguard in building socialism in our country and creating a happy life for the people.	他们是我国社会主义建设事业的急先锋，是人民幸福生活的创造者。
If you didn't play basketball? 	他为何还请你去呢？ 
And I know in that company that my days was numbered. 	我知道自己已经时日无多。 
Do not talk about gambling around Sam. 	别在山姆面前提赌博。 
To chastise me for my weakness? To mock me for my kindness? 	利用我的弱点刺痛我？利用我的好意嘲笑我？ 
Below we present the web of promises.	下面是一组令人心生希望的承诺。
Which one did you do first? The Medical. D. 	你先取得哪个学位的？医学博士 
mummy! I'm running. I'm running really fast! 	妈咪，我跑起来了。我跑得很快哟！ 
200 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 	光是美国的乳酪汉堡就产生 
It just reeks of you screwing with people.	它只会把麻烦传染给你。
They are stuck right into the heart of what was once...	它们正好插入到过去一座建筑的中心…
Would you stop meddling, English?	别捣乱好吗，英格里希？
I'm just saying he might be an artist. 	他也许是个艺术家。 
cause I'm not living in the streets.	因为我是不可能住在大街上的。
Is he still your best friend now? 	他是否现在还是你的挚友？ 
Non-military nationals. 	所有普通国民。 
Why? You are to marry and have four children. 	为什么？你就要结婚了还要生四个小孩。 
Because he betrayed business secrets 	比如他出卖了商业机密 
I gave it a shot. You can't blame a guy for that. 	我给了你机会。你可说不出去什么了。 
After their wedding, portia told bassanio to go to his friend at once.	婚后,波西亚告诉巴西尼奥立刻到他的朋友那里。
And there's more unhappy news respecting suffering-criterion number one.	考虑到苦难标准第一条，还有更多不愉快的消息。
You all right? - no, no, I'm not all right. 	你还好吗？- 不，不好，我有麻烦。 
Whether big or small, funny or sad, they can be surprising and inspiring.	无论大小、喜悲，这个时间都是令人惊奇并且推动民气的。
International terrorism; international law; right of self-protection; criminal responsibility.	国际恐怖主义；国际法；自卫权；刑事责任。
Get one thing straight, girl, I am lol Bibi 	立马记住这个，姑娘，我是罗比比 
You are something. You got it. Yeah. How's Calvin? How's he been? 	干的不错。你办到了。是的。加尔文怎样了？他最近怎样？ 
Dude! - you're right, I'm sorry. Relax. 	哥们！- 没错，不好意思。放松点。 
She is suffering from food poison these days.	她这些天一直经受着食物中毒的痛苦。
No problem! I `ll be back tomorrow 	当然没问题，我明天回来 
Going door to door in the building.	不放过楼里的任何蛛丝马迹
Corporal, I don't mean to leave you more short - handed, but orders are orders. 	下士，我并非想落井下石，但军令如山。 
Into everyone's drink with cheer. 	在欢呼声中洒进每个人的杯中。 
Yeah. Not so much for a child that I couldn't get pregnant.	是啊，一个不准怀孕的孩子。
What ever happened to the blind date?	相亲怎么样了？
Hey, not our problem. 	嘿，不关我们的事。 
We were doing it 3 times a day, all over town, 	我们一天做三次在城里到处做， 
Can we transport the us to a safer planet... 	我们能不能把美国转移到一个更安全的星球…… 
Research how to breakthrough the nodus of "main body reform chain" in guangdong provincial public hospitals.	突破广东省公立医院"主体改革链"难点的研究。
If the investigational product is marketed and its pharmacology is widely understood by medical practitioners, an extensive ib may not be necessary.	如果研究产品做了标记，并且它的药理学被开业医生广泛地理解，那么一个详尽的研究者手册就没有必要了。
Let me finish. By "excited," I - I mean, uh, cold as ice,	不会，我说兴奋，意思就是心如止水，
And emerge into adulthood in peace. 	安稳地进入成年期。 
I considered some of the awful things my grandparents and great-grandparents had seen in their lifetimes: two world wars, killer flu, segregation, a nuclear bomb.	我想到了祖父母和曾祖父母在世时遇到的可怕事情：两次世界大战、致命流感、种族隔离、核弹。
U.s. officials revealed the news, but said it was not clear whether bin laden himself was hoarding the videos, or if one or two of his fellow housemates occasionally indulged in some high-quality entertainment after a long day of tending to the compound's goats.	美国官员披露了这一消息，但声称不清楚这些录像带是否为拉登本人所收藏，还是与其同居一室的一两个亲信在经历了漫长的一天照料院中的山羊后偶尔沉溺于斯的一些优质娱乐节目。
You have to prove your loyalty, baby.	你得证明你的忠诚宝贝。
You're a drunk a sot,a pale and pickled wreck of a man. 	你只是一个惨白的酗酒成性的躯壳而已。 
You switched them back!	你又把它们调换回去了！
Guests will also appreciate the complimentary continental breakfast served in the dining room during breakfast hours only, free parking for one car per room. 	入住的客人还喜欢我们餐厅提供的免费欧式早餐（仅在早餐时间提供）以及免费停车场（一车一位）。 
Why does lady Rosalind call herself Julia... 	为什么罗莎琳德小姐要称她自己为朱丽娅... 
Real biological evidence has also been found in recent years.	近年来还发现了一些实实在在的生物学证据。
So I started writing down the atomic numbers in that order,	我按照那个顺序写下了元素顺序，
Since taking charge in 2009, mr polman has stopped unilever from publishing full financial results every quarter. He refuses to offer earnings guidance to equity analysts.	自2009年接任以来，波尔曼先生每季度不再公示联合利华的所有财务业绩，也拒绝向股票分析师们提供利润咨询。
You can expect the district attorney's office to bring two counts of murder. 	地检署将会以两项谋杀罪控告你。 
But they probably wouldn't let me.	可是他们也许不会让我去。
You haven't made any money since before we got married! 	从我们结婚之前你就没有赚过钱！ 
Where is it? I need it back.	在哪儿？我要拿回来。
He started by taking two dollars out of each account...... 	他一开始从一些账户里面提走2美元...... 
These men just need a little break.	弟兄们只需要稍稍休息。
But, you know, in India, we have a saying... 	不过，在印度我们有一种说法…… 
I repeat, the disk was not transferred. 	我重复一遍，磁盘没有被转移。 
Mr leipziger is a vice-president at the world bank.	利浦泽格是世界银行副行长。
You've lost three husbands. All three had life insurance policies. 	你失去了3任丈夫。每个都有人寿保险。 
Do you know the queen of Louisiana? 	你认识路易斯安那州女王吗？ 
Would it help to cuddle? 	抱一下会好点么？ 
I see that. But let's go upstairs.	我看到了。但我们先上楼。
The 782-meter Long Corridor connects them with each other.In this way,the scenery appears more orderly. 	长廊全长728米，互相连接。以这样的方式，景色看起来更有序了。 
Ah. I don't always have Bernard present.	啊。我也不一定要伯纳在场的对吧。
It was - Whatever. 	只是 - 随便吧。 
Uh, when you entered the picture, 	呃，你走进我的生活时， 
But, um... I can't find it.	可，嗯... 那些我找不到了。
I mean, you... You weren't, were you?	我的意思是你... 你没有对吗？
So where is my cut?	我的开支在那里？
Now, fewer people stand on ceremony and even in formal situations most people are freindlly and relaxed and concerned to put others at their ease.	现在很少有人拘泥于礼节即便是很正式的场合很多人都是显得和蔼轻松随和注意不让对方感到拘束。
And I didn't want to divert my mind with a corporate executive 	我不想把我的精力转到一个 
Heath is collaborating with stanford university microfluidics expert stephen quake to fabricate chips in which fluids pumped down microscopic channels shuttle single cells into position over a nanosensor array, where they can be studied one at a time.	希斯与斯坦福大学微流体专家史蒂芬奎克（stephen quake）合作，在一个纳米传感器阵列上装配芯片液体把穿梭于微通道的单个细胞输送到位，在那里，可以每次研究一个细胞。
I'm going to andalucia, South of Spain 	我准备去安达西亚，在西班牙的南部 
He wants to show the world that anyone can learn to be an ambassador.	他想向世人表明任何人都能通过学习而成为一名大使。
How long before I can do the show?	我几时开始表演？
You can serve some light. Forget it.	借个光。还是算了。
The killer thrust it in deep and then tilted it up and pulled it out.	刀子直接狠戳进身体接着挑起来然后拔了出去。
But I had this deal on the side. 	但我另外有担交易。 
The world's three - quarters water. 	世界上有四分之三面积是水。 
Just think - this was once the seabed of a prehistoric ocean. 	想想看这里曾是史前海洋的海底。 
No, I think that they are just trying to help you remember	不，我想他们就是想帮你回忆起之前的事
I'm kind of strapped for time.	我的时间有点紧凑。
Jeong - soon,... I'll get back	全顺，……我在釜山一把鱼卸下之后
Meanwhile, some msbs, fearing that the issue will never gain political traction, are taking matters into their own hands.	同时，一些现金服务企业由于担心这个草案难以赢得政治吸引力，正在着手自己解决这个问题。
I never ate cottage cheese. 	我从没吃过松软干酪。 
He was seen a few miles from here driving an old two - tone, brown - and - tan grand Prix.	有人在离这儿几英里的地方看见他开了辆棕褐相间的旧车。
Wanted me to donate it to science, 	他想让我把射线枪贡献给科学研究， 
Yeah, he better be.	是哦，他最好是。
We need $1 0,000 from you to help her. 	我们要从你这要$ 10，000去帮她。 
And stand over here. Here is the ribbon of trees. OK?	站在那，这是树的区域，好吗？
Well, he wasn't being cruel.	不是他残忍。
Analysts say chinese companies are already very active in bidding for projects in the middle east and latin america.	分析师称，中国企业已经在非常积极地参与中东与拉丁美洲项目的投标活动。
You fold your napkin just like your mom. 	你叠起餐巾来跟你妈一样。 
Well, aren't you gonna answer it?	你不打算应答吗？
You need to be scheduled! Well, then, schedule me! 	你得预约！那就给我预约！ 
So he must have his reasons. 	所以他肯定有他的原因。 
The war was irretrievably lost.	这场战争已必输无疑。
Lead the darkness right back to her door,	会让她重新面对黑暗的过去，
Senior management of geg and starworld hotel and guo jingjing, diving gold medalist.	银河娱乐集团及星际酒店管理层与跳水运动员郭晶晶合照。
According to a recent survey from the apa, women pay a price for their stressful schedules.	据美国心理协会最近调查，女人已经为连轴转的日程付出代价。
And sole member of the Agrestic eco - warriors.	创办人主席以及唯一会员。
May we hear medical testimony? 	我们可以开始聆听医生的证词了吗？ 
Why can't it just be you and me, James? 	为什么不能只有你跟我？詹姆斯？ 
don't worry. I'll be here all night.	别担心。我今晚会一直在这的。
Sorry about all the clutter. 	抱歉，很乱。 
How have you two kept your marriage together for so long? 	你们两位怎么维持婚姻这么久？ 
Monitoring the chatter, however, may nip such an epidemic in the bud.	然而监测这种唠叨却可能将这种流行消灭于萌芽状态。
But they took the land away. 	但是他们夺走了我们的土地。 
I put it on my hands and face, because they were still smarting.	我把药膏擦在我的手和脸上，因为伤口还很痛。
Commit myself, my person, 	我在此宣誓， 
Do yourself a favor, mate. Get some sleep.	给你个忠告，伙计。去睡觉吧。
All right! Bloody hell. Boy done good...	好了！操小伙子干得好...
You know he has a right to his own medical opinion?	你知道他有权发表自己医学意见吧？
I've got a good life here. 	我日子过的很好。 
Well... I'll check on that. Don't worry about it. The bank's screwing up.	好吧... 我会查清楚的。别担心。应该是银行搞错了。
If you ever need any more rats, we can always send ours over 	如果你们缺老鼠，我们的送你们说真的，我们太多了 
You must listen when I talk to you! 	我对你说话时你必须听着！ 
I could set up my tent and everything.	我可以负责搭帐篷布置一切。
Except as otherwise stated in the employer's requirements, the contractor shall provide and maintain all necessary accommodation and welfare facilities for the contractor's personnel.	除雇主要求中另有说明外,承包商应为承包商人员提供和保持一切必要的食宿和福利设施。
He rustled his papers to hide his embarrassment.	他哗哗地翻动着文件以掩盖他的窘迫。
The implications of preexistence are a concern of subsequent christian thought.	前世的后续影响是一个基督教思想的关注。
I helped with documents and interpretation of some researches.	我有文献和研究成果的帮助。
Locals call beijing tan da bing, which means spreading pancake.	当地人说北京是在“摊大饼”。
I pray to Allah, the all - compassionate, 	我向真主祈祷，大慈大悲， 
What kind of client 	是什么客户 
The man who ruined my life, 	他毁了我的人生， 
Well, if you weren't right here, I'd call you. 	如果你不在这儿，我就给你打电话。 
I don't know... What have I done? What did I do wrong? 	我都不知…我做错了什么？我做错了什么？ 
The depression surrounding a salt marsh or lake, especially in north africa.	北非小盐湖盆地：盐碱沼泽地或湖泊周围的洼地，尤指在北非。
I'm not stalking you, I swear.	我发誓，我不是在跟踪你。
She -? She wants another soda? 	她 - 她要再来一杯苏打水？ 
Our passions! That's why you punched me! 	我们的热情！那就是为什么你打我！ 
Plus they're just... They're so good. 	再说它们太好吃了。 
You know who we're up against. 	你知道我们在对抗的是谁。 
After the funeral, I just had to leave. 	丧礼之后我不得不走。 
If you have already taken too many paracetamols, go to the emergency room of your nearest hospital now.	如果你已经吃了太多的扑热息痛，那么就马上去最近的急症室。
So there I go ! 	我先走了！ 
Why didn't you let me give you my notes first? 	为什么不让我先给你做修改呢？ 
Third is lin biao, minister of defense. He develops the mao cult and tries to become mao's successor.	第三位是国防部长林彪，他助推毛的个人崇拜，努力成为毛的革命事业接班人。
It's a stupid idea.	你的想法蠢到家了
He was indifferent to his father's fortune, which was significant; it had been acquired through the process of vulcanizing tires for cars.	他不关心父亲那些可观的财富；父亲的财富是通过给汽车轮胎硫化赚来的。
I'm perfectly fine. Are you sure?	我十分好。你确定吗？
But it is still three months before the first primaries, many voters are undecided and mr thompson's performances are gradually improving.	但是离初选第一站还有3个月，许多选民还没决定，汤普森的表现也逐渐在改善。
So I told him, for the tenth time, stop urinating in the sink. 	当我第十次跟他说“不要在水池里小便”时。 
A very dangerous saboteur is about to enter your ship.	一名危险破坏份子正准备进入你们的船。
I think they did. No! 	我以为他们都知道。不！ 
This sleep is sound indeed,	他真的睡熟了，
I thought your doctorate was in pharmacology, 	我以为你的博士学位是在药理学领域， 
We missed him. No.	我们错过了。不对。
Other amenities include a refrigerator and microwave to keep perishables fresh, a coffee maker, hairdryer and an immense king bed to finish the day with a great night's sleep. 	其他便利设施包括冰箱和微波炉应保证易腐食物的新鲜，咖啡机、吹风机和特大床以使您度过一个美好的夜晚。 
At oxford university, I often hear people say there is nothing wrong with the system: the problem is the vice-chancellor/ master/ bursar/ university officials.	在牛津大学（oxford university），我经常听到人们说，体系没有错，问题在于副校长/教师/会计/学校官员。
It isn't easy to be a singer.	当歌手不是那么容易的。
For donating a photo to the silent auction.	捐了一幅摄影作品给无声拍卖会。
Right, so they either knew each other, or one was trying to steal the car from the other? 	所以他们互相认识，或者想偷另外一人的车？ 
A couple of pilots used the highway as a landing strip with mixed results. 	几个飞行员用高速公路来降落。 
Get off me. Gotta go.	离开。快走。
The BEST WESTERN Sky Valley Inn is located 0.40 miles east of Highway 522 and Highway 2 Interchange. 	贝斯特韦斯特天空谷酒店位于522号高速公路和2号高速公路交叉口东0.40 英里。 
Come on, you spend all your time with him, 	我是说，你一直跟他混在一起， 
And use this table for my Xbox.	以此表达我的想法。
My field contact?	我的接头人？
If it protected quilok, it will protect us. 	如果它能保护魁拉克，它就能保护我们。 
Before reductions for investors who benefit from existing tax treaties, the us currently withholds 30 per cent.	不考虑对受益于现行税制投资者的税收减免，美国目前的预提所得税率为30%。
Standby. I'll advise when they move.	待命等我的信号。
The one about the sun and the moon? 	太阳和月亮的故事？ 
you seem to travel a lot.	你看来去过不少地方。
You need to make se that you're with me on that raft, all right? 	你们要跟我一起上救生艇？ 
Do you know what might befall me?	我又会面对啥？
Atlanta was voted the best city in which to locate a business by more than 400 chief executives.	逾400名行政总裁投票推选亚特兰大为最适宜开办公司的城市。
Why isn't he talking to us?	他为什么不理我们?
The markets are already discounting the effectiveness of the fed's latest move.	市场已经不太相信美联储最新措施的有效性。
Amidst her noble and elegant manners, there is now and then a little touch of bashfulness and conventional rusticity.	在她高贵优雅的仪态中，不时露出一丝羞涩和修女的质朴。
And the whole entire way home, I remember the glittery new york city buildings passing by, and then just sitting there thinking, am I ever going to talk to this person again?	在回家的路上，我都记得整个纽约市灯火阑珊，而我只是坐在那里沉思者，我会再和他说话吗？
But we've been talking about going after their market. 	但我们在考虑夺下他们的市场 
If you take an ipad and hold it upright in portrait view and draw an imaginary horizontal line halfway down the screen, the screens on the seven-inch tablets are a bit smaller than the bottom half of the ipad display.	如果把iPad竖起来放在身前，然后想象着在其屏幕中间画一条水平线，那么7英寸平板电脑的屏幕要比这条中轴线还要靠下。
You sound like you try to convince yourself.	听上去像是在想说服你自己。。
But when a german was named to succeed him, it seemed even to many italians that their grip on the papacy had been broken.	但是当一位德国人得到提名继任教皇之位时，意大利人上百年来稳坐教皇之位的情形似乎被打破了。
Here is a song from the band's first album, called le tigre.	这里有一首她们首张专辑《老虎》中的歌曲，
They're in the form of a skeleton. 	像骸骨似的。 
Not to sound rude, but what are you doing here? 	无意冒犯，不过您来这干什么？ 
Because when you Look good, you feel good.	因为你看上去不错，你就会感觉不错。
The locals have some big advantages.	本土企业具有一些巨大的优势。
But you play your silly American games all day long, 	但是你整天做你的美国运动的地方， 
Yeah. Yeah. I can do this. You're actually gonna go through with this? 	好。好。我做。你真要这么干下去？ 
Listen - the sun, the sand,	听- 太阳，沙子，
You're not in Iraq, gringo. 	你们不是在伊拉克，外国佬。 
It's all right. Give him some space. Come on.	好吧。给他点空间。过来。
Results sawtooth-like waveform was found in eog but square-like waveform in the eye tracker.	结果eog波形为锯齿波，而眼动仪记录波形为矩形波。
I have something I'd like to propose to you. They don't want dumplings.	有件事情，我想向你说。他们不要那馄饨。
He's violent, angry, and she's the first one who seems like she got a good look at him. 	他手法暴力，极端愤怒，而她是第一个看清凶手样子的人。 
Well, that appears legitimate.	唔，看起来是真的。
That's... That sounds like fun. 	嗯…听起来蛮有趣的。 
Yes, Mr. Falconer? 	福克纳先生？ 
Go on, it's better than 30 years in jail	你下手好了，打得我重伤也好过坐30年牢
You taught me who I am,	你告诉我我是谁，
Remember, you used to fast - forward, it'd make that sound? Boop - boop, boop - boop. 	你记不记得以前快进的时候都有这个声音？蹦，蹦，蹦-蹦。 
Tell him you can't make it? Yeah, I'll give him the message. 	告诉他你不能来了？好，我会帮你传达这个口信的。 
You should've took the day off to see the doctor.	你应该请假去看医生的。
I mean, you're probably gonna let us go soon, right?	我的意思是你一会儿就放我们走，是不是？
Do not... Hurt them.	不能伤害她们。
You must go to Basra, my son. 	你必须去巴士拉，我的儿子。 
I know, the dry cleaners accidentally shredded my original dress, 	我知道干洗工不小心把我原来准备的那条给扯破了， 
But these three principles are powerful	但这三个原则是非常重要的
Mr hu's efforts at rebranding need some more explaining at home.	胡锦涛主席重塑中国形象的努力在国内还需作出更多的解释。
Because if they found my guns and drugs, I  of been in trouble. 	如果他们发现我的枪还有毒品，那就麻烦大了。 
We offer complimentary BBQ grills for guests and groups to use at their leisure. 	本酒店为客人和团体提供在他们闲暇时使用的烧烤架。 
Three robberies on this block in two months. 	两个月内这街区3起抢劫。 
Ow! It's pulling out my hair. 	它粘着我的头发。 
He looked tired. However, he was happy to serve the city of krakow again. He was the local archbishop before he succeeded the office of pontiff in 1978.	他看来疲倦，但很高兴能再次巡牧克拉科市，因为他在一九七八年继任教宗之前，曾担任当地的大主教。
As potential female predators see more and more headlines about teachers like themselves bedding boys, it can seem more acceptable behavior in their eyes-especially when they see that offenders like lafave get relatively light sentences.	当潜在的“猎色型”女性老师发现报纸上这种事越来越多，这会让她们认为这种事非常的可取的特别是当她们看到像lafave这样的犯罪者获得的刑罚较低。
For a pool party and barbecue tonight. 	参加泳池派对和烧烤。 
Service. OK. Two rabbits, one mallard, table seven. 	上菜。好。两客兔子，一客野鸭，七号桌。 
What are you doing? Fishing. 	你在干什么？下饵。 
European provisions concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods on inland waterway.	内河危险品国际运输欧洲规则.
Wow, you guys look beautiful! So perfect! 	太完美了，年龄就是挡不住啊！太完美了！ 
I mean never.	我说永远。
Uranus has 17 known moons. 	天王星有17个已知的卫星。 
He has money, so he can help you. 	他有钱，所以能帮到你。 
You're like a heat - seeking missile. 	你就像是一枚热追踪导弹。 
And dresses the same plastic way.	穿相同的肤浅衣服。
First staff meeting of the new softer, quieter,	待人温和安静温柔的内部制度出台后，
Remember, I'm just a couple of blocks away. 	别忘了，要找我的话我就在附近。 
Okay, I will, thanks.	好，我会的，谢谢。
Wow, don't sugarcoat it or anything. 	别说的那么好听。 
Just like he's done for me all these years.	就像这么多年他为我所作的一切。
This exchange is key to feeling part of the pub crowd and thereby getting to know more about britain than its touists spots.	这种相互请酒是感受自己是酒吧群体中一员的关键做法，从而可以更多了解旅游点以外的英国。
But I think you're my soul mate.	可我认为你是我的知己。
I don't not like cats,	我不是不喜欢猫，
Come on, man. Got to be done! 	快去吧，兄弟。快去烤！ 
Two telephones per room, one portable for guest convenience 	每个房间的两部电话，一个便携式方便客人使用。 
I told you time and again. 	我告诉过你很多遍。 
The only thing logged in is what she was wearing.	唯一入库的是她当时的衣物。
You know, I didn't know I was going to react that way. 	你知道，我也不知道我为何会有那样的反应。 
Fill out the application carefully, and keep copies of it.	仔细填写申请表，并且保存副本。
It's from before the Soviet Union broke up. 	我在苏联解体前买的。 
I can't believe he still drinks that stuff.	我真不敢相信他还在是喝这玩意儿
And I mean never let an inmate 	我是说从不让一个犯人 
Doctors said I could go to work. 	医生说我能去工作啦。 
What is it? What's wrong with her? 	为什么？她哪有问题？ 
The husband, the wife and the lover. 	丈夫、妻子和情人。 
The village has decided it doesn't want the road. 	我们决定不再需要那条公路。 
In may, a wall street restaurant boasted it was selling the costliest burger in new york, with the$ 175 patty made of kobe beef, black truffles and seared foie gras.	今年5月份，一家位于华尔街的餐馆宣称他们出售全纽约最贵的汉堡，里面夹的肉饼用神户牛肉、黑松露和烧鹅肝制成，售价175美元。
If you wanted to find a parallel for that, 	如果你要寻找与它相似的动物， 
Fed him already.	已经喂过他了。
Yeah, I know. I'll clean the atelier as soon as I'm finished here, okay? 	我知道。这里的事解决之后我马上就去清理工作室，可以吗？ 
Israel wants lebanese and international troops to be patrolling all of lebanon's borders to prevent hezbollah from rearming.	以色列要求黎巴嫩和国际部队在黎巴嫩边界全线巡逻，防止真主党游击队重新武装。
Now I know you have incredibly high standards. 	我知道你对自己的要求很高。 
What are you talking about? I thought...	你在说什么？我原以为...
Yeah.... You think you want, okay?	听好了... 你要的生活？
Ireland looks like an abstemious jogger that has suffered a heart attack.	爱尔兰看起来像是一个有节制的慢跑者犯了场心脏病。
Hunan revolutionist group and the foundation of ccp.	湘籍革命家群体与中国共产党的创建。
Aspiration of fluid-filled nodes and careful personal hygiene help prevent the infection from spreading.	心愿充液节点和精心个人卫生有助于防止感染蔓延。
I calculated my odds of ever getting together...	我计算过和那个葡萄牙女服务员…
I can't call it for you. 	我不能为你猜。 
Biting, I see. 	你在咬我！ 
There you are driving along and wham! You hit a pothole.	你正开车走着——嘭，撞到了一个坑。
Let's get that dispatcher back in here, all right?	再把那调度员带来好吗？
Because it's a lot of androgynous wear, and that's my entire look. 	因为中性感觉的衣服很多，也是我的风格。 
Unable to rid her from his heart, 	但却无法把希尤拉从心头抹去， 
We have an account at harrods.	我们可以在哈罗德商店赊账。
You don't even know me, dad. How you can you say that?	你甚至不了解我，爸爸。你怎么能那么说呢？
In addition, the us-rok alliance has also been some new conditions for the early recovery of his south korean military command, and the korea-us relations and relations between south korea and there have been calls to treat equidistant.	另外，美韩同盟方面也出现了一些新的情况，韩国要求尽早收回他的军事指挥权，而且韩美关系和韩中关系也出现了等距离对待的呼声。
Vegas was a different town back then.	当年的维加斯跟现在不一样。
Or some kind of misfiring synapses.	或是某种神经原不来电。
Hey, mom. - come on! Fun! The pier! 	嘿，妈妈。- 来吧！多有趣啊！凸堤游乐场啊！ 
I smelled a rat the second we got that office. 	从我们拿到那办公室那一刻我就觉得很可疑。 
Hey, he makes a point. 	嘿，有道理呢。 
So I J - I just thought maybe you could offer some advice. 	所以我想你或许能提供点建议。 
What's up, bro? Why are you so Iow? 	兄弟，你怎么了？为何如此消沉？ 
That's good. You've taken your first step into a larger world. 	很好。你已朝更重要工作开始第一步。 
I don't like what you're implying, and I like being followed even less 	我不喜欢你暗示的东西，也不喜欢被跟踪 
And that is what is wanted now. 	我们节目现在需要的是这个。 
Now, about your proposal...	关于你的提议。
Sounds idyllic. Let me ask you this.	听上去很美好。我这么问你吧。
The drop-down election calendar includes some tentative dates, which we will update if they are revised.	下拉式的选举日历包括一些不确定的日期，如果这些日期得以修正，《经济学人》会尽快更新。
Better keep him in the background.	最后把他摆在后面。
Me, Papa.	我去找，爸爸。
Gina, we both know that if I did nice stuff for you, you'd hit me. 	你跟我都知道如果我也对你做那种不错的事，你会揍我的。 
We took a bath a couple of years ago on this other comic book movie, 	我们几年前在另一部漫画改编的电影上栽得很惨， 
But if we lose ourselves, we lose everything. 	但如果失去自我我们就没救了。 
In particular, young people often have difficulty remaining abstinent, and women in male-dominated societies are frequently unable to negotiate condom use, let alone abstinence.	尤其是年轻人往往难以保持节制，并且身处男性主导的社会的妇女，往往没有协商使用安全套的权力。
My share is 90%. 	我要九成。 
You see how - how she love me?	你看到了她有多- 多爱我？
Because this election isn't about emotions, it's about facts.	因为竞选与激情无关，与事实有关。
Describes the elementary theory on constructing the seaport industrial zone, and also analyses the background, the request and the content of caofeidian industrial zone regulatory detailed planning.	描述了海港工业地区建设的基本理论，并且分析曹妃甸工业区控制性详细规划编制的背景、要求和内容。
I have some accumulated days off coming, right? 	我累积了一些假期没用，对吧？ 
Bear right until after the second pedestrian crossing then take the left hand lane. 	右转，过第二个人行道交叉口后走左侧车道。 
Good thing we both brought our opera glasses!	好在我们带了剧场观望眼镜！
Did you get anything? Nothing good. 	你发现什么线索没有？没什么有价值的。 
And what you've been drawing.	一定有所联系。
I only started my new job yesterday and I haven't yet time to get my bearings.	我仅仅昨天才揩始新的工伧，因此还没有理出滚畏绪。
Oversight saw it as a threat to financial security - 	“上峰”认为它威胁到了财政安全- 
I mean, what are they doing to you? Are you brain washed? 	我是说，他们对你怎样了？你被洗脑了吗？ 
All right, I run off...	好吧，我走了...
I'll buy them for you, so please stop, okay?	我帮你给她买你就别参赛了，行吗？
don't. Go. Enjoy your family. 	别去吧享受家人的陪伴。 
Moving into the sigmoid.	移到乙状结肠。
I mean, what kind of person turns his back on his own son 	我是说，有谁会扔下自己的儿子 
The dollar has weakened 8% this year to 86.30 yen and now is flirting with last november's low of 84.82 yen.	美元兑日圆今年已下跌了8%，至86.30日圆，目前正接近去年11月份触及的84.82日圆的低位。
Other people would never bother to. 	别人都有兴趣的。 
I said they couldn't prove money was a motive. 	我是说他们没法证明作案动机是为了钱。 
They have hearts of gold and are innocent as a newborn baby.	狗狗们有着金子般的心灵，却像刚出生的婴儿一样的天真。
We'll report the coachman is drunk.	我们会报告车夫喝醉了。
In case the auto-credit is rejected by the related bank, I agree to receive the loan payment in hkd cheque issued by your company.	倘若自动转账之款项被收款银行退回,本人同意贵公司以港元支票形式支付有关保单之保单贷款予本人.
I am not sure I wanna send Maia to a school	我不知道应该不应该把玛娅送去一个专门为4400准备的学校
No, I'll let you drop that bomb.	不会，我会让你扔下这颗炸弹。
How did the dialogue get so mangled? I thought you had a technical consultant. 	为什么对话会变得这么混乱？我以为你有个技术顾问的。 
Going round and round.	孤独的转个不停。
Under pressure 	在压力下
You were right - I think he'll play ball.	我说得对- 我觉得他会合作。
I just want her to leave me alone.	我只是叫她不要再骚扰我了。
Italy has dominated the headlines out of europe this week as its government fell into chaos and its largest bank, unicredit, reported a record loss.	上周随着意大利政坛震荡以及意大利最大的银行裕信银行（Unicredit）公布创纪录的亏损业绩，意大利占据了很多欧洲以外媒体的头条位置。
We just got a call from LAPD. 	我们刚刚接到洛杉矶警局的电话。 
And that's.... When she catches you.	就在此时.... 她捕获了你。
Your sickness... The fact that it's gotten more serious...	你的病... 变得越来越糟糕了...
Nothing much so far, we're doing our best	暂时还没有
I appreciate everything that you have done in gathering???	我很感激你在取证过程中所做的一切？？？
I swear, sometimes I don't know where you children come from.	我发誓有时我真不知道你们这些孩子是从哪钻出来的。
Everybody, follow me!	各位，跟着我！
What are you looking at? Get lieutenant James in here.	你在看什么？请詹姆斯中尉进来。
Come on, don't overdo it. 	哦，不要这样。 
Screaming , no, no no, no,	尖叫着不，不，不，不，
Rospars and the others dashed for a trolley that had been arranged, complete with secret service escort, to get them safely to grant park in time to hear the president-elect speak.	rospars和其他人急冲向一辆事先准备好的公车，在国安的护送下及时地把他们送到格兰特公园听胜利演说。
Don't become one of them, all right? I won't. 	你可不要成为其中的一个呀，好吗？不会的。 
If you can hear me, I'll call  you back in a second. 	如果你听不见，我等会再联系。 
So, are you staying over? 	你要留下过夜吗？ 
That track record should engender some faith; on the whole, central bankers act responsibly, and healthy industrial economies aren't prone to regular inflationary spirals.	这样的记录可以产生一些信心；总的来说，央行是负责的，而且健康的经济体不容易定期发生通胀。
Mosul, local officials said the assassination had just happened that the security situation in iraq is still not optimistic.	摩苏尔地方官员表示，刚刚发生的刺杀事件表明，伊拉克境内的安全局势依然不容乐观。
There isn't much we servants miss, Mr. North. 	很少有我们当佣人的不知道的事，诺斯先生。 
God's my life, where's the sexton?	上帝是我的生命教堂司事在哪里？
Presented by the nobel foundation, the award-only given to living writers-is worth 8 million kronor ( 741000).	诺贝尔奖由诺贝尔基金会主办，只授予职业作家，该奖项价值800万瑞典克朗（741000英镑）。
I see you needed to hire someone. 	你需要招个人。 
You don't put bag over my head? 	你没在我头上放个包吧？ 
All right. And damn near half - naked. 	也不会让他身上连快衣服都没有好了。 
What took you so long? Were you scared?	你怎么这么久才来？你吓到了吗？
If they could've 	如果他们无法预知 
Do you believe in the afterlife?	你相信人死后的事么？
The act of excepting or the condition of being excepted; exclusion.	除外排除的行动或被排除的状态；排除在外。
Come on. If I show up at your door,	我来到。你的门前，
I don't have your stamina, and I can't keep up. 	我没你那样的精力，我受不了。 
You looked like you needed help.	你看上去需要帮助。
We got witnesses remember you that night	我们找到了个目击证人记得你那晚
And before long, I had landed, if you will, some leads......	不久，我演了，如果你想的话，一些主角......
He's going to assassinate Delancey. 	他是为了暗杀迪兰西。 
I'm so glad you changed your mind. Car me too.	我很高兴你改变了主意。我也是。
If you have five seconds when you're not dizzy.	如果给你5秒不被她的女色。
Why? I stopped by your place earlier. 	为什么？我之前去了你们家。 
See if we can get a match on a driver's license. 	在能否在驾照库里找到匹配。 
Especially since I come bearing treats. 	尤其我还在招待大家。 
So I'm mixing it up a bit tonight,	我调了点酒今晚我们，
My country will be declining to sign your peace document. 	但我国将愈发无意签署和平协议。 
Ian crockford, project manager for the olympic delivery authority, the public body responsible for developing and building the new venues, said creating the fastest pool possible was his aim from the beginning.	负责规划和兴建伦敦奥运园区的奥运交付管理局（olympic delivery authority）的项目经理伊恩克罗克福德（ian crockford）表示，他从一开始就致力于打造“最快”的游泳池。
When she gets into the car,	当她进车的时候，
Well, it's cold, there's a lot of blood... It's right up your alley. 	又冷血又多... 正合你的口味。 
Impaired sensory awareness? Memory loss? 	感知觉受损失忆之类的？ 
If this is your idea of how fellow professionals 	如果你认为应该这么对待同行 
Okay. Look. We had a relationship.	好吧。听着。我们曾经是恋人。
And even bourgeois. 	你们要说布尔乔亚才会这样也行。 
And I needed a kidney, 	我需要一个肾， 
I think I got what you're looking for.	我想我有你们想找的东西。
So we'll send out smaller groups they can't resist ambushing.	因此我们派出小分队因为敌人不能抵抗伏击。
I don't care what they're doing as long as they're doing it way over there. 	我不在乎牠们在那路上做多久。 
And now where were we? 	我们刚刚说到哪了？ 
You know I don't like nights. 	你知道我不喜欢夜晚。 
Tell them, tell them they've got the wrong family. That it's a mistake. 	告诉他们，他们抓错了人，一定是搞错了。 
Because he was her father. 	因为他是她们的父亲。 
And she'll never burn my leg here again.	她再不会烧我的腿毛了。
He did a terrible thing,	他的行为真可怕，
Currently on campus, most of e-leaning platforms are constructed on the basic consideration of either single computer or server. Once the workload increases, renewing or upgrading hardware has become the only solution, which is a great burden to a school with insufficient budget.	目前校园内大部分的数位学习平台架构，都是以单一电脑或伺服器为架设基础考量，一旦工作量增加时只能不断更新或升级软硬体，对於经费不充裕的学校而言是一大负担。
Ah, but look at the result. 	不过，看看最终的结果。 
It's just, like, no guy I know would have made that choice.	我认识的男人中没一个能做出这等事。
Okay, then. So we dispatched 20 cabs to Diane's steakhouse last night. 	昨晚。我们一共向黛安餐厅派了20辆车。 
You should really listen to your doctor.	你真的应该听你医生的话。
To kick his ass, understand?	给他来个底朝天，知道吗？
Leishmaniasis. No fever. 	利什曼症。无发热。 
But, like everything in life, there is also a downside to micro-blogging.	然而，像生命中所有事物一样，有得定必有失，微博也有一些缺点。
This the real enemy. 	他才是真正的敌人。 
What's he shouting? 	他在叫什么？ 
I rub your back, fill in when you're too sick to take care of your child,	我帮你拍背照顾孩子，
He slapped you in the face with his Dick? Yes, multiple times. 	他用鸡鸡在你脸上扇你耳光？我靠，小点儿声好多下。 
All floating wage system to explore job performance.	全浮动岗位绩效工资制度的探索。
I didn't call you right away. 	我没有马上通知你。 
I am sure the all the stadiums are very crowded.	所有的体育场肯定人都很多,很拥挤.
I remember the Christmas you and mom gave me the toolbox.	我记得有一次圣诞节你和妈妈送了一个工具箱给我。
Then take me to her body. 	带我去看她的尸体。 
What they find could provide clues to what might happen worldwide if ozone depletion continues.	他们的发现可以揭示如果臭氧持续减少，世界范围内可能会出现什么情况。
Of course, JFK used the old bad - back excuse,	当然，他一直借口自己背不好，
I think he really doesn't know.	我看他真的不知道。
You  do what you normally do 	你就像往常一样就可以了 
Just in case we have to arrest you at the conclusion of this interview.	以防会谈之后我们必须逮捕你。
Please, Mac, I'm so tired.	快点，麦克，我很累。
Oh, we'll get to Stella. I want to talk about Ben. 	噢，我们等下再去见史黛拉。我想聊聊你的事。 
Althoughthe translators are proud of their work, few would dare list it ontheir resumes.	虽说这些译者都对自身的工作感到自豪，但他们很少敢将其写在简历上。
Carried a gun - all the good it did him. Employer probably 	带着把枪它给他带来了好处雇主可能给了他武器 
It was really sluggish.	当时运行的非常慢。
Christ, he stinks. - get that mask off him 	天，这家伙臭死了。- 把他的面具拿掉 
No, I thought there is something. Come here	一定有什么事起来
But all I know is how to design rockets.	结果我就只会设计火箭。
So, I'm thinking... Here's what I'm thinking. 	我在想……这是我的想法。 
In 2009, facing a primary challenge from pat toomey, an orthodox right-winger, mr specter switched parties again.	2009年，在与正统右翼人士--派特图米的初选竞争时，斯派克再次更换自己的党派信仰。
Aye... mustn't feed the beast!	是啊，... 不能去喂野兽！
At oriflame we love beauty products and we love creating them for you, which is why we take great care and attention to select the highest quality ingredients to use in our products.	欧瑞莲热爱美容产品,也乐于为您制造,所以我们非常注意挑选高质量的产品生产原料.
Stages and at irregular intervals.	在脚手架上做时间间隔也不确定。
The band played in the mayor and his wife.	乐队奏乐迎接市长和市长夫人。
I want to go everywhere. 	我要去任何地方。 
Something snapped. - she replaced us. 	变得和以前不一样了。- 我们被取代了。 
Come back here, you lubbers! 	快回来，你们这两个蠢蛋！ 
Tim condon, ing's chief economist for asia, said this latest evidence of a contraction in growth could help push the government from fine-tuning policy to outright easing.	荷兰国际集团（ing）亚洲首席经济学家康登（tim condon）说，经济增长出现收缩的最新证据可能令政府从政策微调转向全面宽松。
He was arrested on some trumped-up charge.	他因为莫须有的罪名被捕。
Yeah, well, too bad, cause I ain't talk in'. Well, I ain't leaving . 	是啊，那，可太糟了，我不会说的那我就不走。 
I think'soul mates" is a concept Hollywood invented	我觉得灵魂伴侣压根就是好莱坞发明出来
Oh, good. - okay. 	哦，好吧。- 好吧。 
I think there isn't a closed door in the world that beauty can't open. 	我觉得在这世上没什么能难倒漂亮的人。 
Which brands of eye shadow are you using and have you used?	烦请列出您所使用过的眼影品牌
Why? Because I got shit to do, okay?	为啥？因为我有事要做，可以吗？
Method for ring crush test of paperboards.	纸板环压的测定法。
Until she met in her office with an old colleague of hers, a man named Martin collier. 	但后来他又和一个老同事马丁·科里尔见面了。 
When I was started there, I was soft in the belly but now my belly is hard. 	当我刚刚开始的时候，我腹部松弛的很现在腹部全是肌肉。 
All cochrane reviews are stored in archie, the cochrane collaboration's online database.	所有的cochrane综述都存在cochrane协作组的网上数据库archie中。
Yeah, he already told me. 	嗯，他其实跟我说了。 
I lost the people I loved most, and I imagine you miss them too, 	我失去了我挚爱的人，我想你一定也很怀念， 
What, are you gonna hire me, sorting avocados?	怎么，你想要雇我，去分拣鳄梨啊？
Sometimes I thind it. S confusing to her when i.m around.	有时候我认为当我在旁边的时候她会很糊涂的。
From preaching the word of God. 	你要阻止他乱说关于上帝的言论。 
You guys do know you don't have to dance during the break, right? 	你们知道休息的时候不用跳舞吧对吗？ 
I thought you said the Pee you gave me was 100% pure. 	我以为你给我的尿样是纯的呢。 
You got your mother's brains.	像你妈一样聪明。
Tell yourself, "I made a mistake but that doesn't make me a bad person."	告诉你自己：“我是犯过错，但是这并不会让我成为一个坏人。”
He walked through the alleys of theatreland and the quiet squares of bloomsbury.	他走过剧院区的小胡同和卢布姆斯伯里区恬静的广。
So, we, um, inevitably, declared a truce, and, um, we ended up driving up to, uh, Fenway. 	所以，我们只能暂时，求同存异，一起开车去芬威公园。 
Is your name Olga? 	你叫奥尔加吗？ 
They don't look that vicious to me.	以我看不太象阿。
You have served this court for almost two lust rums. 	你已经在这个法庭服务将近十年时间了。 
The hospital isolated tim from the other patients because he had h1n1.	医院把提姆和其他病人隔离，因为他得到新流感。
Get your finger out. 	把你手指伸出来。 
Will you see that Benjamin...	你看到吗班杰明...
Ballroom 9 foot high ceilings, blue limestone slate floors, pine plank wall panneling, room divides into 4 rooms, side porchs additional space, outdoor pavillions and Cookout areas. 	舞厅，9英尺高天花板、蓝色石灰石地板，松墙面板，客房风味4个房间，侧面门廊额外空间，室外阁楼和野餐区。 
We're in the atmosphere. Grab that... Keep us level.	我们进入大气层了。抓住那个... 保持平衡。
Although apple has gained tremendous momentum there, the company is currently overlooking a huge chunk of the population: the average consumer in china that doesn't have a huge discretionary income. "	虽然公司在中国已经取得飞速发展，但目前它忽略了一个巨大的群体：没有大笔可自由支配收入的中国普通消费者。
I have sinned in the past, but when I met you, that	我有过罪恶，，但我遇见你后
Okay, you know... I know, it's because of my father, right?	好的，我知道是因为我爸爸，对吗？
You're hired. That's for sure. You're hired.	你被雇用了。我心意已决。你要加入我们。
I curse you, Galen! 	你该死，嘎兰！ 
Responsible for manufacturing license application.	负责制造业许可证的申请。
Someone had to bundle him off the dance floor.	有人把他给撵走。
She's sleeping. Just a little longer. 	她在睡觉，稍等一会吧。 
She lost the baby, though. 	但后来她流产了。 
He pleaded with me... 	他恳求我... 
A few years ago, in our agricultural market near the east gate, it was market day.	前几年,在我们东门的农贸市场里,有一天是街子天.
I need a hug. Give me a hug. 	我要一个拥抱。拥抱我一下。 
She broke his heart?	她伤了他的心？
Las Vegas is to the North, Phoenix to the South, Los Angeles west. 	拉斯维加斯在北边，凤凰城在南边，洛杉机在西边。 
I went to the beach house to tell you that...	刚才我去你家想告诉你......
I was with him when he got down on his knees and prayed. 	他下跪祈祷时我在场 
You were perhaps a bit overly... Enthousiastic. 	你也许是有点过于...... 着急了。 
I know it has to be done. I know there's no other way, but I... 	我知道事情一定得办。我也知道无路可退，但我...... 
I saved someone. Yes.	我救了某个人。- 对了。
Many of these gods controlled natural forces and were associated with astronomical bodies, such as the sun.	很多神有控制自然力量的能力，并且和天文团体有关联，比如，日神。
You'll only ruin it.	你只会毁了它。
Hybrid system is used to characterize systems that combine time-driven and event-driven dynamics.	混合系统模型是利用事件驱动与时间动动态来描述系统的特性。
What are you talking about? This is the perfect environment. 	你说什么呢？这地方再好不过了。 
I know one thing about baseball, it stinks.	对于棒球有一件事我很清楚，很臭。
Everybody who's in this situation feels like it's the end of their life. 	每个身处这种情况的人都觉得末日降临了。 
all right, all right! Okay!	好，好了，好了！
But cut properly, it's quite tasty. I must get the master. 	但如果切得好的话，会很美味。必须把师傅找回来。 
When two dogs try to intimidate each other, they stiffen, growl, bare their teeth and stare intently.	当两只狗试图威吓对方，它们身体僵直、嚎叫、露出牙齿并互看对方。
A real llama.	一头真正的羊驼。
You have no right to tell a woman she can't 	你没权利告诉一个女人 
I prefer the smaller one.	我喜欢较小的那一个。
If you tell me this 	如果你跟我说这个 
You almost had me, lady. 	你几乎耍了我，女士。 
It w0 uid have been better if there never had been a first time.	如果没有那一次的话，也许会好点。
Thousands took to the streets, 	几千人走上了街头， 
Because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing,	因此，狗的七年等于人的一年，
You got some pretty mad skills of your own.	你自己也很牛啊。
Local city fee is 6 EUR per night per person over 10 years old. 	本城市的收费原则是：10岁以上的客人，每人每晚收费6欧元 
I have no regrets I will solely take all responsibility for all consequences	我并不后悔我会独自承担一切后果的
And despite articles about "ghost cities" of empty apartment blocks, the bigger truth is that urban china has a housing shortage--the opposite of what typically happens at the end of a bubble.	尽管文章报道了存在大量空置楼盘的“鬼城”，但更突出的现实是正在城镇化进程中的中国依然房屋供给不足，这与房地产泡沫破裂的典型性表现背道而驰。
Can you tell me something about how he entertains himself?	请跟我讲讲他是怎么娱乐自已的？
Stop. Oh my God! 	别说了- 老天！ 
I just didn't tell you why. 	只是没把原因告诉你。 
For his part, mr maliki got most of his backing from a core constituency in the south and in the shia parts of baghdad.	另一方面，马利基的大部分选票来自南部的票仓，以及巴格达的什叶派地区。
I mentioned you told me a little about your travels. 	我对他们提过你告诉过我你的旅行一些事。 
I went to the school at the bottom of our street.	我在我们那条街尾上的学校上学。
You think we're pulling in to the pebble beach country club? 	你觉得我们就可以在卵石滩乡村俱乐部的拉？ 
In general, these rhythms conform to our 24-hour day and may be reset based upon environmental cues.	一般而言，这样的节律遵从一天24小时的时间，并且因为环境因素的原因还可能被重置。
To be chased by georan, not knowing when l will be killed?	被契丹追杀,都不知道什么时候会被杀?
And she knocked...	她来敲门…
I sort of know your mom. 	我算是认识你妈妈。 
High-speed Internet access, wireless adapters and ethernet cords available upon request 	根据要求提供高速互联网接入、无线适配器和以太网电线。 
What if it's not water? 	如果那不是水呢？ 
Her visits need to be supervised, but you won't even know I'm here.	探视需要监管，当我是空气就好。
Paramedics found him unconscious and bleeding.	急救人员发现他昏迷，大量出血。
we're spineless. - Lily - livered.	我们孬种，- 天生胆小。
But if you're interested in knowing 	不过，如果你很有兴趣想知道 
Cut it out. I'm leaving. 	删了这段。我走了。 
And I think that's a tremendously powerful feeling for us	我觉得这是很震憾的感觉
We love our city in all its aspects.	我们爱我们城市的方方面面。
Bars. I wasn't getting any before.	有信号了。之前一直没有。
Net income declined 98% to nt$ 85 million ($ 2.8 million), well below analyst estimates of nt$ 600 million.	第一季度HTC的净收入为8500万新台币（合280万美元），下降了98%，远远低于分析师预测的6亿新台币。
But I've had a lot of time to think about it. 	但我已经考虑很久了。 
We had such, potential. Such promise.	我们拥有，潜能，前途似锦。
Support for internationalization is very important.	为国际化的支持是非常重要的的。
Specifically, the comparable company analysis used to determine our anticipated offering price range focused more on internet businesses that have similar rates of growth as we do, rather than smaller companies that do not share these characteristics.	具体来说，用于确定预期发行价区间的可比公司分析更侧重于与LinkedIn增速类似的互联网公司，而不是不具备这些特征的规模较小的企业。
How do you mean,'tough" exactly? 	你说的“难熬”是怎么意思？ 
I came by looking for help yesterday, 	我昨天就来求过助， 
I don't care if you were stealing or anything. 	我不管你是在偷东西还是干嘛？ 
If any destructive energy touches our vessel,	一旦有毁灭性能量接触舰体，
I rang the police, the hospitals... 	我呜响了警察，医院... 
What plant cell type shown has the potential to give rise to all the other cells in the section?	切片中的哪种细胞型具有衍生成其他细胞型之潜力？
There were bars on the windows. Yes.	窗户上也有栏杆。嗯。
Any update on the mole 	找到内奸了吗 
Brandenburg's back in the lead in the race for the world championship. 	布兰登勃格又一次夺冠。 
Dude,you 're,like,covered in paint.	伙计，你怎么全身都是漆。
Some of your boys have had to fly hundreds of hours over the sea from an improvised airfield in quests often disappointingly fruitless, of enemy submarines.	贵国若干壮士，必须用临时赶筑之机场，飞行海面，经数百小时之久，以搜寻敌方之潜艇。
I overheard you, Merlin. 	昨晚我听到了梅林。 
Working will keep you... 	有点事做总比游手好闲好得多…… 
The Sturgis&reg; Motorcycle Rally in Sturgis, South Dakota brings in bikers from around the country. 	在南达科塔州斯特吉斯市的摩托车集会上聚集了来自全国各地的摩托车手。 
There are common traits among the winners, however, and aspiring entrepreneurs should always try to learn from existing models of success.	但成功者一定都有共同的特质，胸怀大志的创业者也应努力学习现成的成功模式。
I am your only shot, and you have to take me. 	我是你们唯一的选择，你们只能选我。 
Find out who really took the stargate and get it back... 	找出到底是谁偷走了星门然后拿回来... 
He didn't even blink at those photos.	他看照片的时候，眼睛都没眨一下。
All you who put your hope in the lord be strong and brave.	凡仰望耶和华的人，你们都要壮肚，坚固你们的心。
I really think you guys will click.	我觉得你们肯定会同意的。
We're not their executioners, either. 	但我们也不是他们的刽子手。 
You tell us what to do, and we'll get it done.	你告诉我们怎么做，我们就怎么做。
That's not true.you only finished film school.	不对，你仅仅从电影学院毕业.
I'll take four. You go upstairs. 	四楼我来你查上面。 
But this time, I don't have a huge cock.	但这次，我并没有一个硕大的阳具。
Gucoff here. Hey, bill. 	我是古科夫。嗨，比尔。 
I'm not grinding on him. 	我也没把他拱来拱去。 
The little dough man runs away!	橡皮泥小人跑走了！
When he had finished the letter to m. laffitte, he put it into his pocket, together with the pocket-book, and began his walk once more.	他写完了给拉菲特先生的那封信以后，便把信和那皮夹一同插在衣袋里，又开始走起来。
Or you'll tidy yourself out of a marriage.	否则你就把自己的婚姻生活给拾掇掉了。
Because we got that write up a gallery in la read it and	因为我们被报道了一个洛杉矶的画廊看见报道
Softwood is the wood from an evergreen or coniferous ( cone-bearing) tree.	软木是取自常绿树种或松类树种的一种木才。
The evidence for the company being back, in terms of its fundamental performance, is four months of positive same-store sales during the most favorable weather the restaurant industry has seen in years.	另外，从公司的基本表现来看，所谓公司东山再起的证据，是指同店销售连续四个月出现正向增长，而实际上，当时恰逢餐饮业最火爆的时节。
Followed by sibu, pay attention to nutritional balance, balance endocrine.	其次是食补，留意营养平衡，平衡内分泌。
don't trust him; he's a snitch for the brass.	别相信他；他是局长的探子。
Sometimes you just need to trust a person. 	有时候你只管去相信一个人。 
Agriculture will be dominated by weather patterns.	农产品将主要受到天气状况的影响。
But by the time this journey is over,	但是旅行结束时，
Should have a certain influence, cohesion, and extensive knowledge structure, with good psychological quality, full of self-confidence, setting an example, win people by virtue, people-oriented, know the human to make good use of, good management, good innovation, and good communication.	应具有一定的影响力、凝聚力，具有广博的知识结构，具有良好的心理素质、充满自信心，率先垂范，以德服人，以人为本，知人善用，善于管理、善于创新，善于沟通、善于交流。
But it's upside - down. 	但你拿反了。 
With the help of the police, we will solve this incident at the earliest date possible	在警方的协助下，我们将会尽快解决这次事故。
And she's out of mine for good, 	她离开我这里，去过新生活了， 
This unusual performance includes much singing, frequent samples of gullah as used in the marketplace or between women gossiping.	这独特的表演节目大部分是歌唱，还不时穿插市集上以及妇女闲聊时所用的道地的格勒语。
Foreign processing and assembling service co. conghua g.d.	从化市对外加工装配服务公司。
Please tell me this is going in your downstairs bathroom. 	拜托告诉我这要摆在楼下的浴室。 
I wanted to... - it’s okay.	我想…- 没事。
There are several varieties, the most widely used being the french bean, is also known as common or kidney bean.	有几个品种,其中最被广泛使用的法国豆,又被称为常见或菜豆。
Hydroelectric power plants of today generate a lot more electricity.	现在的水力发电厂则能够产生更多的电力。
And a good father, and I 'd - I'd like for people to know that.	一位好父亲，我想让人们知道这点。
Just in case, go strapped. 	别带钱，以防万一。 
Trying to keep up with a technology that will never pan out.	对永远无法实现的技术的无尽追赶中。
I did an urban counter surveillance course at Quantico. 	我在匡堤科学了城市反监视课程。 
Well, I'm sorry to disappoint his honor,	好吧，我很抱歉让他阁下失望了，
I have no fricking idea. 	我他妈的哪知道。 
Why am I a girl? 	我为什么是个女孩？ 
Shapes and sizes	形状和大小的玉器
The senior guy here, 	他水平比你高， 
To minimize disturbance, 	为了将打扰降至最小 
And that warm feeling you experienced,	当男孩满怀信任的看着你，
You can see that it follows in the line of other sacro - idyllic landscapes that we've seen. 	它与我们之前看到过的田园风景几乎如出一辙。 
You discovered it at a flea market. 	你在廉价市场淘到的。 
If you like them so much, go work there. 	如果你喜欢他们，去那里工作。 
Just admit that you had us for the welfare money.	承认吧，承认你生我们是为了得到社会福利。
Labor dispatching relationship is a special relationship involving two employer governing and supervising one employee.	劳务派遣关系是一种特殊的雇佣劳动关系，涉及两个雇主对一个雇员的支配、管理。
Alongside watched small dinosaurs back value adjustments very lovable.	在旁边看着小恐倒算很可爱的。
His father beat the hell out of him over that wine. 	他爸为这事把他打惨了。 
Adjoining rooms available 1 Queen Handicap Suite with connecting door to Double Queen 	相邻房提供一个无障碍大床套房，配有通往双人床的房门 
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Franklin Square Inn Troy/Albany offers comfort and convenience within a short distance of all the major Albany, NY attractions. 	贝斯特韦斯特普拉斯富兰克林广场酒店特洛伊/奥尔巴尼交通便利，离纽约州奥尔巴尼所有的景点都很近。 
I'll lose if I keep on like this	我看这样打下去，我会轮啊
When I went to sell the watches... 	当我去卖掉那些表时... 
It charges customers 1.9 per cent to take part in a layaway-type system for items that include flat-screen televisions and refrigerators.	对于参与分期预付式系统购买纯平电视和电冰箱等商品的顾客，该公司会收取1.9%的手续费。
Of course she'd always come back. - she was gonna quit? 	当然她总会回来。- 她想过退出？ 
Well, Sheila, dear, if it's not St. James church, then it's gonna be - 	喔，亲爱的，希拉，如果不在圣•詹姆士教堂的话，可以在- 
They make no sense, but they make me a ton of money, so cut me some slack. 	完全没逻辑可言，但赚钱不少，你就放我一马吧。 
I do not think so. I do not think so.	我认为不是这样，我不这样认为。
Global small hydro power market analysis to 2020-installed capacity, generation, investment trends and regional analysis.	2020年止全球小型水力发电市场分析：装置容量、发电、投资趋势、地区别分析。
One $25 Gift Card 	提供一张价值 $25美元的购物卡 
An efficient bankruptcy process is an essential part of capitalism red in tooth and claw.	一个有效率的破产程序是红牙红爪资本主义的重要组成部分。
I feel like I'm caught between a rock and a hard place.	我觉得我可是在夹缝中生存。
Y ou don't know who I am. 	你并不知道我是谁。 
I think the wolf is out there. - It’s all right, darling. We're safe in here.	我想狼人可能就在外面。- 没事的，亲爱的。我们在这里很安全。
My God! He's having a heart attack! What should I do? 	天啊！他心脏病发作了！怎么办？ 
You don't want to come home.	你不想回家。
I've spent most of my career looking up to you, 	我从军多年一直以您为榜样， 
On a cruise there is time to go sightseeing in some ports.	乘邮轮时在某些港口有时间上岸观光。
Wait. The lack of heartbeat means he's dead in the first place	等等，本来就没有心跳是死的了
Humans are the cruelest animals.	人类是最残酷的动物。
Three reasons for using data structures are efficiency, abstraction, and reusability.	高效率、抽象化以及可重用性是这种数据库结构被广广泛使用的三个原因。
We pushed 10 of morphine. He shouldn't be in this much pain.	我们已经推注10单位吗啡了。按理说他应该没这么疼了。
No women, to be exact. 	准确的说，没有女人。 
I looked at the perimeters you gave me.	我看了你给我的范围。
L dropped them. How's that figure with the accident? 	我把它们弄丢了。这和那事故有什么关系？ 
To get your father out of the way so... 	他是想除掉你爸爸，好... 
Man down! - Missed that, 25.	弟兄受伤！没听到。
I'm gonna take this under submission. 	我将根据这个办。 
I've been in here without it for almost a week 	我在这一个星期都没吸了了 
Not the murder weapon?!	不会连凶器上的都是吧！
It's part of creation.	关于创世的讲述。
Treatment of 60 cases of trigeminal neuralgia by moxibustion.	艾灸治疗原发性三叉神经痛60例。
All I'm saying is why don't you read something worthwhile?	我就想说你敢不敢读点有意义的东西?
They also show more positive emotions in general.	研究也显示，指数高的人大体上情绪更乐观。
Yeah, I know, we just saw him. 	是的，我知道，我刚看见他了。 
To the growing crowd of china bears, that means doubling up on an already wayward bet.	对越来越多看跌中国的人士来说，这意味着对一个本来就悬乎的押注增加一倍赌注。
Hey, monkey. Are you okay? 	嘿，小猴子。你还好吗？ 
Lauren, meet Daniel. He's here for the week. 	劳伦，见过丹尼尔。他要在这儿呆一周。 
I was hoping I could convince you 	我原希望能说服你 
dry up, you cub.	闭嘴，没规矩。
For women who can't give birth naturally.	为先天不能生育的女人们造福。
That glorious stench? Chanel dumpster no. 5.	一股恶臭？恶心的香奈儿5号香水味。
Families with children will especially enjoy visiting York's Wild Kingdom Zoo, located a few minutes down the road. 	有孩子的家庭将特别喜欢参观约克的野生王国动物园，从我们酒店出发，沿着这条路几分钟就可到达。 
Somewhere in a furnished room...	在某个房间。。。
I know, I'm the one who broke it. 	我知道，我就是始作俑者。 
Because they asked me, 	是孩子们问的嘛， 
But here, you get the needle for killing cops. 	但在这儿杀警察要付出大代价。 
Oil supplies from rebel-held areas should be exempted, while payments for libyan oil should be placed into a un escrow account, and distributed for humanitarian purposes.	来自叛军占领区的石油供给应得到豁免，而对利比亚石油的付款应存入联合国的一个托管账户，并用于人道主义事业。
Okay, you're gonna get a copy of the report 	上头看了报告之后 
that is Tyler's 13th tackle tonight: he is totally in the zone:	刚才是泰勒今晚的第13次擒抱阻截：他现在是状态大好火力全开
You knew my mom? 	你认识我妈？ 
Sinochem is relatively new to china's overseas oil rush.	相对而言，中化集团是中国海外寻油热潮中的新面孔。
He was only 17. 	当时他只有十七岁。 
Pharmacological study of jianwei oral liquid for the treatment of peptic ulcer.	健胃口服液抗消化性溃疡的药理研究。
Freshen things up a bit. 	注入些新鲜血液。 
Always on the outside looking in,	总是站在外面往屋里看，
Ms. Helga Schmidt 	Helga Schmidt女士 
You were on the ferry, weren't you...	你当时在船上，是吗...
For astronomers, close binary star system bd+ 20 307 originally stood out because it is extremely dusty.	对于天文学家来说，密近双星系bd+20307最初是以其尘土飞扬脱颖而出的。
That I was losing my mind.	你一直都在研究这个，
Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! 	噢，嘿，我知道该如何决定了！ 
Because nutrition. 	因为养料。 
The way the wormhole arced to send the two of you to the other gate.	这个方法把你们两个都送到星际之门去。
Forget it, I'm too tired	算了，我太累了
I don't know. I'm dizzy.	我不知道。我头晕。
While we were in the Bois Jacques... 	当我们在波扎克时… 
Tone, come on, you can't do this in front of everybody! 	托尼，拜托，你不要在大家面前这么做！ 
If you can spare the time from bullying your children.	现在你有时间避免，恐吓你的孩子。
She shouldn't be pregnant from me.	她不应该怀了我的孩子。
Even the dowager had not been as incompetent.	西太后本人当时并非是无能为力的。
The child - like face, the innocent persona... Even the smell.	孩子脸，天真的性格… 即使这个气味。
You promise? Yes. Yes, absolutely, I promise.	你发誓？是的，确实，我发誓。
Why? Because no one would ever want it? 	为什么？因为没人想要么？ 
Because you have opened up your past.	你开始回想过去。
Uh, we actually have an errand that we need to run at some point.	呃，实际上我们还有些事要做。
But you know what concerned me? 	但你知道我关心的是什么吗？ 
Yes, he'll have a number of them where the car struck him. 	是的，在车撞到的部位会有一些。 
What's her home address?	她住在哪？
The heap of what? - I know they give out 50 a year, 	什么佼佼者？- 我知道他们每年颁发50个奖项， 
Where the fuck are the Romans? 	他妈的罗马人哪去了？ 
They even suspect us and want our explanation.	他们甚至产生了怀疑，要我们解释。
Go to bed, ally. Read me another story. 	回去睡觉，艾丽再给我讲个故事吧。 
Then we'd have some ideas of what you'll need.	那么我们就会心中有点儿数，知道你们需要什么了.
And at night, I'll be back here with you. 	到了晚上，我就回这儿来陪你。 
Where's the problem? 	哪儿出了问题？ 
When the children are in danger.	在孩子处于危险中的时候。
Head south toward Hailai. 	向南朝 Hailai 行驶。 
There is an opposite and equal reaction.	有作用力必有反作用力。
No! I had to give you a horn they could see!	不！我给了你一个他们可以看见的角！
My expert knowledge, vast experience, skill with languages. 	我专业的知识，丰富的经验，还有语言的天赋。 
Why are we stopping here? I live here. 	干吗停在这？这是我住的地方。 
You got any idea where the junction box is?	你知不知道电闸箱子在哪儿？
So have one beer. Jimmy.	一瓶啤酒。吉姆。
As to say such a thing.	竟会说出这样的话。
Not a big fan of nature, huh	你不是一个狂热的大自然爱好者吗，哼
I wasn't allowed a phone call and all visitors were refused access.	我们不允许通电话，所有的探监一概拒绝。
I didn't even talk to her.	我根本没和她谈过。
I don't see much difference between Pierce's religion 	我可没看出皮尔斯的宗教信仰 
She had a pretty girl scream. 	她就像漂亮女孩那样尖叫。 
When I texted you? It was just drinks.	当我发你短信时？只是喝一杯而已。
In case I short - circuited my brain and became a moron.	以免脑子短路，从此变成一个傻瓜。
And weaken that stalk to the point where the top of the corn stalk is now dying. 	所过之处玉米秆变弱，上部死去。 
Mr. mladic is also accused of ordering or carrying out war crimes during the three years in which sarajevo was surrounded and attacked.	穆拉迪奇还被指控在萨拉热窝被包围和受攻击的3年里下令或进行战争的罪行。
What's going on? I was calling your name.	怎么了？我一直在喊你。
Why have you hidden it from me? 	为什么不和我说？ 
Tastes of the Mediterranean. 	地中海美味。 
I've been asking you to call me Nick. 	我喜欢你叫我尼克。 
A range of surveillance methods were used: public and private cctv cameras, cell phone cameras, eye witnesses.	一系列监控手段同时上阵，包括：公共和私人闭路电视摄像头、手机摄像头和目击证人等等。
I want to leave the company because I don't get along with mr. shute.	因为我和舒特先生相处不好，我想离开公司。
Uh, no offense, buddy, but, uh, we got a thing. 	无意冒犯，哥们，但我们赶时间。 
Kevin, the state of California is not going to turn you down. 	凯文加州政府不会拒绝你的。 
No, not my arm!	不，不是我的胳膊！
Where can I reach you?	我去哪找你？
You compile and run such programs in one shot with the scala command.	你可以用scala命令一次性编译和运行这些程序。
Probably used it	很可能是用它来
He puts them in a room with gallons of coffee and lets them bounce ideas around.	他将这些人集中在一个备有很多咖啡房间里，并让他们交流想法和点子。
Apparently he came home, told her he was having an affair, and she freaked. 	他回家，交代了自己有外遇，她就抓狂了。 
It's given him an awareness, now he's playing on his own	给了他自我意识，现在他是以自己的意志存在于游戏中
If anyone tries not to obey 	如果有人想要违抗 
cause I knew you'd react like this.	因为我知道你会这样。
In the open summer waters they can reach huge areas of the ocean floor,	在夏天流动的海水中它们能够到达面积广阔的海底，
You really can't swim at all? No, I can't.	你真的不会游泳？不，真的不会。
Now they can't agree,	现在他们不得不承认
Get the car ready.	准备好车。
I don't know if I have it in me to say good - bye to him.	我不知道自己能不能和他道别。
Just, um, uh... Give him an aspirin. 	快呃... 给他一片阿司匹林。 
There are legions of equally faceless sub-contractors, who are collectively responsible for much of the astonishing growth in chinese exports.	中国有大批默默无闻的次级承包商，就是这些人为中国惊人的出口增长提供原动力。
Just for that, I won't go 	就为这，我不想去了 
Perhaps some caviare can tempt your jaded palate.	一些鱼子酱也许可以引起你吃腻了的食欲。
But, Lewis... Off to bed with you. 	但是，刘易斯... 回去睡觉吧。 
Computer aided group technology and process planning.	计算机辅助成组技术与工艺过程设计。
Not everybody.	不是大家。
It's on a mission to kill me. Maybe it can't stop until it does. 	它抱着杀死我的任务来的。也许我不死它就停不下来。 
And I also don't want to end up by being executed	是呀，我也不要像大富豪那样挨靶子
Who's little dragon girl? 	哪个小龙女？ 
In ''skateboarding 234" we built a ramp that teaches us about engineering... 	在" 滑板234 " 课上我们通过建一个斜坡来学习工程学... 
This would let him push through more changes to bolivia's constitution.	这样一来将让他推出更多的玻利维亚宪法修正案。
It might take weeks, even months to find a patsy for him. 	找人顶罪得花上几周，甚至几个月。 
To spending time with your son... 	多和你的儿子玩玩… 
Wow, it must be really well cordoned - off over there. 	喔，它肯定被禁止线保护得好好的。 
Think I'll give him a ring.	我想可以给他打个电话。
I'm some kind of pervert... 	我就是色狼... 
Sure. You mind me asking what you're testing me for?	当然。介意我问问测来做什么不？
How's your smeIIing ?- my schnoz ain't too good. 	你嗅觉怎么样？- 不太好。 
Three doctors and a nurse before he escaped. 	三名医生和一名护士然后逃走了。 
It's just desserts. 	只不过是甜点。 
When I walked to the rear edge of the cemetery, an unusual sight caught my eye-a tomb that was twice as large as any of the others.	我信步走到古墓的最后方，不寻常的一幕场景映入眼帘有一座坟的大小是其它坟的两倍那么大。
You're not coming, are you? I just got put on a priority case.	你不会来了，是吧？我刚刚加入了一个特案组。
If you'd have seen it five minutes ago, Iove, 	如果你五分钟之前看到的话宝贝儿， 
Like... Soldiers but not. 	当兵的又像又不像。 
If you, at the end of the semester, 	如果你在这个学期末， 
It's two storied, Corinthian order on both stories, tall podium. 	它是两层的，科林斯式样应用于上下两层，还有一个高台。 
No food, no shelter. We are seeking refugee asylum in taiwan.	没有食物，没有蔽居处。我们在台湾寻求难民庇护所。
I'm sorry your wife is gay. 	很遗憾你老婆是同志。 
They. My entire family lives in Ireland.	他们我的所有家人都住在爱尔兰。
Mick had an airtight alibi.	米克有确凿的不在场证据。
The surplus of old hotels in these faded towns has created a large supply of bed-and-breakfasts, which double up as emergency social housing and homeless hostels.	这些衰败城镇中过剩的老旧旅馆滋生了大量提供早餐的客栈，将社会紧急住房和无家可归招待所翻倍增长。
I have a child! Monsieur! 	我有孩子要养！先生！ 
Medical history and physical examination worksheet.	医学病史和身体检查表。
When was the last time you saw blake?	你最后一次见blake是什么时候？
Got your seat belt on there? Seat belt? 	安全带系好哦？ 
Even a real criminal has a right to one phone call. 	即便一个真正的罪犯也有权打个电话。 
And in a coma fnrfor the honeymoon,	在度蜜月时昏迷了，
We regularly appear in the top 20 subjects. 	我们定期涉及排名前20的主题。 
But you've seen all of me. 	但你可把我看了个遍。 
Wanting approval? Yes. Ha, ha. 	像是在等待你的赞同？没错。哈，哈。 
At the same time, says giddens, globalization creates new possibilities and motivations for local cultural autonomy and identities.	同时，吉登斯也说，全球化给本土的文化自治和身份带来的新的机会和动力。
When she runs towards the ball 	注意看她带球的动作  
And all you wanna do is get the person emotionally invested in the story.	你想做的是让人们对故事感兴趣。
I was referring to your unique leverage with your friendship.	我指的是你的专属筹码你俩的友谊。
Microtel inn and suites sainte genevieve.	位于圣吉纳维芙的酒店。
But I'm gonna be damn sure before I send him there. 	但我在这么做之前必须完全确定才行。 
Honey, this is a great place. 	宝贝，这地方棒极了。 
It's injected into the affected areas.	往癌变部位注射药剂。
Thirteen years ago, mister newmark created an internet message service for the investment company where he worked.	13年前，纽马克先生为他供职的投资公司研制了一种因特网信息服务软件。
I'll tell you one thing - what? 	我要告诉你一件事情- 什么事情？ 
Thomas: not really. It's more like borrowing. Other people put the files on the internet. Ellen and I will just "borrow" the files.	汤玛斯：那可不尽然。我这比较像是借。人家把档案放到网络上，爱伦和我只不过是“借用”这些档案罢了。
Unless you find what you're looking for,	你得找到宝藏，
That was pretty cool, the way you filled in the story there. 	你讲的那故事还挺不赖的。 
Well, the ex-boyfriend teaches at the school, 	嗯，我前男友是在学校教书的， 
This week, lord carlile, the government's independent reviewer of anti-terror laws, added his name to the campaign in a personal capacity, highlighting mckinnon's medical condition, which was only recently diagnosed.	这个星期，卡莱尔勋爵，英国政府的独立安全顾问，宣布以个人名义加入这场纠纷，并将重点放在了麦金农的身体状况上，因为其爱斯伯格症是最近才确诊的。
I haven't told my parents or friends because I'm worried that they'll judge me. Should I tell him or would that spoil things?	我从未对我父母或朋友说起过这件事，因为我怕他们会对我说三道四。
Does it matter much that they will not come tomorrow?	他们亮天不来很要紧吗？
We better find.	我们最好能找到。
I need two large - bore I.V.S and an L. R. Wide open. 	我要两支大口径静脉注射管乳酸林格液伤口敞开了。 
We just want to ask you 	我们只想问你几个问题 
Or everyone will know you turned it on	可能每个人都会知道你开启了它，
And if you stand there 	如果你只是 
Is there an issue, your honor?	有什么问题吗，法官大人？
Lady, my mother was shot in broad daylight.	女士，我的母亲在光天化日下被枪杀。
Nothing of yours leaves this house...	你一根毛都别想带出这房子…
Hello, Roland? 	喂，罗兰？ 
I don't have hot dogs. 	我没热狗唉。 
Not at all, apparently. 	很显然，一点也不了解。 
Even you could have said that you love me. 	你就不能说你爱我。 
Yeah. And to think we now know 137 different ways to kill people. 	是的。我们现在掌握了137种不同的杀人方法。 
I know it's not personal. 	我知道你不是因为我的原因才不回来的。 
We have laws.	我们是有法规的。
She worked for the district attorney's office,	她为地方检察官办公室工作，
Wait. One, two.	等等，一二。
I've had enough of danger	为行走能力定个价我在危险中受够了
I'll make up the couch for you. You must be beat, too. 	我给你整理一下沙发，你一定也很累了。 
But I have been through this before. 	但是我之前经历了这些。 
I'm meeting folks all over the country.	我在全国各地都遇到了这样的人。
Hocc sang three songs at the concert in remembrance of her mentor.	何韵诗前晚出席纪念会演唱三*歌，纪念恩师。
You're a lawyer now. That's how you greet people? 	你已经是律师了。该怎样打招呼？ 
Fabio fobia What a name! 	法比奥法奥比亚 好名字！ 
Looking for work at the canneries, l saw them, 	在罐头厂找工作的时候，我看到了他们， 
What you have against your mother and me and Paul is beyond me.	我不懂你为何要反抗你妈跟我还有保罗。
I'll give you a packet first 	我先给你一包提提神 
No single theory will explain the whole correlation.	也没有一个单独的理论来解释其整体相关性。
You killed your cat, Barbara. What? 	你害死猫咪了，芭芭拉？ 
Yeah, wishing gunshot wounds... 	是啊，真希望枪伤... 
Oh, boy. And.... 	哦，可怜的达尔文。然后... 
If you had to venture a guess, in order to help me... 	如果为了帮我你不得不冒险地猜一下的话... 
I was the all-american kid, or so I told myself good grades, never in trouble, bright future, well-respected by my peers.	那时我是一个模范美国小孩，或者说我自认为是个模范学习成绩好，从不招惹是非，前途一片光明，受到同伴的尊重。
That's why I want to work on the dossier. 	所以我才要研究一下卷宗材料。 
don't be wasting my time. 	别在这儿浪费我的时间。 
Give me the keys to the handcuffs	把手铐的钥匙给我
If I have to get ugly, you have to let me. 	如果我不得不干些脏活，你不能拦着我 
I should probably come and get them myself.	或许我该亲自过去将它们取走。
Article 27.any oil tanker with a gross tonnage of 150 tons or more or any other vessel with a gross tonnage of 400 tons or more shall be fitted with appropriate anti-pollution equipment and facilities.	第二十七条150总吨以上的油轮和400总吨以上的非油轮，应当设有相应的防污设备和器材。
To lose again?	再次失去吗？
Why do you keep on bothering me? 	你们为什么总要烦我啊？ 
Why don't I come in? I'll sit for a little while. No. 	为什么我不进去玩玩呢？我就坐一小会。不行。 
Although don't try getting ITV, 	不过，别去用它， 
Night of the Lepus. 	午夜天煞兔子星。 
Which is more than 2,000 years old.	已经有两千多年之久。
Yeah, these are fine. Fresh. 	不错。品质优良很新鲜。 
We'll get you some...	我可以给你一点…
Last month footage surfaced of a public trial at a stadium in sinuiju a town on the chinese border.	上个月流出了在中朝边境城市新义州（sinuiju）的一座体育馆里举行的公审大会的视频。
Yes! Did you see that?! 	是的！你看到了吗？！ 
Makes you think I’m capable of something like that?	有什么让你相信我能做那样的事？
Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this? 	为什么你总是这样不知羞耻的浪费我的时间？ 
Come on. Get this guy out of here. 	快点。把这家伙弄出去。 
Get him out.	把他押走。
Yeah. Lunch does sound good.	好。那就去吃饭吧。
Oh my God, we're heading right for it. 	哦天啊，我们正冲着它飞过去。 
Think this through, kid. 	好好想想，孩子。 
If you start to see me heading the wrong way - 	如果你看到我走错路了- 
Looks like she overplayed her hand. 	太高估自己了。 
The victim was in a car. Passenger seat. 	受害者在车里。副驾驶位置。 
I know that's what you say to people when you don't want to tell them the truth. 	我知道你们对不愿透露实情的人们说什么。 
Let's check it out, Sam. Come on. 	我们去看看，山姆。 
But why do you need chef?! 	但是和大厨有什么关系？ 
Okay, let's see what the dead guy was carrying.	好的，让我们看看那个死去家伙的信息。
Danny, which one do you like better? 	丹尼，你喜欢哪个？ 
Fine. I could use the rest. 	很好。这样我也省心多了。 
With a platinum - selling album and a sold - out headline concert tour.	唱片获得白金销量演唱会的票也被抢购一空。
To make the world brighter 	为了让世界变亮点 
And I know I can't just vanish for two days without hurting you all. 	我消失了两天肯定伤到了你。 
I almost forgot. Johanna is starting to think something's going on. 	我差点忘了，乔安娜已经有所察觉了。 
You did a rare thing.	你的英勇行为实属罕见。
No, you can't be. I pulled out.	不，不可能。我拔出来了。
So please, sit on top.	因此请，汇报结果。
Just sit there and look pretty, and we'll be together forever.	就坐这里平静点，我们就可以永远在一起。
Our question might get answered.what question?	我们的问题有解了-什么问题?
Did you see anyone leave the van?	你看到有人从货车里出来吗？
Do you blame him? - No, but...	你在责怪他吗？- 不但。
Four months after I moved in, cops picked me up for tagging. 	我搬去的第四个月，被警察起诉了。 
N. G. Not a match.	否。不匹配。
Many of them-including richard perle, who is widely known as the prince of darkness, and david frum, the man who co-coined the phrase "axis of evil"-are safely on board the starship american enterprise institute.	他们当中有许多人包括广为人知的“黑暗王子”理查德-派瑞（richard perle）和“邪恶轴心”说法的构造者之一david frum仍在美国企业研究所（american enterprise institute）不受烦扰。
breakfast.Free Internet & Parking. 	提供早餐。提供免费互联网和停车场。 
I know you haven't had a chance to read the bylaws yet... 	我知道你们还没来得及看看那些规定...... 
In a recognized religion are differed from military service.	一旦宣誓归依有悖服役的宗教。
Bloody glass. 	带血的碎玻璃。 
I'm going blind, 	我就要瞎了， 
I don't know why you're only worried about him.	我不明白为什么你只担心他。
My heart longs for water because of your..	我的渴望只因你那。
my dad used to squirt them with lighter fluid and torch them.	以前我父亲通常用打火机油喷然后折磨它们。
15.00 mile(s) from Lewiston 	距基奈市 15.00 英里 
Okay tell me one thing, how do our tears taste.	好告诉我眼泪是什么味道。
they bumped me till tomorrow, which is fine by me.	他们把我延后到明天我觉得没事。
She made it, I made it, 	是她做的是，我做的， 
Sylvio's a baby.	索维欧跟小孩似的。
All right. Well, I just wanted to warn you. The cops were in here a couple minutes ago.	好吧。只是想提醒你警察几分钟前来过。
Where are you, where are you come on. 	究竟在哪儿，在哪里？！快给我出来。 
Just like nobody needs to date a woman half their age. 	就像没人需要找个比自己年轻一倍的女人。 
I acted like a jackass up there.	我那会儿表现得就像个混球。
You can't just lay this on me and expect me to...	你不能就这么告诉我然后就指望我…。
I would like to propose that next time when we go to rob Mick Jagger,	我提议呢下次我们去抢劫米克。雅格的时候，
According to interpretations of the previous law, property was divided down the middle in divorce cases.	根据老婚姻法的解释，在离婚案件中财产一分为二。
Yeah, I do! - you sure?	当然想！你确定？
Take it away.	把它弄好。
Syria's deputy oil minister resigned and joined the rebel opposition.	叙利亚石油部副部长阿卜杜胡萨米尔丁辞职并加入反对派阵营。
And I discuss around the dinner table, and I. 	在饭桌上通常不谈这些，而且我。 
If I'd known he was so beastly, I would have brought the children. 	如果我早知道他这么肮脏的话，我会把我的孩子带来了。 
Do you know if the two of them ever spoke?	你知不知道他们是否谈过？
Both consumers and businesses will benefit from rules designed to tamp down abusive practices.	消费者和公司均将从旨在打压滥用行为的规定中受益。
Uh, I closed a lot of key deals on that golf course 	我在高尔夫球场上可谈成了很多买卖 
And it's not my fault he liked my death scene. 	他喜欢我的垂死一幕又不是我的错。 
Local or regional droughts occur almost every year while tropical cyclones seven times a year on average batter the east coast.	局地性或区域性干旱灾害几乎每年都会出现，东部沿海地区平均每年约有7个热带气旋登陆。
Sure. What is it?	当然是什么？
During a cio management meeting late last year that included ms. drew, mr. macris and mr. weiland, the group discussed the size of the credit positions.	在去年年末的一次cio管理会议上，该部门讨论了这些信用头寸的规模。
Prepare for the attack!	准备好攻击！
You think you gonna get your cut? 	你觉得你可以拿到你的分红？ 
Once you get to this point, my job is done.	一旦你到这个点,我的任务就算完成了。
Would you something from me? 	找我有什么事？ 
And she wants to talk to me in the next couple of hours. 	她想在几个小时以后见我。 
Other pet types (Cats, Birds, etc.) are allowed at the discretion of the property. 	经酒店同意后可携带其它宠物类型（猫、鸟等）。 
He missed his chances to crush Lee at Gettysburg.	他错过了在盖第斯堡撞死阿李的机会。
I heard you were some kind of tough guy. 	我听说你是条汉子。 
A minivan versus... I don't know what, 	一辆小货车和....我也不知道是什么， 
Was due to mechanical failure?	被归因于机械事故？
The harbor, once fortified with a wall and two gates, is now an easy - going marina.	一条堤坝和两个闸门一次构筑的海港，现在是个游船码头。
I'm eating chocolate, 	我吃巧克力， 
Hey, that whale talked to me too. 	嘿，那鲸鱼也和我说过话。 
No. - if people knew you created Bitcoin,	不是。- 如果人们知道是你创造了比特币，
When the experiment began, in the year 2000, 	实验开始时，2000年， 
Armageddon's minutes away. 	世界末日的时间到了。 
Stand in front of the piano	站在钢琴前
Puma to base, we "re in place, nothing doing, 	布玛呼叫基地，我们到了表面看，没什么， 
How about my waistcoat? Good girl.	我的背心呢？好女孩。
Let's get in the boat, shall we?	我真高兴你赶上来快上船吧！
Tomorrow? It's March 1st.	明天？3月1日。
Well, gee, I saw you go by...	好吧，上天，我看见你经过…
Some of the players may, on occasion, break the rules and be penalized.	这些球员中有些偶尔可能会违规而受罚。
The list of those who have gone missing includes 99 violent criminals, 26 sex offenders, and 72 robbers.	这份搜捕名单上有99名暴力犯罪分子，26名性犯罪者，以及72名抢劫犯。
The news agency said there were makeshift shelters and tents on streets and fields, as survivors feared aftershocks.	路透社报导称，由于幸存者担心会发生余震，人们在街上和开阔地搭起了临时住所和帐篷。
You know what I tried the other day? Sitting down to pee. 	你们知道有天我试着干了什么吗坐着小便。 
Moist your fingers more!	再把手弄湿点！
Yes. Thank goodness, huh? 	是啊。谢天谢地，是吧？ 
I know a conspiracy when I desperately try to avoid seeing one.	我无意中知道一个阴谋想避都避不到。
What ideals are missing-absent, bankrupt, stolen-from your economy, industry, or market?	又有哪些理想是你所在的经济体、行业或市场所缺乏的呢？
Rivers that you can't hardly see across.	波涛汹涌的河流。
So you should know, sometimes, 	所以你要知道，有时， 
Deal? Yeah. 	协议达成吗？嗯。 
See each other every day.	每天都看到对方。
Eight rolls two copies case is hot put a rush on it 	拍摄了八份胶卷，做了两份报告案子很急得快点行动 
With those oils, she saved many people from evil. 	她用这些药油，从恶魔手中解救了许多人。 
Scene is hollow it is you want a thing that oneself are lothario to treat as!	色是空就是你要把自己是色狼的事当做没有！
They have won over 100 rosettes together in dressage competitions up and down Britain.	他们已经在英国各地的花式骑术比赛中赢得了100多枚玫瑰花形奖章。
The cheque better will good, boy. 	你这支票最好好使。 
We, hit up the polo lounge 	我们去马可波罗酒廊 
Isn't this about the time we were going to sing?	我们是不是该到唱歌的时间了？
I was on my way to go see him. You wanna roll with me? 	我就要去他那。你愿意和我一起去吗？ 
I called to confirm the interview this morning. 	今天早上我还打电话确认过。 
You have something that I want. 	你手里有我想要的东西。 
I really don't feel I have competition.	我真的不觉得有竞赛可言。
More of robert kincaid, writer-photographer, that's what she wanted.	再多了解一些罗伯特。金凯，这位摄影家--作家，这就是她想要的。
We've had no contact with them so far.	我们还没和歹徒取得联系。
5 And again he went out about the sixth and the ninth hour and did likewise.	太二十5约在正午和午后三时，他再出去，也是这样行。
One of the richest and most influential in Miami. 	是迈阿密最有钱最有影响的人之一。 
Sounding this guy out. 	打探出这个家伙来。 
Uh, you should probably go after her. 	你还是去追她吧。 
I'm not drunk. I'm telling you for the last time... 	我没喝醉。我最后一次告诉你... 
Of course I did great work on the box trick.	当然有我表演的话一定很棒的。
You really ordered coffee so I could rest?	你真的是想让我休息一下才叫咖啡外卖的吗？
Trash him! Trash him! 	扔了他！扔了他！ 
I'll give you a TV. 	我给你台电视。 
Not everyone stops when you tell them to.	不是每个人都会听别人的劝。
There is nought scheduled before luncheon.	中饭前日程表上没有活动安排。
Two stops, please. 	两站，劳驾。 
Not the result of some sort of killing spree 	并不是反社会医生以杀人为乐 
Oh, the poor guy's so lonely.	哦，可怜的寂寞男。
She threatened me with a letter opener.	她用开信刀威胁我来着。
L prefer not to disouss the matter any further.	我看关于这个问题就不必继续再讨论了。
It's got no potential energy in infinity.	在无穷远处势能也为零。
However, in a rejoinder published in the same issue of the proceedings, dr debruine and her colleagues point to a flaw in dr brooks's analysis: his failure to take into account a society's overall wealth.	然而，德布鲁因博士及其同事在《皇家协会会刊》上发表了关于此问题的回复，他们指出布鲁克斯博士的分析存在一个缺点：这就是他没有将一个社会群体的所有财富考虑在内。
Hey, dad. You want to play catch? 	嘿，老爸。练投球吗？ 
Who would love someone like that?	因为谁会爱上这样一个女人？
How's his speech?	他的演讲准备的咋样？
Is it? I didn't get a lot of sleep. 	哪儿好？我都没怎么睡。 
I'm a junior mints kind of guy. This relationship is probably doomed. 	我个人偏好薄荷糖。这段关系似乎被下了诅咒。 
I had to cut across the parade route. 	我不得不从游行队伍中挤过来。 
We are so sorry about the way we treated you. 	很抱歉以前那么对你。 
Why do you think she has so many places to go 	你觉得她为什么会有这么多地方要去 
You may have suffered a splenic tear	你可能是脾撕裂
Stay right here. I'm not done with you guys yet. 	在这呆着。你们的事还没完。 
Here you go. Doctor.	就这样。医生。
He locks himself in his room every night. 	他每天晚上都把自己锁在房间里面。 
There are no friends for life,	不存在终生的朋友，
I understand that any false information or misrepresentation will disqualify my application for admission or enrollment in leung's institute.	本人明白如有任何虚报或误导资料,则本人向良师学校作之申请及注册资格均会被取。
How? Expose the Russians.	怎么做？揭发俄国人。
Yeah, well, doctors are idiots. 	是啊，医生都是白痴。 
Because I do. And I was!	因为我想。而且我也在这陪你了！
But her vision, none of that stuff, any of that stuff - 	但她的意见主张她个人的东西 
Do you know what I gave up to be with you?	你知不知道我为了和你在一起放弃了什么？
I don't suggest waiting by the phone for the results. 	不过，我不建议等待通知结果的电话。 
Yeah, well, you got one of those now! 	是的，现在你有个死人了！ 
Come on, get off her! 	拜托，放开她！ 
I know, I know you do. But you're not. 	我知道，我知道你这么想。但你已经不再年轻。 
People who are defaulters or have delayed payments on several loans and dues such as, mortgage arrears, country court judgments, credit cards and individual voluntary agreements are bound to have a bad credit rating.	欠税人或延迟发放贷款和交纳等几种,按揭欠款全国法院判决、信用卡及个人自愿协议必然会有不良信用评级.
Hey, is he OK? 	嘿，他没事吧？ 
Thousands of people are deported each year with children younger than yours.	每年都有成千上万的人被驱逐他们的孩子比你的还小。
You must stay here if you want. 	如果您想呆就呆这儿吧。 
I'm a knight, sir, 	我是个骑士，先生， 
Free pumpkins for all humans? 	所有的人类都免费获赠南瓜？ 
After you taste one of our cupcakes.	尝尝我们做的蛋糕吧。
I don't want to sleep with him! 	我不想和他睡！ 
Improve the adhesion with metal layer via pincers and metal ion.	通过螯和金属离子，提高了与金属层的附着力。
All right, if anything goes wrong, just meet me in the lobby.	好吧，如果出了什么事到大厅找我。
Yeah. Her cut on an Aston...	是。她卖一辆阿什顿马丁…
Goodbye. But you will also come with us, isn't it, mother?	再见。你也会和我们一起走的，是不是，妈妈？
And I don't say nothing about the truck...	不提关于货车的事…
There's G 'aye few like us... 	很少有人像我们这样… 
Pick up, Jimmy. Please pick up. 	接啊，吉米。快接电话。 
I'll give you a chance to win some of this back tomorrow. Enjoy yourselves.	明天给你们个反败为胜的机会。玩得开心。
You've been pulling the strings.	你一直在幕后操纵。
Well, I get to the phone, and it's  	我听电话，电话说 
I dress like this normally every day,	我平时就这么打扮，
cause we wanted to break the machine, stop the factory.	因为我们想破坏机器，让工厂停产。
I don't know what he's talking about. You each have to give me a bit of your body.	我不知道他是什么意思。你们每个人都要献出身体的一部分给我。
A private jet, a little paparazzi 	私人飞机狗仔队 
You think that woman saw us? 	你想那个女人有没有看到我们？ 
Jack welch's wife actually told me that jack thinks he's really tall.	杰克•韦尔奇的夫人告诉我，事实上杰克自认为很高大。
We can expect to sign one, maybe two of the incumbents.	我们预期可以在负责人中签定一个甚至两个。
And a lot of them were flattened, 	很多都已经被压扁了， 
We all had first-night nerves.	我们全都有一种首场演出的紧张感。
Go, come on, now. We gotta spin it. 	上吧，加油。我们会扭转局面的。 
Well, anyway... I'm very familiar with your work.	管他呢……我很熟悉你的工作。
I need you to bring them down no matter what.	不管多大代价你都得给我扳倒他们。
Look, I'm sorry if I was insensitive about your case.	听着，很抱歉我不应该插手你的案子...
That suggests other factors may be at work beyond the pace of global growth.	这表明贸易很可能受全球增长外的其他因素的影响。
And coerced into committing the crime.	强迫犯罪。
In march, india completed a modern,$ 65 million netball stadium that fits 5000 spectators and has solar-powered lighting.	印度一座造价6500万美元的现代化投球馆3月竣工，该馆可容纳5000名观众，整个场馆使用太阳能照明。
Got you the standard engagement letter you wanted.	给你拿委托书范本来了。
It's not like I planned it. 	我本意是不想拿的。 
Get your balance. Put that leg over. Nice and hard now. 	注意平衡。腿放在这边。准确有力。 
The images are probably not broadcasted on us news channels.	这些图像可能无法在美国播出的新闻频道。
I know her from the time she was born. 	从她出生就认识她了。 
It's exclusive this year. 	今年我只参加这个。 
Charges? I was performing a service, which you interrupted. 	告我？我是在美发被你们搅和了。 
Listen, take it from me. Go home, okay? 	所以你先回家。乖，听话？ 
You tell them you found me at the sniper rifle,	你告诉他们你发现我拿着狙击枪，
So if you were hoping for any... I will avenge you, mother! 	所以我也没机会说出…我要为你报仇，妈妈！ 
Or maybe it was the police who did the hacking. 	又或许就是警察黑了我的电脑。 
Instrumentation work related to equipment packages.	与成套设备相关的仪表工作。
Vale says it is dealing with these problems-fixing the houses and putting on a bus into town.	vale集团表示他们正在处理这些问题，他们将修好房屋，并且设立一条进城的公车线路。
Never skimp on bread.	别舍不得买面包。
But I realized his crises are a part of him 	但它们原来是他性格的一部分 
You're on the outside now, Janis. 	你已经被排斥在外了，詹妮斯。 
This is a guard's league and having a guard like tmac who can shoot, play d, and handle the ball in critical situations is more important than having a dominant center.	这是一个后卫得联盟，球队需要一个象麦迪这样既能得分又能防守还能在关键时刻接管比赛得球员比需要一个大中锋更迫切。
Make an online hotel reservation today and save! 	今天在线预订，享受优惠! 
Well, I have to watch my spending. Especially on clothes. 	不过，我得注意花销了特别是买衣服。 
Made it to 19. 	活到了19岁。 
We had two of our guys holding court,	我们有两个人负责接客，
When you look to me, I look to you.	当你念想我时，我就会护佑你。
1 hear it now. Okay, take it easy.	我又听到了。好的，放松。
Get out of the street. Let's go. Hey, back up. Everybody get back.	别挡着路。我们走。嘿，退后。大家退后。
You know, when that guy shot at me,	当那人朝我开枪时，
And he won't be looking at your face. - I came to new York to be a fashion model. 	他不会看你的脸的。- 我是来纽约做时装模特的。 
Keep me informed. Copy.	有情况通知我。好的。
I love new York city! 	我爱纽约城！ 
Right. I'm very sorry if she tipped off anyone...	我很抱歉她泄漏了... 
Apparently the children's hospital and child services 	很显然儿童医院跟儿童机构 
Otherwise, it's three hots and a cot,	否则，他就只能接受由政府出资，
...drivers who have more than the legal limit of alcohol.	血液中酒精含量超过法定限度的司机
So he works here. 	他在这儿上班。 
They guy fights without gloves for 50 bucks.	这个家伙为了50块不带手套打拳。
I didn't say anything! I didn't! 	我什么也没说！我没有！ 
Us president barack obama and his daughter sasha swim at alligator point in panama city beach, florida, august 14, 2010.	美国总统奥巴马和他的女儿萨沙游泳扬子鳄点巴拿马城海滩，佛罗里达州，2010年8月14日。
Just look at the fate of otis chandler's creation.	看看otis chandler的作品的命运就知道了。
You should be more confident.	你应该更有自信的。
A wonderful selection of 	精选的 
Do you have a toilet I could use? - there's one upstairs. I... I'll show you. 	我可以用下洗手间么？- 在楼上。我… 我带你去。 
Make the fucking call. Use the satellite phone. 	打那该死的电话。用卫星电话。 
I think you've had enough. Let's take a break.	我看你也累了。咱休息一会儿吧。
You know, symmetry. 	你懂吧，那是对等的。 
I'm tired of carrying all of your weight.	我受够了独自承担一切。
Because what would she do if I kissed her soft lips? 	如果我亲吻她柔软的嘴唇她会如何？ 
Skip muck died, and Eugene roe came to me...	史基普穆克阵亡了，而尤金罗……
Briareos, no! Stop it. 	布里艾诺斯，不！快住手。 
We only found some of you an hour ago.	一小时前我们只发现你们。
What's with the get - up? 	干嘛要打扮成这样呢？ 
French fawn, whatever. Okay. 	法式的浅黄褐色，也好。好的。 
You must see Highgarden.	你一定得去见见高庭。
I feel certain you have much, much more to give.	我相信你还有很多地方可以帮忙。
Check. What about missing persons? 	去查吧。失踪人口查得怎么样了？ 
He has a gun, that's who he is! 	他有枪，他就是这种人！ 
LI just don't love him.	我只是不爱他。
I can load a rig onto trucks and have them here in a week. 	我可以在一周内把钻探工具用卡车运过来。 
What? Wait! Where are you going? 	什么？等等！你要去哪儿？ 
Sounded great.	听上去很棒。
We failed to get the higher blood pressure... 	我们并没有实现高血压... 
Hey, listen, I gotta go, okay? 	嘿，我得走了？ 
Not you, dear. Why not?. 	你可不死，亲爱的。为什么不是？ 
But the audit committee says he did not reveal that he had already considered the company as a bid candidate when he bought shares.	但审计委员会说，他并没有透露说，他购买股票时，就已经考虑将该公司作为候选的竞购标的。
However... Look who is. 	但你看看谁是会员。 
Middle english was a very disorganized language.	中世纪英语是一种杂然无序的语言。
As medical officer, I protest the way he's being treated.	作为医疗官，我抗议对他的折磨。
Where you are creator of your own experience, because you are the manager of your own thought.	做你自己的经历的创造者，因为你是你自己思想的主人。
Real wages and unemployment make up the third.	第三大类则由实际收入和失业率组成。
Welcome to the world's most authoritative physicists, paleontology, research institutions, paleontologists, modern biologists, geologists, anthropologists, geneticists, genetic theory theorists, researchers study.	欢迎世界最权威的物理学家，古生物研究机构，古生物学家，近代生物学家，地质学家，人类学家,遗传学家，基因学说理论家学。
We're smoking reefer, and you don't want no part of this shit.	我们在抽大麻，你不会想搅和进来的。
He would've needed a transmitter to get the images out.	他还需要一个发射器来把图像传送出来。
Busy. Guys, that movie is a classic. 	忙啊。各位，那电影可是经典啊。 
May I dance with your wife? 	我可否与您妻子共舞一曲？ 
Questioner: where did the information come from that edgar cayce channeled?	发问者：埃德加-凯西传递的讯息是从哪里来的？
They're writing a pilot script.	他们在写为新剧写剧本。
Similarly, cosmic and solar flare radiations degrade electro-mechanical systems.	同样地，宇宙射线和太阳耀斑的辐射也会损害机电系统的功效。
I just don't want to be yet another flip - flop fatality.	我只是不想当第二个死在人字拖下的人。
I hope they're not coming down with anything. 	希望不是得了什么病 
For one minute without consequences.	一分钟而不引起后果。
How many ramps will you need?	有多少斜道，将您需要的资讯？
Of that cursed crocodile, and now this!	章鱼，现在又来了。
I'm gonna get closer.	我马上跟进去。
A man must not force a woman.	男人不该对女人实施暴力.
It's where experts like me gather evidence against you. 	像我这样的专家会收集证据来逮捕你。 
I got a vibe in the train. 	我在火车上感觉到了。 
Or mention anything about the painting at all.	或提到任何关于画的事。
But the prospect of an overshooting exchange rate in conjunction with a slowdown in global demand requires a much more assertive policy response than the complacent display put on by leaders during last week's european union summit would suggest.	但在全球需求放缓之际，欧元汇率若要飚升，需要比上周欧盟（european union）峰会上各国首脑的自满表现坚定得多的政策回应。
We're in a ditch near some rocks about...	我们在沟里岩石附近...
Someday, before I die, mark my words...	你们听好了，在我死之前，总有一天……
But the police appear to be treatinghis as a homicide.	但警方现在将此视为谋杀。
I've spoken to a contact in Manchester CID. 	我和曼彻斯特刑侦局的一个人打了电话。 
Sir, he has a history of heart trouble. 	先生，他有心脏病史的。 
Padmasambhava grew up to gradually realize about the unsatisfactory nature of existence, which led to his renunciation of both kingdom and family in order to teach the dharma to those entangled in samsara.	莲花生长大后逐渐理解无常即娑婆苦恼之本质，因此为教导困於娑婆苦海的众生领悟佛法而放弃王位和家人。
Let there be a hanging every year, God! 	神啊，让我们每年都有一次绞刑吧！ 
Well, I have over a thousand followers. 	我已经有很多脑残粉了。 
don't let him pass! Stop it! 	别让他过去！住嘴！ 
You're going to fix this.	你得想法挽回。
Ah, I do not know that there is a three-dimensional animation company seems to do is still much to do.	不知道啊我知道有一家公司是做三维动画的似乎做的还很大。
You are the one shot him fine.	是你射中的他好吧。
What about his brother? 	他弟弟呢？ 
Ready to do this thing?	准备要上场了吗？
I'm investing, helping Russia, France and myself. 	我正在投资，帮助俄罗斯，法国还有我自己。 
Lots of venture money is wasted building "companies" when they are really just product development vehicles.	许多投资者的钱就是这么浪费的：他们试图打造的“公司”其实只是产品开发平台。
You say you're out of the life, 	你说你已经金盆洗手了， 
And if he's willing to come in and play with our team. 	如果他真的愿意一直和我们的团队合作的话。 
Iraq, Bahrain, Gitmo, Sao Paolo, Naples.	伊拉克，巴林岛，关塔纳摩，圣保罗，那不勒斯。
What do I do to transfer my calls? 	想转驳我的电话怎办？ 
If God is love,	如果上帝博爱，
I'm not - I'm not like that.	我不是... 我不是那样的。
Its mechanism is so strong that you can remove the cells and keep them in a culture and they'll still maintain a 24-hour rhythm.	其机理非常强劲，如果你将这些细胞从大脑中移除，将它们养护在培养液中，它们仍然会保持24小时的节律。
Charges of large-scale corruption were swirling around the dpp's previous leader, chen shui-bian, a hardline pro-independence firebrand whose two terms as president from 2000-08 had alienated the public. He was later jailed.	自2000年至2008年担任台湾总统的前民进党主席陈水扁政治风格强硬极端，是亲台独的煽动者，但大量关于腐败的指控缠绕着他，使其和人民渐行渐远，最终入狱。
What he wanted was a charter for every man... 	他理想中的宪章是为每一个人而存在的。 
But for the sake of curiosity, if I wanted to, um... 	出于好奇，问一句如果我想... 嗯... 
Are you drinking breast milk? 	你喝过人乳没？ 
Come on. I'm moving past it. 	别这样。我早都没事儿了。 
I'll bet toola was shocked.	我想图拉一定很难过。
I'm happy to see some justice.	我很高兴公正还存在。
What? This hotel's going round and round. 	什么？宾馆在转呀转。 
don't let anybody distract you.	别让任何人分散你的注意。
I have a coffee date.	我有个咖啡约会。
You do that again, and you're a dead man. 	你再来一次试试你就死定了。 
To be responsible 	扛起责任的时候 
Put the gun down, and you'll walk out of here. 	把枪放下，你就可以离开这里。 
It looks very familiar.	看上去真眼熟。
Easier if you left that backpack behind. 	你要是不带包能轻松点。 
But they're the best money can buy. 	但她们是钱能买到的最好的货色。 
It's not the first time I see you here. 	我在这儿不只见过你一次了。 
By pretending the target of a murderous rival's attack. 	为了伪造对手谋杀他的现场 
Hey! Anybody need a robe?	有人要浴袍吗？
But frankly, I don't need to conspire against Melissa.	但是说实话我没必要特意排挤她。
He explained why facebook needed to move to silicon valley. Why more money would come from venture capitalists than eduardo would ever raise with his hat-in-hand visits to wealthy new yorkers.	他解释了为什么facebook需要搬迁到硅谷；为什么风险资本可以提供更多的钱，远远多于eduardo卑躬屈膝向纽约富人上门访问能够筹集来的资金。
You'll be very much alone. 	只有你一个人。 
But at the same time, like, I feel chemistry between you and I. 	但同时我跟你之间感觉来电。 
At the time, flash was a newborn as an application programming tool and dvd authoring software was too heavy and rigid to be useful.	还是那个时候，flash作为一款新生的应用程序编程工具和dvd认证软件用起来太繁杂和刻板了。
He believes chinese people should face, with resolve and open mind, the difficulties and pressures due to international uncertainties, such as the rising price of staple goods in the international community, the sluggish economy and high umemployment rate of america and europe.	他认为国际社会大宗商品的价格不断上涨，而美欧经济疲软，失业率居高不下，国际上的许多不确定因素都将带来困难和压力，中国人民要有勇气和开放的态度来承受这一现实。
Without direct assistance, many will remain homeless for the rest of their lives-at enormous cost to society and themselves.	没有直接的援助，他们中的许多在余生依旧无家可归以社会和本人的巨大代价。
He fucked me in the kitchen. 	他在厨房上了我。 
A pittance to protect you from evil. I am evil. 	捐点香油钱吧这样能保你不受邪恶侵扰。我是邪恶的。 
And since it was the same gun that killed the policeman and was never recovered,	既然这和杀害那个警察的枪是同一把而且一直没有找到，
However, the causes and severity of this recession threaten this ideology's credibility-with potentially considerable consequences for management and the workplace.	然而，这场衰退的起因和严重程度令这一观念的可信性受到威胁，这可能会给管理和职场带来巨大影响。
If you're on this football team, 	想在橄榄球队混， 
Why? You worried?	为什么这么问？你很担心吗？
If man shopping with woman, that man should pay what woman buy, sometime man has to send flowers as present.	如果男人为女人买野,男人都会埋单,好多时候男人会送花作为礼物。
Well, you two have a good time in New York. 	好了，祝你俩在纽约玩的愉快。 
Guess I really do suck in bed. 	我在床上可能真是差了点。 
Every day I come on set	每天到片场时
I just got back from Russia. Half the people there are radioactive. 	我刚从俄国回来。在那里大家都有辐射反应。 
I will not leave Venice until my trunk is returned.	我的衣箱拿不回来，我就不离开威尼斯。
But it's more prevalent in homogeneous societies. 	但是在同系族群里却是广泛存在的。 
Like I was suddenly... Free.	就象我突然... 自由了。
I'm beginning to get a persecution fear complex.	我开始患上迫害恐惧综合症了。
Western countries recently tightened their sanctions against the burmese government, but have unhesitatingly offered assistance, as have china and others.	过去一段时间内西方国家加强了对缅甸政府的制裁，但是现在毫不犹豫的提供了援助，就像对中国和其他国家一样。
I have made enquiries and I know now that you spoke the truth. I beg your pardon. 	我做了调查我现在知道你讲的是事实。请原谅。 
I told you everything that I saw.	我把看到的一切都告诉你了。
To see our children before the final attack. 	在最后的攻击前见我们孩子一面。 
Then why did you leave him? I didn't. 	又为什么要离开他？我没有。 
Here we go... Places everyone and... 	好了……每个人找到自己的位置…… 
You know we don't actually work here, right? 	你清楚我们不在这工作吧？ 
Switch to a different channel. Try eight. 	换到别的频道。试一下八频道。 
But from experience I know they can be defeated even if only temporarily.	但从经验来看，我知道它们是可以战胜的，即使只是暂时的。
Why didn't he let us go with him? 	为什么不让我们跟着他？ 
The tower of pisa is far out of plumb.	比萨斜塔偏离垂直状态很远。
Still, beijing's intentions have been thwarted before.	不过，过去北京的目标曾遭遇过挫折。
I was. Who died? Who was it? 	是的。谁死了？是谁？ 
She sounds like a real piece of work, by the way. 	她真不是个省油的灯。 
They release millions of eggs and sperm within a period of 20 minutes, ensuring that some young will survive parrotfish and other predators, researchers report this week in the journal of experimental biology.	为了确保他们的幼仔在隆头鱼和其他天敌中活下来，每20分钟内，他们会产出数以万计的卵子和精子。
The numbers that you repeated, 	你刚才重复了一些数字， 
All right, that first one's going past us now.	好吧，第一个人会经过我们1015。
I just need to get the Albanians there, too.	我只需要把那帮阿尔巴尼亚人也引到那。
Doesn't mean I do the shit the home depot dudes do.	但这也不能说我干那些人的活啊
He was dressed in boots and camouflage and carried a pack larger than hers.	他穿着靴子和迷彩服，带着个比她的大得多的包裹。
That he is immediately forgiven for all wrongdoings? 	他一旦认错，就立刻被原谅了。 
At least with Linden, you got to learn 	不过，跟林顿一起 
It is based on the principle of "partial self-financing, valid guarantee, special funds for special purpose and repayment on schedule".	实行“部分自筹、有效担保、专款专用、按期偿还”的原则。
You must testify against him 	你就要出面指证莫一烈 
Your killer's a ground squirrel? 	凶手是只黄鼠？ 
You put it on your schlong.	把它放到你的阴茎上。
It W an accide. She di in the woods. 	意外事故。树林里。 
You know she comes -  We have lunch on Thursdays. 	你知道她要过来的 -  我们逢周四会一起吃午饭。 
Obviously, they didn't because they never left.	显而易见，因为他们并没有走。
Because I was walking a block behind staring at you? That's not following. 	为什么啊？因为我走在你后面隔着个街区盯着你？那不叫跟踪。 
Other components will also be formed during this step that will contribute to the final sensorial attributes of tequila.	在这一步骤中，还会加入其它成分，这些成分将使龙舌兰酒具有最终的独特感官特性。
We were trying to protect you. I know what you were trying to do. 	我们只是想保护您，我知道你们想要做的。 
Liesl: isn't this why you're here waiting for me?	丽：难道你不是为此在这等我？
Wear shirts and boots, 'cause it's okay tbe a boy.	穿衬衫皮靴，因为当男生没什么不行。
Ten thousand years of civilization. 	整整一万年的文明。 
Just to scare a suspect into confessing to a lesser one.	好让你坦白较轻的罪刑。
Figure out our next move, but I don't want to do anything 	我们下一步该怎么办，在我没搞清楚目前的状况下 
Major Lawrence doubtless has reports to make... 	劳伦斯少校毫无疑问地要报告…… 
everyone will be taught by God. 	所有人都要蒙神的教诲。 
Which is why I erased all the security footage of Lois crumpling a metal door 	所以我删除了所有保安系统拍下的 
The court has ruled that germany cannot enter into unlimited, open-ended commitments vis a vis partners.	该法院裁定，德国不能对其伙伴国做出无限制的承诺。
I was trying to find related incidents	我试着寻找没有受害者的
At school I learned about rights.	我在学校学到了权利。
Identifying this man,	找到这个人，
Would you care to take a walk with me, darlene madison?	你介意和我一起散散步吗达琳麦迪逊？
Mmm. This is romantic. 	嗯。这还真挺浪漫的。 
Right. Um,in the bar, you'd said you'd left her.	好吧。在酒吧的时候，你说是你离开了她。
Simply put, a buyer's market is generally a very good time in which to buy.	简而言之，买方市场正是买房的极佳时机。
It's a wedding gift for Lord fu's daughter 	所以特别赐只金猪给傅家送女过门 
The fixing a flat myth is far from finished. 	但修补轮胎的流言远未结束 
Wow, wow, wow! Jesus!	啊，啊，啊，上帝呀！
Do I look like I have a "quick moment"?	我看上去像是有" 一点点时间" 吗？
cause I know a great place	因为我知道有个很好的地方
Now, nobody likes to talk ill of the dead, of course.	好吧，当然没人愿意说死者的坏话。
I'm not even supposed to know about.	我却不能全部都知道。
Two especially sensitive components in mr netanyahu's political calculations are avigdor lieberman, the foreign minister and leader of the yisrael beitenu party, and benny begin, a minister without portfolio.	内塔尼亚胡的政治评估中有两个特别敏感的人物：前外交部部长以及yisrael beitenu党领导人阿维格多利伯曼和政务委员benny begin。
Spots of rain had begun to fall.	雨点开始落下来了。
Compact design and three functions design saves money and space.	体积小巧，三合一设计可节省成本及空间。
Nothing of any importance happened to me before yesterday. 	昨天之前又没发生什么大事。 
Is there a common misperception that this only happens when kids get older?	常见的的误解是不是，这种事只会在大孩子中间发生？
I see a man who withholds information for kersh.	我看见的是拒绝提供信息给克什。
Project periphery is residential village and industrial garden area namely, population is concentrated form a complete set is mature.	项目周围即为室第社区和产业园区，人丁密集配置成熟。
One that you'll remember 20 years from now, 	从今往后的20年， 
You also have some unpleasant thing? 	你也遇到了什么不愉快的事了吧？ 
It is through sea power that china will psychologically erase two centuries of foreign transgressions on its territory--forcing every country around it to react.	也只有通过建立强大的海权，中国才能摆脱长达两个世纪被外部入侵的心理阴影迫使周边国家作出相应举措。
I heard her 	我听见她 
And when I hide that, I hide the best part of me... 	当我掩盖这点时，我掩盖了我身上最好的部分… 
Well, lately.	对，最近都这样。
Stuck in space - time, drifting, really.	困在了时空中，不断漂流，没骗你。
And what is your name? Kiriii. 	你叫什么？-基里尔。 
But you would rather run off to school. 	但你却宁愿跑去上大学。 
And the last third, the road, it's contaminated by all the other cars that drive over it.	最后，案发路段，也被路上其他来往车辆毁坏。
You've got to learn how to read this graph. 	你需要学习如何看图。 
Of not having enough time to do everything you want.	害怕在规定的时间内不能完成工作。
On the lower left side of the jaw, 	从左颌下处， 
The blaze has burned 140 structures--including at least 53 homes.	大火烧毁了140座建筑其中至少有53座民用住宅。
Okay, go ahead. I don't think I'm fighting for my life here, Mr. Trump.	好的，继续。特朗普先生，我想我们不是在这为生活而战。
Well, there's water in your room. 	好吧，你房间有水。 
You know, what somebody else has been telling them. 	别人告诉他们的说法。 
I know an awful lot about this guy.	我可以告诉你很多凶手的信息。
We use this one now. Much better. 	我们现在用这个。功能好多了。 
We are? You didn't tell me.	是吗？你没有告诉我。
What are you doing with her? Excuse me? 	你对她干什么了？啊？ 
Prepare the water!	你们去准备水！
Most attention focused on dubious claims by autocrats that democracy was not among them.	绝大部分的注意力集中在了独裁者令人半信半疑的他们不需要民主的诉求上。
Theories on bond pricing include classical interest rate theory, liquidity preference theory, loanable fund theory and reasonable expectation theory.	摘要债券价格的决定理论主要有古典利率理论、流动偏好理论、可贷资金理论和理性预期理论。
The disciple, sit next to Jesus of the last supper, 	坐在耶稣旁被认为是约翰的使徒， 
So I might be out of a job soon enough.	我可能很快就要失业了。
But it's not as terrible as I originally thought it was	但是那地方并不像我当初想象的那么可怕，
His working is behind schedule.	他的工作比预定的进度落后了。
Where do you think she'll go?	你猜她会去哪里？
Enterprise funding is a risk factor for multiple roles.	企业筹资风险的形成是多种因素作用的结果。
Above all, he decried its relative autonomy and appointed a number of hostile bosses to impose his authority.	总之，他责难这家公司的相对自治性并且向这家公司委派了很多心腹来加强他的权威。
I'm not inventing anything, am I? 	我没有编造吧，是不是？ 
Somehow, it's still there. 	却仍然能感觉到？ 
You like my perfume? Smell it. 	喜欢我的香水吗？你闻闻。 
That listening to someone you disagree with helps stimulate the brain.	听不同意见的人讲话可以刺激大脑。
Couldn’t stay on your board, could you?	你在板上站不稳，是吧？
I don't want to read about it in the paper. I want to hear about it right now. 	我不想在报纸上看到。我现在就想知道。 
that's reassuring.	这多靠谱啊。
Good business.	一笔好生意。
I didn't kiss her! How many times do I have to tell you that? 	我没有吻她！要我跟你说几遍才行？ 
I'm going to visit my grandma. Come along if you want.	我去看看我奶奶。想来的话就一起吧。
My life is all yours, I swear	我发誓，我是你的
We stand here... - you find the coins? 	我们站在这……- 找到金币了？ 
She said it was important that she deliver it. 	她说，她要把包送到，事关重大。 
He considers stubhub to be "the king of the game," he says. "	他认为StubHub是这个市场里最强大的玩家。
Keep it down, will you? 	你们要学会分时间场合？ 
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the company's bye-laws or the laws in bermuda which would oblige the company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.	本公司组织细则或百慕达法例并无有关本公司须按比例向现有股东发售新股份之优先购买权之规定.
He looks like a drunk. He is a drunk.	他看起来像喝醉他是喝醉了。
This can be captured by correlating each frame with its mates.	这可以在那些相关则帧之间被捕获到。
Yeah, I love you, too. I'll talk to you as soon as I can. 	对，我也爱你。我会尽快联系你的。 
82% Rayon / 18% Polyester Backing 	82%人造丝，18%聚酯基衬垫 
Look, sir, we're... You can trust us. We're not gonna steal anything. 	先生…你可以信任我们。不会偷东西的。 
For a dissociative identity disorder.	看他是否真有精神分裂症。
On one side was the fast-running river, on the other was the dark hillside.	路的一旁是快速流动的河水，另一旁是黑漆漆的山坡。
What are we doing?	我们在干什么？
I'm not clearing my name by getting in bedwith a murderer. 	我不要通过与杀手同流合污来为自己正名。 
The last instalment.	最后一批款。
Cultural differences both within and across apac countries contribute to a technology climate characterized by a broad range of products, services, and distribution and marketing strategies.	亚太地区国家内部以及国家之间的文化差异，造成了一种技术环境，其特征是存在大范围的产品、服务、分销以及营销策略。
Why I have been here for over an hour, drinking this swill... 	为什么我要在这里呆一个多小时喝着潲水... 
But he glued horns on it and stabbed it with a toy sword.	但他把牛角粘在足球上还用玩具剑刺它。
I heard Russell cleared you to come back. 	我听说罗素批准你请假了。 
give up that ring, man. 	把那戒指给我脱了。 
That's how he wants it to look; but he's not crazy, he's very clever.	他要轰动全场，但他没疯，他很精明。
Prof shiller correctly identified the dotcom bubble in the late 1990s and then spotted the housing bubble a few years later.	希勒教授准确指出了上世纪90年代末的互联网泡沫，几年之后又觉察到了房地产泡沫。
I want to talk Scott 	我有话要说斯科特！ 
No immigration system is perfect.	没有任何移民系统是完美的。
Why do I need this when I got this? 	我有枪为什么还需要这个？ 
I didn't realize I was interrupting something.	我不知道我打扰你了。
Qatars meteorological office said 51.2 millimetres had fallen so far this month.	按照卡塔尔气象部门的说法，本月迄今为止的总降雨量为51.2毫米。
Why... Did he look for you? Why didn't he come directly to me? 	为什么他找你，不直接来找我？ 
Can I just ask you a few questions? 	我可以问你一些问题吗？ 
I told them not to turn off the phone, okay? It said it was gonna kill me. 	我都叫他们不要关手机，好吗？那玩意儿威胁过说要杀了我。 
I'm sorry. How is a rat running througha bloody maze so incredible? 	拜托一只老鼠在迷宫里乱窜有什么不可思议的？ 
Good night. Goodnight, honey.	晚安。晚安，宝贝。
Are you going to keep this guy longer? 	你还要继续关着他么？ 
Here's what I think is possible,	我觉得很有可能，
She lives on campus and it got a little late...	她住在学校弄得有些晚了...
Hello, Mrs. Watchit. You're looking in the pink. 	你好，瓦琪太大。你气色很佳。 
All right, start with his immigration status.	好吧，先查他的移民状况。
Ah! I know that song too 	啊！这首歌我也会唱 
You're not gonna fall in a toilet.	更不可能会掉进茅坑里。
Did he let you go? Of course. 	他放过你啦？是啊。 
If I had been able to complete transmission. 	如果我能完成传输。 
If you're going to have intercourse, 	如果你们要发生性行为， 
Relax, ray, relax. I'll go back	冷静点，雷，冷静点。我再去趟法院。
I want everybody to 	希望每个人都来找我。 
They get restless,	他们烦躁不安，
Who fell in love with a young man of nobility. 	当她与一个年轻的贵族相恋时。 
But ming has stepped up his taste buds.	但是姚明自己对酒的品味已经大步提升。
He met some people, and he changed.	他认识了一些人，他变了。
That will come as good news to the small army of entrepreneurs in the developing world now coming up with novel business models to sell and service the cooking stoves.	这对于发展中世界的一小群企业家而言是利好消息，这些企业家如今想出了炉灶销售及维修的新颖商业模式。
During my postmortem examination, 	我在尸检时， 
I've had a very difficult time since my wife passed away. 	我太太去世后，我经历了一段非常痛苦的时间。 
Article 3 meteorological service is a basic public welfare service for economic development, napublic welfare meteorological services shall be the first priority in meteorological work. Tional defense, social development and people's well being.	第三条气象事业是经济建设、国防建设、社会发展和人民生活的基础性公益事业，气象工作应当把公益性气象服务放在首位。
The heart and soul of Boston Fenway park.	波士顿的灵魂所在。
Nice shot, senator.	打得漂亮，议员。
All right, I'll come down later and I'll see you there. All right.	好吧，那我晚点过去我们到时见面。好吗？
< man: drink, after the knock you need a drink! 	喝啊！受伤了就得喝酒！ 
So it was Messer in ballistics. 	实验室捣蛋鬼。 
A lot of our best points 	很多最精辟的地方 
Fix it so he won't want to fight anymore. Come on, burnie!	打得他以后不敢再打了，本诺克！
Because you're my partner. 	因为你是我搭档。 
Head researcher dr jeffery ellenbogen says: "this shows us that sleep does not just passively protect memories, but rather, plays an active role in memory consolidation."	首席研究员杰弗瑞-艾伦伯根说：“这项研究让我们知道睡觉不仅仅是被动的保护了记忆，而是在记忆巩固中起着积极主动的作用。”
God is in the detail. He was and all. 	上帝存于细节。他是。 
It shows that the absorption of cu and pb for clover tend to increase gradually with the increased concentration of relevant elements in soil under experiment, but cu and pb display obvious restraining effect.	结果表明，生长一个月左右的三叶草对铜和铅的吸收在实验条件下均随土壤中相应元素浓度的增加而增加，但铜和铅之间存在着明显的拮抗作用。
This was too good to last. 	太美的驻定不能持久。 
I know. Why didn't I think of that? 	我知道我怎么会没想到？ 
That suspense movie gave me a big bang at the end.	那个悬念片的结局让我大失一惊。
I care about this patient.	我关心这个病人。
You're gettin 'divorced. 	你已经离婚了。 
I loved loot! 	我喜欢战利品！ 
Hey, geezer...! I've had just about enough! 	嘿，怪老头... ！我受够了！ 
She's been saving that salami for three months. 	她节省那调味料有三个月之久。 
It's over. Why does it always end like this?	结束了。怎么老是这样的结尾？
It looks like a bird's nest.	活真像个鸟窝。
The noosphere is our collective knowledge and wisdom, and today it "evolves" far faster than any biological entities.	人类圈是我们知识和智慧的总和，如今它“进化”得远比其它生物实体要快得多。
It had a huge influence on psychiatry.	它对精神病学有着巨大影响。
I'll drive you home myself. 	我可以送你回家。 
Go down to the canteen, o K? 	去一下小卖部，好吗？ 
Bohannon said keep building the railroad 	博汉南说了不管他在不在 
I'll get her.	一定会逮到她。
Too many vodkas last night, dad. 	昨天晚上伏特加喝得太多了，大大。 
Even inco's nickel is a vital ingredient of stainless steel.	甚至连国际镍业公司的镍都是生产不锈钢的的重要材料。
More boomstick, Rico!I really want to fly! 	多装点火炮，里克！我真想飞起来！！ 
Nor will I say anything about the agony she must have undergone 	我也不提她决定穿什么衣服前 
For crying out loud, Roger, how the hell many times... 	为了大声的哭出来，罗杰，这个镜头... 
It's an American holiday... 	是美国人的节日…… 
This knife all of a sudden being put to your chest?	突然有把刀对着你的胸口？
In effect, this was the first official acknowledgment that internal exposure could cause health problems, given that these people weren't exposed to the blasts, but to later fallout.	由此，日本官方首次承认：对那些没有经历核爆炸但后来受到原子尘埃影响的人来说，内照射可能导致健康问题。
I do it because it's interesting. I mean just, just thinking about how things work and how to test different ideas 	我是因为它有趣才做的。我的意思是“事情是怎样运作的”有趣，并且能够尝试不同的想法 
Boss, could you... 	头，能来一下吗... 
And we got to take advantage. 	所以乘机利用下。 
She said "no thank you".	她说“不用了谢谢。
Why the hell did n't you report that?	你为什么没说？
A soft, slouchy style for daytime and a clutch for evening are a great start.	白天选择柔软、懒散的风格，而晚上选择无带型的包包，是一个好的开始。
You're under arrest for fraud, 	你因诈骗巨额盗窃， 
Common english knitting terms ( continuously updated)	常见英文棒针用语（持续补充中）
The goal of the second phase is to increase the resolution of the predictions for a select subset of human proteins.	一期项目的目的是了解蛋白质的功能，二期项目的目的是提高选定的部分人类蛋白质的预测结构的分辨率。
Your father also made promises 	你父亲也曾经做出过承诺 
You can't desert your men, Sarge.	你不能遗弃你的手下，长官。
If it works out, I'd like to. 	如果工作结束了，我愿意回去。 
In 2006 and 2007 timber giant weyerhaeuser ( wy) conducted one of the biggest share buybacks in its history.	2006至2007年，木材产品巨头惠好公司（Weyerhaeuser）斥资8亿美元，进行了公司历史上最大规模的股票回购。
Shuttle to the Gurnee Mills Outlet Mall. 	班车直达古尔尼米尔斯折扣购物中心。 
She what? She just wants to talk to me. 	什么？她想跟我谈谈。 
It's in my ieft ass check.	在我的左脸颊里。
I'm sorry. What is he saying?	对不起，他说什么？
I'm 30 feet forward of the hatch. 	在舱门前30英尺。 
And consequently I just say that you absolutely need - you can spend days at Pompeii -	因此我想你们肯定需要-在庞贝花些时间- 
No, they truly believe it.	不会的。他们对此深信不疑。
don't call me angel. I'm no angel! 	别叫我天使。我不是天使！ 
Outback Steakhouse Gift Card 	澳美客牛排馆礼品卡 
Until we called, they were planning on bombing the facility and covering it up. 	我们联系他们时，他们正准备轰炸设施以掩盖这整个事件。 
I see the most wonderful woman I have ever met.	我看到的是我见过的最美丽的女人。
Find Lucy and kill everybody else. 	找到露西杀掉其他人。 
Before he gets there. 	它的位置。 
Going out of town, going on a business trip, going on a vacation. 	出城散心出差或者度假。 
Because it was merely an accident...	因为那事件只是意外…
Why? Just sit. 	干嘛？让你坐就坐。 
And we spent the entire night trying to find you.	而且我们整晚都在找你。
Your company habeen invold in	你的公司即使不负直接责任
Right, well, thank you for the food. 	好吧，那么，谢谢你给我送吃的。 
Payne and colleagues found that when people are shown a scene with an emotion-laden object in the foreground-such as a wrecked car-they are more likely to remember that object than, say, palm trees in the background, especially if they are tested after a night of slumber.	payne和他的同时发现，当近距离给人们看情绪沉重的景象时比如一辆汽车的残骸人们更容易记住汽车本身，而不是背景中的棕榈树，特别是对熟睡一夜的人进行测试。
You're beeping. What? Oh.	有什么东西响了。哈？哦。
Do you think the slave - generated data bots out of silicon valley are vulnerable to Sigma seven overrides? 	你认为硅谷从动生成数据机器人易遭到西格玛七覆写的攻击吗？ 
You're bleeding again. It's your...	你又流血了。是你的…
Know how much a 30 second spot costs?	你知道30秒钟要花多少钱吗？
Guest laundry washer and dryer 	客人洗衣房，配有洗衣机和干衣机 
He loved rhubarb. 	他喜欢大黄。 
Dr. telm can't get back to meet you. I'm sorry.	特姆医生不能回来见你，抱歉。
In the west, most Christians wouldn't be singing the public	在西方，大多数基督徒不能公开诵唱对神的赞美诗歌，因为那太危险了。
That's why I should kill you. 	所以我应该杀了你们。 
Not the biggest room in the house, 	它不是这栋房子里最大的房间， 
He said he was able to persuade them to participate in the film, partly because he had been visiting some of the tailors with his father and uncle since he was a child.	他说，从孩提时代开始，他就跟随父亲和叔叔光顾其中一些裁缝的生意，这正是他能够说服他们参与这部影片的部分原因。
They have one after his death, qiaozhitangning bought his share, in addition to making a lot of ill-gotten gains, the downing also managed to get the post of treasury secretary.	他们中有一个过世后，乔治唐宁买下了他的份额，除了赚取大量的不义之财外，唐宁还设法得到了财政部秘书的职位。
With your help, of course. 	当然，全凭你的帮助咯。 
Then you know if I Nick it, you'll bleed out and die in less than four minutes. 	你知道如果我划破它，你会在4分钟内流血至死。 
I'm gonna take care of yourfamily. don't worry about that. 	别担心。我会照顾你家人的。 
My dad sat on other women, too, 	我爸也坐在别的女人身上了， 
Yet bad weather sometimes presents the perfect opportunity to get most out of our skills.	然而坏天气有事会提供别样机会给我们练手。
You're calling them abductions because you don't have any bodies?	因为没找到尸体所以你称之为绑架？
Especially since most of those people oughta be in prison. 	尤其是那些人大多数都该进监狱的。 
They're mmak! Iung a videoo!	他们正拍录像呢！
As a new media, internet exerts both negative and positive influences on the morality of college students.	因特网作为一种新型媒体，对大学生道德品质产生的影响是双向的，既有积极的方面，也有消极的影响。
It's final? We're leaving? 	决定了吗？真的要撤军吗？ 
Such an honor is too great for Wu Luan.	无鸾万万当不起皇上的这等恩泽。
Part of the reason they can afford to be so relaxed is that the commissioner's office is itself slow in pursuing complaints.	这些政府部门之所以敢对《信息自由法案》如此怠慢，部分原因是信息调查部门本身在处理投诉时就行动拖拉。
We have a gentleman's agreement. - we have a gentleman's agreement.	我们有君子协定的。- 我们有君子协定。
This might be bone dust.	可能是骨灰。
But I Haven't. It's my first time. 	我可没练过呢。这是我第一次弹。 
Audience halls were needed for receiving delegations, together with temples for ritual purification and processional paths.	要有专门接见的大殿，连同祭祀大典的斋房和游行用的路。
And he said, "boy, you'll be damned to hell.	他说" 小子你去死吧。
Attention: all construction workers, off deck.	注意：所有工人，请离开甲板。
Although the sums involved are relatively small certainly in comparison to many international corruption scandals there has been widespread anger at the sight of politicians working the system in the middle of a recession.	尽管所涉金额相对较小当然与许多国际腐败丑闻无法相提并论但政界人士在经济衰退期间还在利用该制度牟利，引起了人们的普遍愤怒。
His lust for gold was legendary. 	因为他对金子的欲望是出了名的。 
You're lying. No, you are lying!	你在说谎。不，你在说谎！
What's he to you? Look me in the eye and tell me! 	你跟他什么关系？看着我的眼睛跟我讲！ 
I shouldn't take it out on Beth either. 	我不应该把气撒在贝丝身上。 
In most places in the universe,	在宇宙大多数地方，
I can talk to him till his handler can get out. 	他的接头人有条件见他之前都可以由我找他。 
You're running a medical facility, 	你运作的是医疗机构， 
But I think I have a way to get us all out of this. 	我刚刚想到一个好方法能让我们都能脱身。 
Live girl, right?	活生生的姑娘，是么？
Did he die? No. 	他死了？没。 
He wouldn't betray me. - then who did it?	不会背叛我的- 那又是谁干的？
Go put the weapon down. Get on the ground now.	把武器放下，放到地上去。
You need help. It's a lie. 	你需要帮助。骗人。 
Is this a motion sickness patch?	这是抗运动病贴片吗?
I can just send you a fax. 	我可以发个传真给你。 
I need a basic tool kit, a small caliber pistol with a silencer -  	我要一个小型工具箱一把带消音器的小口径手枪 -  
You're like some kind of right - wing, pro-family values senator, 	你就像是那些右翼，宣扬家庭价值的保守派议员， 
Also, there's a possible witness.	同时，还有一位可能的目击者。
The sunflower starfish is a metre across	向日葵海星长达1米
God makes people do things they are least inclined to do. 	上帝让人们作一些不愿意做的事。 
Certainly responsible of the school to send over a representative to check in on her.	学校还真是负责任啊还派个代表来探访她。
Your hand on my knee. 	你手放在我膝盖上了。 
We want lots of space. Lots and lots of space.	我们要腾出空间留出空地。
Pressing concerns pull mind from task. - task? 	我没心思还有工作要做。- 工作？ 
‘‘There you are. How nice! Dance for me again, please.''	“你在这儿，太好了！再为我跳舞吧，求你！”
Defensive tactics: single, double block of a follow-up heart.	防守战术:单人,双人拦网下的心跟进。
You deserve to get me	你应该很适合我的
Remember when we talked about cujo?	还记得我们谈过《狂犬惊魂记》吗？
Even before laos deferred a decision to build a dam on the lower mekong river, there was also a growing recognition that recent decades of growth had been based on underpricing many resources and especially water and new pollution pricing mechanisms are overdue.	老挝已延后决定是否在湄公河下游修建一座大坝但在此之前，人们就已逐渐认识到，近几十年的发展是建立在许多资源（尤其是水资源）定价过低基础上的，早该出台新的污染定价机制了。
Buries her in the sand.	再把她埋在沙子里。
That, uh, your job involves protecting people,	那，额，你的工作涉及到保护他人，
It's no secret that it's my dream to have my own publishing house.	我想拥有自己的出版社已经不是什么秘密了。
Okay, I just, um - you want some water?.	好的，我只是，嗯—你想喝点水？。
Soapy felt a hand lay on his arm.	苏比觉得有一只手按在他的胳膊上。
And as the evening goes on, 	夜幕降临， 
Is what sponsored and financed his' round - the - world search. 	就供他跑遍全世界找了。 
Smiies are infectious... And the more it costs us, the more precious it is... 	微笑是有感染力的...我们付出越多，它就越宝贵。 
I wasn't gonna tell you this, 	我本不想告诉你的， 
Have you given any thought to how we might proceed? 	你觉得调查应该如何进行呢？ 
I got you temporarily assigned.	我把你临时调过来了。
You know, I deal in yachts -  	你知道我在卖游艇 -  
Never been to Japan 	从未到过日本国 
I didn't have time to observe the rules of the road, Alfred.	我当时没时间遵守交规了艾尔弗雷德。
This is particularly awkward for ubs as the bank recently overhauled its risk management system.	这起事件让瑞银颜面尽失，因为这家银行最近刚刚彻查了其风险管理系统。
Even though san francisco would not be first, its decision to consider making ex-prisoners a protected class has been causing controversy and raising hackles among many conservatives.	旧金山即使不会首先，决定考虑释囚，受保护的类已经引起争议和提高许多保守派之间的愤怒。
Easy, easy. He's really got an eye injury. 	别别他真的是眼睛受伤了。 
My brother was so proud of that boy.	我兄弟总是以这个男孩为荣。
So this is how we look now. 	所以我们现在就长这样了。 
Immigrants happily tooled across a land bridge in search of a better life, immune from denunciation in the daily mail.	移民高兴地使用各种工具跨越大陆桥，寻找更加美好的生活，根本不会理会（现在）《每日邮报》（daily mail）的谴责。
After the financial crash of the late 1990s, asia learnt by heart the imf's catechism of fiscal prudence.	上世纪90年代末的金融危机过后，亚洲对imf信奉财政稳健的准则铭记于心。
A young girl's been kidnapped by an evil cult.	有人用一种魔鬼仪式绑架了一个年轻女孩。
You must ask yourself...	你一定在问自己...
I mean, the action, the glory... 	我是说，这件举动这个荣誉... 
You got anything you wanna say to your girl, 	你对你女朋友还有什么要说的， 
It is just that in guangfeng dialect, ancient voiced fricative onsets have completely devoiced, and ancient voiced stops and affricates ( especially in neutral-tone syllables) have become relatively.	只是广丰方言古全浊擦音声母已经全部清化，古全浊塞音、塞擦音声母（尤其是在轻声音节）相对清化。
We don't have cockroaches here. Well, it landed right on me!	我们这里没蟑螂。好吧，可它就落在我身上！
If you don't want to tell me, just say so. 	如果你不想告诉我，就直说吧。 
Blood and fights are all I've seen since I was a kid.	当我还是一个孩子的时候每天所见的就是血腥和暴力。
Take Gigi wherever you want. "I would trust her with you anywhere. 	带琪琪去那儿都行。" 你和她即便走到天涯海角我都放心。 
Was it in the cupboard or the pantry.	在柜橱还是储藏室里。
You are not taking his side.	你不会是也站在他这边吧。
She's a client!	但那是顾客！
Your father's a very great man.	你父亲是很伟大的人。
Looks like they have a primitive defence to salt water. 	好像它对盐水有种抵抗。 
Wait, Newman. Newman, wait.	等等，纽曼，纽曼，等等。
After eating, or taking medicine?	吃完饭，或吃完药？
I can make it happen you can make it happen? 	我能做到你能做到？ 
All of a sudden. - what the fuck, Sam?	突然之间。搞什么鬼，萨姆？？
If I was you.... 	如果我是你…。 
I have an urgent message from police headquarters. 	从警察总部发来的紧急通知。 
That is possible! Totally possible! 	很有可能！非常可能' 
I think I got that knot out.	我想我把结节弄走了。
It is held that the main reasons that contribute to the economic decline in northern huaihe river area after jin dynasty are the ecological deterioration, war chaos, transference of capitals, and the change of course of canals.	以致金以后淮北社会经济渐而衰落的主要原因是生态环境恶化、战乱、都城移址和运河变迁等。
We do things a little different nowadays. 	我们现在做的事情有一点不同了。 
I wanna take a look at that bullet in your arm.	我想看看你手臂里的那颗子弹。
I love Marilyn. 	我喜欢玛丽莲。 
You'd have absolutely no choice but to let me stay, so... 	你就别无选择只能让我留下，所以... 
I don't know. I'm afraid.	我不知道。我有点怕怕。
Bomber sees it is some kind of prophetic work. 	投炸弹的人把它视为预言书。 
We herewith hand you our draft no.500 on the national bank, ltd, osaka, for$ 1 00000 in favour of messrs. smith& co.	谨寄上以史密斯公司为收款人、面额100000元的大阪市国立银行第500号汇票一张。
You'll end up dead and never open your eyes.	一直到死，都不会再张开眼睛。
It figures with that polecat Lyndon in the white house.	对白宫这些人的做法我并不感到惊奇。
I've come to ask some questions about your property ownership, 	我是来询问你的财产拥有权的。 
I'm  Lung collapsed. 	我来了。肺功能衰竭了。 
Mittal steel, run by an indian expatriate, took over arcelor, europe's biggest steelmaker; the indian stock market hit new heights; more money was raised in new share issues in hong kong than in new york or london and china overtook japan in research spending.	由印度移民运营的米塔尔钢铁（mittal steel），收购了欧洲最大的钢铁制造商阿塞洛（arcelor）；印度股市屡创新高；香港新股发行筹集的资金，超出了纽约或伦敦；而中国在研究支出方面已超越了日本。
The thief stole all the things from the family when they went on a vacation to the sea.	当这家人去海上度假时，小偷偷光了他们家所有的东西。
But always to protect my family.	但都是为了保护我的家庭。
For the moment, therefore, ordinary monetary-policy rules do not apply.	因此，就目前而言，寻常的货币政策规则并不适用。
And he would never do something like this to us. 	他不可能那样对我们的。 
I almost just had a heart attack and died. 	我刚才差点就心脏病发去见上帝了。 
He has his lackey turn up the radio.	就叫他的手下打开收音机。
I said, okay, we got burglarized. Let's just go to the cops.	我说，好吧，我们失窃了。去报警吧。
Uh, our social security payments don't keep pace - 	我们的社保额度跟不上通胀的速度 - 
Congrats. Always knew you were the brains of the bunch. 	恭喜啊。我一直知道你在那一堆里是最聪明的。 
so she...	她们...
It's wonderful to hear.	听见这个真好。
Orphan class? Chinese have this rule:	孤儿？中国有个政策：
We have less than two hours to stop a massacre 	我们只有不到两小时来阻止 
These people, typically senior engineers, get suspicious when experts seem to evade their question.	而上述的这些人，主要是高级工程师，当遇到专家对其问题避而不答时，就会疑窦顿生。
So I'm dead. But can I really blame Lily? 	所以我死了。但是我能真的责备莉莉吗？ 
I really do need to talk to you.	我真得和你谈谈。
Ah... Rescued by outlaws. Quelle surprise! 	啊... 逃犯来救人了。好奇怪呀！ 
In this very lab, around 30 years ago.	30年前，做的试验一样。
I'm working on the acid rain problem. 	我在研究酸雨问题。 
Went right to hangover. 	喝醉的滋味可不好受。 
I'm happy to pay for it.	我可以付钱的。
I win the game of life.	我赢得了人生游戏的胜利。
Group therapy for kids, when am I going to get used to that? 	儿童群体疗法，不晓得我到什么时候才会习惯？ 
A team of over 700 fabric specialists 	七百多名编织好手组成的团队 
Is there anything to show whether it was an accident 	有没有任何迹象表明这究竟是一场事故， 
What's he doing? That's enough!	他要干什么呀？够了！
And if I knew who that was, 	如果我能知道这位是什么人， 
Can I at least take a shower? Yeah, I need to shave. 	我洗个澡总行吧？好啊，我也得刮胡子了。 
She keeps sending me sample wedding invitations.	她不停发我婚礼邀请函的样本。
Out on her.	她的身上。
Ah. That's mine.	啊。那是我的。
Discuss the new change of capitalist fundamental contradiction.	论资本主义基本矛盾的新变化。
What'll get him killed is an escaped murderer with a loaded firearm.	会使他丧命的是一个枪已上膛的在逃谋杀犯。
It's hot, Vinz. What? 	太酷了，文斯。什么？ 
What are you doing? I'm going for a walk.	你要做什么？我要去散步。
You hear me? Send a raven and put an end to it.	听到没？派只渡鸦去结束这场闹剧。
He came from reviling jesus to testifying for jesus all in a very short period of time.	在很短的时间里,他从"辱骂耶稣"转变成"为耶稣作见证"。
The money always brings' em around.	但都抵抗不住钱的诱惑。
It's across the island... A place you've never seen.	在岛的另外一端... 你从来没见过的地方。
Senator, thanks for everything. 	参议员，感谢您做的一切。 
Systems with regular planetary spacings then turn out to have the greatest long-term stability, so that they can be observed today.	有规则行星空间的体系在长期稳定性上也最好，这也使它们能被今天的我们观察到。
We just don't have the guts to admit - 	我们只是没种承认 -  
Attempting to provoke or prepare for a war.	企图激发或者直接发起一场战争。
And fry sticks are the new date rape drug of new york city.	而"油煎棍"成为纽约市新的约会强暴丸。
He dropped it and I gave it back to him. 	他掉了我还给了他。 
There was no danger at all.	似乎根本没有危险。
There's no holding her down, frothing at the mouth.	不会把她五花大绑嘴角吐白沫的。
That's what my mama said, but I still believe in ghosts. 	我妈妈就是那么说的，但我仍相信有鬼魂。 
I wanna see how it works.	我想看看它是怎么运转的。
Look, my sister's dating the guy who owns the Bentley.	宾利车是我姐姐男朋友的。
I have your britches ready. 	我把你的裤子缝好了。 
You're gonna? You dropped this.	你要 ？你掉了东西。
Did I wake you? Nah. 	我吵醒你了吗？没。 
Scancom plans to double output again over the next two years by bringing in more advanced machinery, such as drilling and sanding robots that can do the work of 50 people under the supervision of just one.	该公司计划在未来两年通过引入更先进的机械，将人均产值再扩大一倍，例如引进钻探和砂磨机器人，可以在一个人的监督下完成50个人的工作。
Do you see anyone underneath me acting up?	你看我手下哪个敢顶撞我？
The financial performance of the mill that creates this fabric on the other hand is far from stellar.	这家生产织品的工厂的财务表现，从另一方面来看，离一流还差得远。
Through discuss the dimension notion and the the basic theories of dimensional analysis, use the example explained the dimensional analysis in the electromagne theory, and point out the dimensional theory analyse concrete problem to needs the problem of the consideration.	摘要通过对量纲概念及量纲分析基本理论的分析讨论，用实例解释了量纲分析在电磁理论中的应用，并指出应用量纲理论分析具体问题时需考虑的因素。
her story holds up. 	她的推断站的住脚。 
Or whatever he wants to call himself didn't come to his rescue.	或者随便什么吧反正他没有赶来救援。
Great, we're talking. I'll be back. 	好，开始说话了就好。我一会儿回来。 
Found a boy about three years of age wandering in the battlefield.	在战场上找到一个3岁大的小孩。
Not one soldier or horse has moved yet 	一车一马未动 
Walked out of my life two daysbeforedays before my seventh birthday.	在我7岁生日的前两天从我的生活里彻底消失了。
She didn't drive. She did everything right.	她没有开车。她循规蹈矩。
Yes. Grandfather Nicholas. 	是的，尼古拉斯爷爷。 
They don't let us put everything down. 	他们不让我们把什么都写下来。 
The point is that Doric ones have to support quite a lot, 	关键在于多利安柱得支撑大量的重量 
As you know, there's not much room on the station. 	你们知道的站上的空间不多。 
Because you made it with your own hands.	因为你是自己做出来的。
After putting the locket around the mother's neck.	把挂坠挂在母亲的脖子上之后。
Between asceticism and indulgence men and races swing.	人们及各种族总是在禁欲主义和放荡形骸之间徘徊。
The misery of his loneliness was now compounded by his poverty.	贫穷使他的孤苦雪上加霜。
Many are asking, "can china's domestic consumption replace its dependency on big buyers like walmart?"	很多人质疑：中国国内消费需求能够取代对沃尔玛等国外大买家的依赖吗？
A patient sends you this. 	他们中的一个给了我这个。 
Exposure in humans can cause significant kidney and lung damage.	人体暴露在镉元素下会对肾脏和肺产生严重损害。
Hey, what's wrong with this guy, anyway? 	嘿，这家伙究竟是什么状况？ 
Let's get out of here, dude.	快离开这儿，老兄。
Why should I answer it? 	为什么我要回答这个问题呢？ 
She asked me to stay until I've seen you read it. 	她要求我在这里看到你读完为止。 
Jesus, funke! What the hell are you doing in my car!	天芬奇！你他妈在我车里干嘛！
Exquisite gables living: enclave of 20 unique european-style private villas.	精美的山墙生活：20独特的欧洲风格的私人别墅飞地。
You're still in advertising? Yes. They won't let me go. 	你还在从事广告工作吗？是的他们不让我走。 
She getting morning sickness yet?	开始晨吐了？
Am I that man? 	我是那个人吗？ 
Let's just leave the two ladies to discuss their business. 	我们先走吧这两位女士要商量事情了。 
We all want to survive,	我们都想活命，
You have to Kill it. 	你得杀了它。 
Oren lied to me. 	奥伦对我撒了谎。 
Government spokesmen said mr brito was mentally ill and needed to be detained for his own protection.	政府发言人辩解道，布里托身患精神疾病，拘留急需治疗。
But Marcello got what he deserved.	但马塞罗也是活该。
Because it is easier... 	因为她可以更容易… 
Levin sat there, an expression of sadness on his face.	莱文坐在那里，神情悲伤。
Just the same way that strontium - 90 was detectable in rainwater.	就跟锶90可在雨水中检测到道理一样。
Oh, I thought I'd told you. Two months ago. 	噢，我告诉过你啊。两个月前了。 
Blubbing, but I mean it, I'd much rather know. 	忍不住想哭，但我宁愿知道。 
And keep our country free.	为保卫国家的自由。
Size spectrum is critically affected by omnivorous and detritivorous feeding in plankton food webs.	浮游食物网中跨营养阶层摄食行为对於体型大小频谱之影响。
Lamb saddle rolled with wild mushroom and bean curd sheet, pickled mustard leaf puree and lamb jus.	烤羔羊背脊卷野菇豆皮，芥菜泥与肉汁。
Certainly shechem son of hamor is guilty.	当然，哈抹的儿子示剑确实有罪。
You guys,I'm locked out.Do something.	伙计们，我被锁在外面了。帮帮忙啊。
But congress keeps extending it, and it is now scheduled to expire in 2031.	但是，国会一直在延长它的使用期限，目前，该法规计划于2031年失效。
And apparently, the money was pouring in.	显然，收入非常可观。
No, it's mine! I'm older!	不是，我的我比你大！
Just because they're classy doesn't mean they're not still whores.	她们很标致不代表她们不是妓女。
I've been down this road before. 	我之前走过这条路。 
Taking heilongjiang bayi agricultural university as an example, the landscape specialty construction in agricultural university are expounded.	以黑龙江八一农垦大学为例，阐述了农业院校园林专业的建设问题。
They can also have the perverse effect of retarding trade by discriminating against non-members. But some trade expansion is preferable to none.	它们还可能由于歧视非成员国而产生阻碍贸易的不利影响，但某种程度的贸易扩张总好过原地踏步。
Primary surgeon.	才初级医生啊
Mr zhao argues that few passenger trains will actually be taken off existing tracks, because they cannot run on the new high-speed lines and the government is not going to scrap all those old carriages.	赵坚辩称，事实上，几乎不会有客运列车会从现有轨道上撤下，因为它们无法在新型高铁线路上运行，而政府也不会报废所有这些旧列车。
The drive by franco frattini, eu justice commissioner, reflects concerns about the entry of hundreds of thousands of foreigners into europe's shadow economy each year.	此项草案由欧盟司法委员佛朗科佛拉蒂尼（franco frattini）提出，反映出人们对于每年数十万名外国人进入欧洲“影子经济”的担忧。
You look so beautiful. I love that dress. 	你好漂亮，我喜欢那套衣服。 
To be making a personal appearance. 	去进行个人的露面。 
The dog ran at the visitor and bit him.	这条狗向来访者冲过去并咬了他。
don't twist my words, Larry. 	别打岔，拉里。 
Live, damn it. 	活下去，我靠！ 
I can take myself off call. 	我可以申请不出任务。 
You're proposing for the sensor array.	关于探测阵列的方案。
You've been saying that death isn't the end.	你一直说死亡并不是终结。
Because you surround yourself with masochists. 	因为你的身旁都是被动性爱者。 
To release the energy inside it, scientists must first untangle the molecular knot that evolution has created.	为了把蕴藏其中的能量释放出来，科学家必须打开进化过程中形成的这一个个分子节点。
We've never had food companies this big 	历史上从来没有过规模这么庞大的食品公司 
don't look so worried. I won't tell him this discussion took place. 	别担心。这件事我不会告诉他。 
As Long as you Live in my house there are certain rules	你只要住在我家时你就得遵守
Yeah, it's me. all right 'you got clicks? Anything? 	是的，是我。好的，你发现什么了吗？ 
School, exchange programs, graduate school, kibbutz, anything. 	学校，交换生计划，毕业学校，集体农场，任何地方。 
But even I would've dialed 9-1-1. 	但是也知道发现案情要报警。 
Could they tell us about young ayesha and her elephant husband of 50?	她们能告诉我关于小阿伊莎和她的50岁的大象丈夫的事情吗？
Oh, my God. OK... 	哦，天哪。好了... 
I wouldn't want to melt my own head... Again. 	我可不想再一次把自己的脑袋熔掉。 
Safe deposit box number of safes limited. 	保险箱，保管箱数量有限制。 
You gotta be joking . A great star like you, you must have dozens of' em lined up.	开玩笑，像你这样的大明星一定有一堆的电影等着你。
An ancient greek city in the northeast peloponnesus that flourished during the bronze age as the center of an early civilization. It was the legendary capital of agamemnon.	迈锡尼伯罗奔尼撒半岛东北部的古希腊城市，在青铜器时期作为一个早期文化中心繁荣一时。它是阿伽门农的传奇式首府。
Offenders could face maximum fines of 10 times the value of sold products.	违法者将面临最高为所售产品价值10倍的罚款。
Dr davy confidently bats away some obvious doubts about the results.	davy自信地打消了关于试验结果的一些明显的疑虑。
Ppr, a french holding company which owns gucci and several retail chains, has already declared that it will be adversely affected by its hedging policy, for example.	比如说，拥有古奇和几家零售连锁店的法国ppr集团已经宣布，将会受到自身风险规避政策的不利影响。
When did he start building it? 	他什么时候开始做这东西的？ 
The workers enjoy a full and varied cultural life.	工人们的文化生活丰富多采。
For saving its honor, as well as the honor... 	感谢你挽救了这个戏院，和它的声誉... 
Excuse me. Got a hair ball, Kitty?	不好意思。是不是卡住了，小猫咪？
They didn't want them to bleed out. 	他们不想受害人大出血。 
Does anybody really know what the natural order is anymore?	有人能确定什么是真正的自然规律吗？
Kate and I will take the first shift, you and McGee relieve us at 1900. 	凯特跟我值第一班，你跟麦基晚上七点来接替。 
Am I supposed to be shocked? Am I supposed to run away crying? 	我是不是应该很震惊？是不是应该大哭着跑出去？ 
Oh yeah, take that! We burned you! 	哦，是的，拿着！我们把你们毁灭了！ 
And I know it's good for him to let loose a little. 	我也知道让他放松一点是好事。 
You come to Moscow after all. 	你还是来莫斯科了。 
What, from Carl? No. 'Vince'. 	什么，卡尔发的？不是，“文森”。 
Research based on opinion polls documents the differences between middle-class and working-class attitudes.	基于观点问卷调查的研究证明了中产阶级和工人阶级态度的不同。
2.00 mile(s) from Wal-mart 	距离沃尔玛 2.00 英里 
Scotch in North Dakota instead of knitting a scarf in Alaska? 	北达科他品着苏格兰酒而不是在阿拉斯加织围巾？ 
Great, now, now, nobody's staying?	好吧，那，那，谁也不留下了？
Moreover, many tech investors and web entrepreneurs believe they are more likely to get the best price for their equity from public offerings rather than private deals.	另外，许多技术投资者和网络企业家相信，他们更可能从公开招股而不是私人交易中以最优价格购得股票。
And go on a wilderness expedition. 	去荒野探险呢。 
He really knows how to spread it around, doesn't he? 	他很明白怎么能传播这件事情，不是吗？ 
You are just so great. 	你太出类拔萃了。 
Poor kid. Yeah, but Rico's wreath beat them all.	可怜的孩子。是啊，但是瑞可送的花圈压过所有人。
Yes. This is what I needed. 	是的。这就是我想要的。 
Aw, I stepped in it.	啊，我踩着了。
Just how much sushi - grade yellowtail has to be ruined by a power outage 	停电得毁掉多少寿司级石首鱼 
With Poway and Scripps Business Districts close by the BEST WESTERN Poway/San Diego Hotel is an ideal location for the business traveler. 	波威及斯克利普斯商务区就在贝斯特韦斯特波威/圣地亚哥酒店附近，是商务旅客的理想去处。 
I just got a daughter. Congratulations. 	我刚有了个女儿。恭喜啊 
I came here fully prepared to be vetted by an expert.	我来这儿是做好了准备接受专家的审查。
I know what you're doing right now... 	我知道你刚才在做什么...... 
Unless, of course, you're sheryl sandberg.	当然，除非你是谢莉尔•桑德伯格。
You needn't believe me 	我不需要你相信我 
He could not tell what was behind that smile of hers---passionate aching or only some ideal, some chaste and glacial intangibility.	他说不上她的笑里藏的是些什么---多情的苦恼，或者只是一种理想，一种冰清玉洁的幻想。
Okay, so sometimes change can be incremental.	好啦，有时改变是逐渐发生的。
They are our poles, or antipodes.	他们是我们的极点,或对跖点.
Wordplay. That is solid.	一语双关。够水平。
But if we find it, we'll have leverage 	但是我们一旦找到的话我们会有办法 
Designing interface for each discipline and construction method and technical measures for interconnection.	设计各专业的接口及相互衔接的施工方法和技术措施。
Because you can stand out there like a carnival Barker 	因为你可以站在那里好像嘉年华商贩一样 
The instrument right as referred to in this law denotes the right of the bearer to claim the specified amount in payment from the debtor including the right to claim for payment and the right of recourse.	本法所称票据权利，是指持票人向票据债务人请求支付票据金额的权利，包括付款请求权和追索权。
They carry nutrients and oxygen around the world's oceans.	它们可以带来滋养生命的养分和氧气。
I'll have to pick that up later.	我待会儿就得捡那个了。
He's with Whitaker in Tangier.	他跟惠特克在丹吉尔。
Can I have a hug before I go?	在我走之前不来个拥抱吗？
Pulmonary fibrosis, for example, stiffens the lungs, eventually suffocating patients unless they receive a lung transplant.	例如，肺的纤维化，使肺部变硬，患者除非接受肺移植，否则最终窒息而死。
Any anxiety? You put something in my wine. 	你感到忧虑吗？你在我的酒里放了东西。 
The man has a plane thatch. 	别耽误人家赶飞机。 
Just wanted to make sure what time you'd be home -  	只想确认一下你什么时候在家 - 
I look at her picturesall day long. 	我整天都在看她的照片。 
If their parents come from the city, it is probable that they were awarded their government flat in the housing reforms of the late 1990s, giving them a foothold in the property market.	假如他们的父母是城里人，那么他们很可能在上世纪90年代末的住房改革中分到了房子，这让他们在住宅市场里有了立足之地。
Oh, right. That's the heart of the matter 	哦，对了，那才是问题的关键 
Who cares if she does? 	即使她讨厌你又怎么样？ 
I'm in a special section... 	我在一个特殊的群体中... 
Until then, you'd do better not to try and join me. 	在那之前，你最好不要去找我。 
I'm currently fascinated by south america.	我现在对南美洲非常着迷。
Yeah, it's really hot. 	是啊，烫死了。 
Yeah. About a thousand years ago, and it flopped.	是吗？很久以前的事了，以失败告终。
The farmer covered for the soldiers.	这农夫为战士们做掩护。
Will one-half be damned the other half saved?	将其中一半被该死，另一半得救？
Protesters gather outside the presidential palace in new delhi, on december 22, 2012.	2012年12月22日，抗议者聚集在新德里总统府外。
Do not thank me. I am thanking you. 	别谢我。我正在谢你。 
Yes, your papers seem to be in order. 	是的，你们的文件好像都整理好了。 
What is it? What are you hiding?	怎么了？你在藏着什么？
You were in Smallville the day of the meteor shower? 	流星雨那天你在斯莫维尔？ 
Yes! It's over! It's over! 	太棒了！结束了！结束了！ 
We know they're lying to each other, 	我知道他们依靠对方， 
Stay in our comfortable mobility accessible king room with a spacious bathroom equipped with a tub and flexible hand held shower head. 	入住我们带宽敞浴室的舒适的无障碍专用特大床房，房内配有浴缸和灵活的手持式淋浴头。 
These figures actually show the slowdown in the fourth quarter of last year was even sharper than most outside economists had believed.	文中的数据实际上显示出，中国去年第四季度经济增速的放缓程度甚至比大多数外部经济学家认为的更加严重。
And directs a sentence of six months in county jail.	宣判你在县监狱服刑六个月。
But you can't get him to where he dreads making mistakes.	但你不能让它觉得害怕犯错。
You know what you can do?	你知道你能做什么吗？
During all this, at the trailer, the drive to iron city... 	在所有这期间，在车房里，在驱车来铁城的路上。。。 
Good job. Want to go to the kitchen?	做得好啊。想去厨房吗？
,, she was really kind and nice.,,	“她真的很仁慈和善良。”，
Help her with the transfers. 	帮她整理资料。 
What virtue is so perfect that it does not have detractors? 	什么美德能完美到没有诽谤者呢？ 
He won't see you. 	他不会见你的。 
If every household in the united state replaced one regular lightbulb with one of those new compact fluorescent bulbs, the pollution reduction would be equivalent to removing one million cars from the road.	如果每个美国家庭都把他们家的一个白炽灯泡换成节能灯，那么其减少的污染等效于使公路上减少一百万辆汽车。
I want my money back for the gift.	我想把我买礼物出的钱要回来。
Well, today's not...	可是，今天不是…
When does it go up? Tonight, midnight, our time.	它何时会发射？日本时间，今天半夜。
I mean, I don't get it! What do men want? 	我是说，我不懂！男人到底要什么？ 
They wolf-whistled at me, and I was so embarrassed I tripped up.	他们吹口哨挑逗我，我窘迫之下绊了一跤。
So? If somebody found it, it's no good. 	丢卡？如果被人捡去可就糟了。 
(ii) The fighting in Kisangani between Ugandan and Rwandan forces, most recently in May and June 2000, which resulted in many civilian victims;	㈡ 乌干达和卢旺达部队在基桑加尼的战事，最近战事发生于2000年5月和6月，使许多平民受害；
As far as numerological significance goes, 	从命理学上来看， 
I would crush those geeks with every beta muscle in my body. 	我将用我身上每块贝塔肌肉打倒那帮呆子。 
His poems participate of the nature of lampoon.	他的诗带有讽刺性。
Older sister 	姐姐 
Eating cheeseburgers at 4:00 in the morning. God...	凌晨4:00去买汉堡。上帝…
Where's Catherine? Where's Catherine? 	凯瑟琳在哪？凯瑟琳在哪？ 
Like it or not, you're all in this pot. 	喜欢与否，情况就是这样。 
What, grade school was a blur? I guess so.	怎么，小学的事情都忘了啊？好像是。
It's the end of the road. - it was disappointing at the moment,	你的美偶之旅结束了- 当时我很失望，
You know, most of the stars that we see are already dead.	你知道我们看到得大部分星星其实都已经消亡了。
This language is fairly popular among young netizens who on one hand would like to demonstrate their independent personality, on the other hand, want to keep some privacy from their teachers and parents.	“脑残体”这种语言在年青网民中特殊受欢送，因为这种语言一方面能够彰显他们的个性，同时还可以辅助他们在老师跟家长眼前维护自己的隐衷。
But a good detective learns the most when he doesn't get the bad guy.	可是一个好侦探在破不了案时成长更多。
She's smoked like a chimney since she was 1 4.	她从14岁就抽的像个烟囱。
The writing thing was kind of an accident. 	写作这个算是意外吧。 
Yes. Exactly where it happened. 	是的。就是灾难发生的地方。 
When we hear that "ding" sound, we salivate until we discover the juicy morsel that awaits us in that text message or email.	当我们听到“叮”的一声的时候，我们就会不自觉得分泌唾液直至发现那些多汁的美味佳肴还在下个信息或邮件里等着我们。
Now somehow, you've managed to slip the murder weapon into your victim's casket prior to his burial.	现在，你又把凶手用过的枪在受害者下葬之前放到他的棺材里。
After you ran into the French woman, 	从法国女人那回来时， 
We have to teach a philosophical concept based essentially on a human experience	我们教哲学的概念主要基于人类的经历
The woman had already bent over and scooped molly up into her arms.	那女士早已弯身把莫利抱在了怀里。
Nice recommendation. 	很好的推荐。 
Pockets of very heavy rain-600 or more millimeters ( 24 or more inches)-occur roughly 250 kilometers inland, near taiwan in the east and the vietnam border in the southwest.	滂沱大雨降雨量达到600毫米（24英寸）以上发生的地点位于深入内陆大约250公里，东部临近台湾，西南部靠近越南的边界处。
Hooting in the trees 	在树丛中叫嚣 
Even with all your riches, 	即使你有那么多的财富， 
Wow, it just - 	喔，这个- 
National and local officials are allowed to decide after material has been published whether it is a state secret, and those determinations cannot be legally challenged.	国家和地方官员可在相关信息发布后决定其是否属於国家秘密，而且没有法律途径可对这些决定提出质疑。
Well, how do they work? Is that creamed spinach? 	原理是什么？那是菠菜奶油汤吗？ 
In the rose garden. Full press, no questions.	在玫瑰花园。全体媒体出席不准提问。
Pipe down, I can't hear. Out of my bed, now! 	别闹，我都听不见电视的声音了起来，快点！ 
As the highest incidence area of malignant tumor in china, the death rate of malignant tumor in gansu province ranks the top place in the state, and in recent years it takes on a growing tendency, particulary lung cancer and liver cancer, which have the largest number of new patients.	甘肃省作为我国恶性肿瘤高发地区，恶性肿瘤死亡率高居全国第1位，且近年来呈明显上升趋势，尤其以肺癌和肝癌新增患者最多。
What happened? She was at the window.	怎么回事？她在窗户旁。
Tango - tango in position. 	探戈已就位。 
A lot of designers are talking about how 	很多设计师都在抱怨 
And a decent employer. 	是个正派的雇主。 
hey  - hello? 	嘿- 喂？ 
Conclusions: streptococcus viridans is the main pathogenic bacteria causing infections in children's eyes. According to drug susceptibility test results, the drug of first choice is fluoroquinolones eye drops to treat streptococcus viridans eye infection.	结论：草绿色链球菌是眼部感染的主要致病菌之一，根据药敏试验结果，喹诺酮类滴眼液可作为治疗草绿色链球菌眼部感染的首选药物。
You really are the worst getaway driver in the business, aren't you?	你真是最差的逃犯司机，是吧？
How long does it take for him to arrange?	他要多久能打点好？
But you have lovely breasts. 	但是你的胸很美。 
The immediate focus will be on the horse race: can he win?	最近的焦点集中在赛马比赛上：他会赢吗？
Dude,enough.	伙计，够了。
Don't fawn; approach them as equals or, at least, as potential mentors.	不要讨好；平等地接近他们，至少，作为一个潜在的顾问。
We spent months investigating gearing. 	我们花了数月调查吉尔林。 
Experts have since found... 	专家们已经发现。 
Stop me if you already know this,	如你知道了就别让我说了，
I'm on the Conn. I have a grenade. 	我在指挥台拿着手雷。 
Cultural hybridity: cultural composition of contemporary ethnic literature in china.	"文化混血":中国当代少数民族文学文化构成论。
And my hand it just you know disembodied.	我的手像是没有了一样。
Yes, let's talk about cars. 	好，我们来谈车。 
Absolutely terrific. 	唱的很好。 
Raise your kid like that!	孩子就那样被带大！
He was very lucid when l talked to him. 	当我和他说话的时候他非常清楚。 
...a more meritocratic society.	更加重视人才的社会
I came here to tell you that I think	我来这里是想告诉你我觉得
Then there is nothing wrong with your remote. 	所以说遥控器没问题。 
I never realized there was such a method to your madness. 	我从没想到你是在装疯卖傻。 
Those look like bloody footprints. 	好像是染血的脚印。 
More are likely to. Property prices have not yet fallen as far as in ireland, the euro zone's other housing black spot. Investors fear that the state will be called on to recapitalise spain's banks.	还有更多方面也是如此，虽然目前房产价格还未跌落到爱尔兰，这位西班牙的难兄难弟的水平，但投资者担心西班牙政府将会对其银行业进行资产重组。
I'm gonna be six years old again.	我又变成一个6岁的小孩。
I mean, you need to put people on your jury that are going to vote for you. 	你得让愿意投你的人做陪审啊 
Although there are some States and some counties that now demand that you need to be nineteen years old. 	不过，有些州、县现在要求满19岁才可以。 
Someone drove this stake through his heart.	有人将这个刺进了他的心脏。
Pool would be empty. 	泳池里没有人。 
He has a lot of feelings - 	他很有感觉... 
He didn't do it. What?	不是他。什么？
Yeah, it's good. How much was it? 	是的，很好。多少钱？ 
Of a piece of debris found at the disaster site.	在破坏现场找到的那东西就是这个结构。
He says antoine's sending appraisers to come look at our property.	他说安托万叫了评估师来看我们的财产。
Guest laundry, coin operated and dry-cleaning services 	洗衣房，提供投币式服务和干洗服务。 
Charlie's Restaurant & Lounge is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 	查理餐厅&酒吧供应早餐、午餐和晚餐。 
She's here on business and wants to see me.	她来出差顺便想看我。
I just wanna get it over with.	我只想让它赶快过去。
Spit it out. Come on. Hello?	吐出来，快点。喂？
But that would have been, like, years ago. 	但是即使发现了这也过去好多年了啊 
Over the weekend, shanghai's official consumer watchdog agency ordered davinci to stop selling items bearing the label of the italian brand cappelletti, because of "fake ads" and "unqualified labels," according to shanghai daily, the local english-language newspaper.	据当地的英文报纸《上海日报》的报道，事发周末，上海消费者权益保护协会责令达芬奇立即停止销售冠有意大利品牌cappelletti的商品，原因是做“虚假广告”和销售“不合格产品”。
8 kilometer(s) from Bois de Vincennes, hiking 	距文森森林远足路径 8 公里 
He was instrumental in the invasions of panama and grenada.	他曾在攻打巴拿马和格林纳达时起过重要作用。
Blue sky, white clouds, is the terrible horrible weather for storm chasers.	蓝天白云对于风暴猎星们来说是最可怕的天气了。
She must be a saint.	她一定是个圣徒。
Billy did pills, smoked pot	比利服兴奋剂，抽大麻烟偶尔来点可卡因
Put 'em down! We're cops! 	把枪放下！后退！ 
You expect him to give it up for you? 	你希望他会轻易告诉你？ 
A lot of pain and cursing.	会造成很多痛苦很多灾难。
There is no time to answer the questions this raises why are dreams good for hedgies?	没有时间回答由此引出的问题为什么梦对于对冲基金老板是好的？
An expanded continental breakfast including: sausage, egg patties, fresh fruit, English muffins, bagels, muffins, biscuits, eight cold cereals, yogurt, milk and juice. 	丰盛欧式早餐包括：香肠、鸡蛋馅儿饼、新鲜水果、百吉饼、英式松饼、饼干、八种不同的冷谷类食品、酸奶、牛奶和果汁。 
Our agenda underwent a rapid change after the chairman's resignation.	主席辞职后，我们的议事项目迅即做出变动。
Across the equator in the southern hemisphere, there are forests that mirror those of the North. 	穿越赤道来到南半球，这里的森林如同北半球的翻版。 
You really put your foot in it this time. 	你这回真把事搞大了。 
I'm just gonna put this down over here.	我把东西放在这。
Sure, everybody would go to one Santa. 	当然了，只能存在一个圣诞老人。 
I know what science is, 	我知道科学是什么， 
So, you know, the light was clearly green.	你知道吗，那个灯明明是绿的。
This raised trade barriers in the us and set off a flurry of tit-for-tat retaliation around the world.	这提高了美国的贸易壁垒，并在世界各地引发了一波针锋相对的报复行动。
I have my dessert first. 	我要先吃甜点。 
They like to contrast apple's p/ e ratio to amazon's ( amzn).	他们喜欢把苹果的市盈率与亚马逊（Amazon）进行比较。
Is there any history of drug use? No.	她有吸毒史吗？没有。
Hey, park in that handicapped spot. 	嘿，停在残疾人停车位。 
Scavenger hunt? 	去寻宝了吗？ 
I turned my phone off after the fight. I was upset. I came as soon as I heard.	吵架后我关掉了手机。心情郁闷。可一听到消息我就赶来了。
You have to sleep on the floor tonight?	你们今天晚上不是要睡地上？
Eleven. Eleven. OK. 	十一岁。好吧，十一岁。 
Killing and robbing our people in the name of your bank.	借着你银行的名义屠杀并掠夺我们人民的暴行已经结束了。
I've gotten higher than you have in two years. 	我就比你干了两年的职务还高。 
Would the olden day cops let that be a mystery? 	从前的警察会搁置案件吗？ 
So you got 3 hours of training Max in a day. 	所以每天最多训练三个小时。 
Start the day off right with a complimentary continental breakfast. For added comfort and convenience, this Mineola hotel offers free guest parking and features an outdoor swimming pool, hot tub, a fully equipped exercise facility and business center. 	开始新的一天从免费的欧式早餐开始。为了增加舒适性和便利性，米里奥拉酒店为客人提供免费停车场，并设有一个室外游泳池、热水浴缸、一个设备齐全的健身房和商务中心。 
In its report, the house panel absolved u.s. consulting companies of any responsibility for enabling huawei's alleged practices.	众议院情报委员会的报告没有说美国咨询公司对于帮助华为从事受指控行为负有责任。
I thought I encouraged you to question. You're not questioning. 	我以为我鼓励你们提出疑问。你不是在提出疑问。 
You want me to ask my mom for the car... 	你想让我问我妈妈要车... 
I just... I don't think it's fair 	我就是... 觉得不公平 
It felt like, uh - it felt like Russell Crowe.	就象是，哎-就象是拉塞尔克罗。
He's created this whole new world	他要建立一个新世界
It is a blend of indian and sri lankan black teas, flavoured with oil of bergamot.	其成分是印度和斯里兰卡红茶，以佛手柑油调味。
I was ameless about it, 	我毫不羞愧， 
Doesn't work out here, does it? 	在这里没有信号，是不是？ 
Not easy losing a partner, is it? 	失去搭档，不好受吧？ 
A city of central indiana north-northwest of indianapolis. It is a trade and processing center. Population, 15168.	法兰克福美国印第安纳州中部一城市，位于印第安纳波利斯的西北偏北。是贸易和加工中心。人口15168。
They like the anonymity of the currency.	他们喜欢这种货币的匿名性。
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.	我无法给你一个稳当成功的定则，但是我可以给你一个失败的定则：试著随时去讨好每一个人。
Not as mad as when Rudi tells him it was attached to the boat.	当鲁迪告诉他船也丢了的话他会更生气。
I doubt that he could have gotten very far.	他走不远。
We were able to dissolve our marriages without any of that awful stuff. 	我们能结束婚姻，却不用经历那些糟糕的事情。 
She knows me. She loves me.	她了解我。她爱我。
And it's amplified, and it goes through a mixing desk down here, 	竖琴被放大，并通过一个混合桌， 
Our duty to your honor.	我们将效忠于您。
Listen, Charlotte,	听着，夏绿蒂，
No. You know what? I was gonna surprise you guys, 	你们知道吗？我本来准备给你们一个惊喜， 
You told me this would be fun!	你告诉我这会很有意思！
It's pretty easy. 	很是简单。 
Our customers have been waiting for a new gs that's more intense in every way, 'lexus boss mark templin said. "	雷克萨斯的老板马克•坦普林称：‘我们的客户一直在期盼一款在各方面都更加热烈的新雷克萨斯GS轿车。’”
You’re into a Iand - grab scam, Sam.	你在掠夺，山姆。
I'd much rather you stayed and talked to me. 	我更希望你陪我说说话。 
Public spending is on average 10 212 per head.	公共支出平均来说每人10212英镑。
I gave him some food, but he wouldn't touch it.	我给他一些吃的，不过他碰都不碰。
I'd try to take out the competition, too... 	我也会消灭竞争对手的... 
Your unit took him out? That's right.	你的组织抓到了他对。
We were discommoded by his late arrival.	他的迟到给我们添了麻烦。
He was supposed to be doing his book report. 	他应该做读书报告的。 
I'm going to take these handcuffs here... 	我要拿着这些手铐... 
I guess it's dinner time. I ought to set the table.	晚餐时间到了。我去摆桌子。
Yeah, I'll fix you. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.	好吧，别怪我等等，等等。
I was actually hoping 	我确实希望 
You need to be getting regular checkups. 	你就需要做常规体检。 
Try to help out in this adventure! 	帮什么忙！ 
Okay, I'll be honest. This is only the second time I've ever fired this.	好吧，我老实说。这是我第二次开枪。
Good place, huh? 	不错的地方，对吧？ 
Show me the way out of this prince castle!	告诉我怎么走出这个城堡！
We have to think about aesthetics and proportions as a result of considered construction.	我们必须将美感和比例视为一个经过深思熟虑的构建的结果。
If you scrap your knee or y 'know, get your head blown off.	或者被轰掉脑袋，都不能起诉。
To resample a picture, you must first make the picture bigger or smaller.	若要对图片重新取样，首先必须将图片变大或变小。
My lawyer tells me I got to do this.	我的律师告诉我要这么做。
You were looking at that girl. 	你刚才在看那个女的。 
Because I'm obsessed with you. 	因为你让我这么着迷。 
I don't want people thinking I condone this face. 	我不想别人觉得我对不起这张脸。 
He mipped off the end of his cigar with a silvet cutter.	他用一把银质切刀削去雪茄头。
We're gonna have to ask you some questions.	我们要问您一些问题。
I am leaving. I have finally - 	我要走了。我终于- 
We got to move. - wait.	咱们得行动了。- 等等。
Come on, you're with me. 	快点你跟我去。 
Okay, just a couple more questions. 	好吧，还有一些问题。 
A doctor of philosophy. A doctor of English literature. 	哲学博士。英国文学博士 
Artists are always putting their names on shit.	艺术家往往把自己的名字印在一些不值钱的玩意上。
So, uh, what is it they say? One man's trash is another man's...	所以，呃，怎么说来着？某人的垃圾就是另外一个人的...
Because of me, you lost the seal 	为了我你把玉玺都弄丢啦 
Hey, I was afraid I was going to miss you. 	嘿，我想我会想你的。 
But greece may not sign on the dotted line until israel has agreed with lebanon and cyprus on where a border is to be drawn in the sea, demarcating each country's economic exclusion zone.	可是希腊似乎没有全盘接受以色列，只有当以色列同意黎巴嫩和塞浦路斯的边境以海为界，并划出各国的经济专属区。
Do you like the story of "like a cinderella" or "snow white"?	喜欢牛郎织女的故事还是喜欢鹊桥仙的故事？
Flag on the play. What's that mean? 	旗帜飘扬了什么意思？ 
I told you I'd save your creepy boyfriend!	我说了我会救你的恐怖男友！
That acts of genocide are being committed in Venezuela. 	是完全错误的。 
A small, dense object only twelve miles in diameter is responsible for this beautiful x-ray nebula that spans 150 light years.	一个直径只有12英里的小而致密的星体产生了这个跨越了150光年的美丽的x射线星云。
I'd love to, but I'm a little waitress out.	我很想去，不过还有工作。
Two coronal cells are attached to the zona pellicuda.	两个红色冠细胞粘贴在透明带状物上。
Attackers use these kits to gain administrator or superuser access on vulnerable systems.	攻击者使用这些工具来获得脆弱系统上的超级用户权限。
Your master is the most powerful man in the world. I would not cross him.	你的主子是当今最有势力的人。我才不敢得罪他。
Has it gotten physical? 	严重到身体受伤了吗？ 
She lured him out of the house to a cabin to lock him up 	她把他勾引出了家估计去了某个小爱巢 
Buddha jumps the wall ", it is absolutely the best soup of the world.	佛跳墙，绝对是汤中极品。
I'm angry, and I detest UN - barbered louts!	我很生气，我讨厌邋邋遢遢的乡巴佬！
What few people know about him is that he has left behind a trail of emotional destruction, having spent decades abusing vulnerable individuals for his own twisted purposes.	对于他很少有人知道的是：他留下了一长串的情绪毁灭性行为，为了他自己扭曲的目标，用了几十年虐待易受攻击的个人。
He wanted to go visit his kid at college, 	他想去看他上大学的孩子， 
We're in a hole. We're not gonna get out by digging deeper, danny.	我们陷进了洞里。我们再不挖深就出不来了，丹尼。
Worse. Prom Committee.	更惨。舞会筹备委员会。
Pilate will close the temple.	彼拉多会关闭圣殿。
All l love is hattie.	哈蒂是我全部的爱。
You're on your period. So fucking what? 	你大姨妈来了。那又怎样？ 
You got to let them know what kind of guy you are. 	你让她们知道你是哪种男人。 
I'm going upstairs to take a nap. 	我到楼上打个盹儿。 
Every time I listen to a child vividly recount the most horrific acts of abuse	每当听孩子重述都感觉那么逼真
Yes. The necklace was stored there for 10 hours between its arrival last night 	嗯。从到埠直到今早开始展览 
Squinting allows you to see where things blend the most, where they stand out distinctly, and the pecking order of all the remaining edges.	眯眼能让你看到那里的色块融合得最厉害，那里的边缘最清晰，以及其他所有边缘的强弱次序。
I'm getting ready right now! 	我去上学了！ 
Given your daughter's fecundity and some basic arithmetic it is quite clear that you cannot simultaneously give equal shares to grandchildren and to children.	考虑到你女儿孩子多，做一些基本的算术，你就会清楚的发现，你不可能同时在孙辈和子女之间进行公平的分配。
If you're a bicyclist, you already know the pleasures and advantages of bike riding.	如果你是骑自行车，你已经知道的快乐和优势骑自行车。
I didn't mean any of that.	我并没有那个意思。
The new approach targets the salivary gland of the anopheles mosquito.	新做法的目标是疟蚊的唾液腺。
I have to kill a woman tomorrow. 	我明天得杀死一个女人。 
In this early research phase, rikess also recommends contacting three nearby car dealerships to "see who responds quickly and who is going to be the greatest help. This isn't necessarily about the best price. I would be looking for someone who furnishes me with all the information I want in a timely manner."	在买车的早期观望阶段，瑞克斯建议消费者先联系附近三个经销商：“看看谁的反应最快，谁能提供最好的服务，这时还不需要关心价格，要是我买车，我会看哪一家能及时提供我所需要的所有信息。”
Do not wait. - or a - keep a - waiting. 	别等了。-还是-等一下下。 
Screw set number of laps under the free state.	螺纹丝套自由状态下圈数。
Let's just drop this stuff off and go have a nice lunch.	我们就把东西扔在这，去吃顿丰盛的午餐吧。
Have you seen this specific kind of wound before? 	你以前见过这颣特定的伤口？ 
He directed the transfer of more than$ 1 million to the cogs account, the statement of facts said.	声明说，他将逾100万美元资金转移到了cogs帐户中。
Under very suspicious and disreputable circumstances. 	是在非常可疑而极不光彩的情况之下吧。 
Spread its wings and fly.	张开翅膀飞翔。
I remember waking up once to see that I had mangled my desk lamp and I have no idea what it ever did to me.	我记得有次醒来发现我已经轧坏了台灯，但我却一点都不记得它之前对我做了什么。
Well, he's good - looking...	他的确很帅...
Some good episodes, some so-so episodes.	一些好的情节，使一些这样的情节。
Oh, why didn't they? 	哦，那他们为什么没来？ 
You're little... Protege. 	很有头脑啊 
Was private santiago ever late for platoon meetings?	一等兵圣地亚哥开会时迟过到吗？
Excuse us, gentlemen, but I think I'd like her all to myself.	不好意思，先生们，我想让她就和我一个人跳。
I don't have much here, don't worry about it. 	我不弄太多，别担心。 
You must have done something really big to get you committed for so long. Committed.	你一定干了什么大坏事才会做那么久的牢。干坏事。
I think you're a lot thinner.	我觉得你瘦多了。
All right, bitch. I'll kill you today.	好吧，死婆娘。我今天就杀了你。
I'm gonna take you away.	我带你离开。
It takes a lot to scratch an itch. 	厚得要弄痒它们也非易事。 
Profits will bolster the industry's policyholder surplus-a measure of claims paying capacity, or capital-and will provide an additional buffer against the mega-catastrophes that lie ahead.	这些利润致使产业的投保者过剩作为一种索赔能力的标准，或者资本同时将会针对抵御所面临的剧灾提供一个额外的缓冲。
Oh, you're not mad at me? 	哦，你对我不生气？ 
Everyone else eats like this. 	其他人都像这样吃啊。 
Grad student from b. C., I think.	波士顿大学毕业的吧，我想是。
Coriander seeds yield cilantro, also known as chinese parsley, a staple herb in mexican, thai, vietnamese, and indian cooking.	胡荽的种子种出芫荽也被称为香菜，是墨西哥、泰国、越南和印度烹饪用的一种主要香草。
Its banks got through the crisis unscathed.	其银行丝毫未受损害的挺过了金融危机。
That's all you would do, you would just pee. 	仅此而已吗，只用来尿尿。 
I know that this is gonna sound strange, 	我知道这听起来很奇怪， 
I mean, I got to, you know, 	我是说，我得去你知道的， 
Hotheads like him made good TV.	像他那样急脾气的人很适合上节目
Jets in tomorrow from la.	明天从洛杉矶搭飞机过来。
Warn the public immediately after an accident was exceptionally important. 	立即通知民众非常重要。 
You didn't want to move to Vermont.	你不想搬去佛蒙特。
I put the phone down from you and he showed up, saw I was upset. 	我刚和你打完了电话他就来了，看到我很不开心。 
Is that really how you see it? - Don't you?	你真这么想？- 你不这么认为吗？
I'm listening. And there's a tsunami. 	我听着呢。发生了海啸。 
Give me the pillow! I know you're in love with him. 	把枕头给我！我就知道你喜欢上他了。 
Hey, I heard you used to be a boxer.	我听说你曾是个拳击手。
He's dead. Come on, man, it was a clean shoot. 	他死了，走吧，那一枪很俐落。 
After approximately 12 hours.	就会出现失血休克症状。
Go ahead, it's pre-loosened.	开吧，已经松动了。
Nowwe can play ball, hub.	以后我们就可以玩球了，哈勃。
We're going to do it all. Trust me.	我们都会一起实现的。相信我。
Both of your credit cards were charged at 11:30.	你们俩的信用卡刷卡记录是11：30.
You can't bring a date. That's the rule.	你不能带约会对象。这是规矩。
New Intel. The meet's already taken place 	新的线报，他们已经在路易斯维尔的某地碰过头了 
We welcome you as our guest and offer a variety of services that include a deluxe complimentary continental breakfast, complimentary bottled water upon arrival, 100% non-smoking rooms, free newspapers and high-speed Internet. 	我们竭诚欢迎您成为我们的客人，并为您提供各色服务：免费供应豪华欧式早餐，入住之后免费提供瓶装水，100%无烟客房，免费报纸及高速互联网。 
We had so many classes together and I'd always sit right behind you.	咱们一起上过很多课那时候我总是坐在你后面。
Article 27 the party concerned, who disagrees with the specific administrative act of administrative departments of science and technology or other administrative departments, may apply for review or file a lawsuit according to the provisions of the regulations on administrative review and the administrative litigation law of the people's republic of china.	第二十七条当事人对科学技术行政部门或者其他行政部门的具体行政行为不服的，可以依照《行政复议条例》和《中华人民共和国行政诉讼法》的规定，申请复议或者提起诉讼。
Two weeks, I guess 	两个星期吧 
He says he didn't take it.	他说没有拿。
All you have to do is deliver it.	你只需要交出来。
Two in the morning and two at night. That's right.	早上两片晚上两片。对。
When I have more to tell you.	再有什么情况我都会告诉你的。
You're always freeloading at my place! 	少在我的地盘上撒野！ 
So no matter what reports you hear, 	所以无论你们听到什么消息， 
Oh! No! No!  	哦！不！不！ 
We'll have to face the guys from rival gangs soon.	不管怎样白社长我们不得不防范其它派。
That period is now over.	这个时代已成为过去。
Fire her! Fire him too.	把她炒了！他也炒了。
If you did it, 	如果你真的那么做了， 
But this is e - extremely urgent. 	不过，这事很急。 
But I grew an inch over the regulation height.	但是我比规定的高度高了一寸。
She's not my friend. I picked her up hitching out on sunset.	她不是我的朋友。我在日落大道附近让她搭车。
Go to the forge of swords, and tell him that I, ENO, sent you. 	去找鑄劍師，告訴他是伊諾叫你們去的。 
But we have some facts of our own, don't we?	但事实的真相在我们手中，对不对？
I have met with the Committee of ceremonies. 	我和仪式执事见过见面了。 
Yeah, we were driving aIong the Expressway and this truck cuts us off. 	当时我们在高速公路上开车然后一辆卡车插到我们车道。 
I'm ready to begin transport. 	准备开始传送。 
You asked him to stay here? 	你让他住家里？ 
Says fisher: "people tend to think the league orchestrates...... tries to help more-popular teams. Based on that, the lakers would be in the finals every ( year)."	费舍尔表示，“人们趋向于听联盟最好的乐队……希望看到更受欢迎的球队。基于这一点的话，湖人应该每年都出现在总决赛中。”
I almost believed.	我几乎相信了。
don't beat yourself up. No? 	别贬低你自己了难道。不是吗？ 
That lists you as calling 9-1-1.	在档案上的报告。
Wanted to leave his wife, 	想要离开他妻子， 
don't it sound sweet, Tony? - yeah, real sweet.	听起来是不是很棒，托尼？- 没错，非常棒。
For heaven's sake. Let's go. 	天哪。去看看。 
Stay here. All right?	待在这里，行吗？
Says the woman sitting inside.	站着说话不腰疼啊。
The head and hide of a large carcass was exposed	显露出巨大的动物头部和它隐藏的尸体
Of or containing or derived from formic acid.	有甲酸，含有甲酸，由甲酸衍生。
Well, we're all from the Eureka.	我们都是从你参与建立的。
It might calm you down some.	我想我只需要睡一觉。
I was just expressing an opinion. 	我就是说说看法。 
She is so happy. Hey, I hope you Haven't changed your mind? 	她很幸福，嗨，我希望你没有改变心意？ 
The way an evening breeze would tease a candle flame.	以向晚的微风吹弄烛火的方式。
It's no con.	不是圈套。
My nose becomes worse whenever I drive to the countryside or go across a field grown with an abundance of wild plants.	我一乘车下乡或者穿过一片长满野草野花的田野时，我鼻子就坏了。
We're finishing early today. 	今天刚完工的。 
But you need to specialize, 	但是你要挑个专业， 
Probing table! - God, don't say that out loud! 	探测桌！- 天哪，别说那么大声！ 
That loosely translated, means the ark of truth.	粗略翻译为真理之箱。
I need GPS on their cell. Just a minute. 	我要追踪他们的手机。等等。 
Hey, you used me to avoid seeing your parents. 	喂，你为了不见你父母而利用我。 
Vegetation includes lichens, mosses, and arctic flowering plants.	能够存活的植被也只有地衣类，苔藓类，与北极开花植物。
I don't know. I heard some parents were into encouraging.	我不知道。我知道一些父母总是鼓励孩子。
I am not a freak. 	我也没有异想天开。 
Huh? You help me choose!	啊？你告诉我！
Well played, Tom. 	投得好，汤姆。 
That I envy what you have	我很羡慕你所拥有的东西
I don't knowhow it happened.	我不知道为什么会这样。
Shut it down! I said now! 	把引擎关掉！我叫你快点，快！ 
Those two that you swore were not sex industry workers 	你发誓说不是色情行业工作者的那两位 
The way I see it, they're lucky. 	在我看来，他们很幸运。 
The accomplished student knows an 'a' is more than three sticks.	一个能够自我实现的学生知道有东西比a等成绩更重要。
She's fresh - peach prime.	她却不在了。
But don't you dare touch me again.	但绝对不允许再碰我。
But the purpose of this role - playing is to 	但是我们这样只是让你练一下 
That had just fallen to pieces in your sister's hands.	它刚刚从你妹妹的手中掉下来摔成碎片。
For trait selection, dr. steinberg is now betting on a new approach for screening embryos.	为了特征选择，steinberg现在正把赌注压在一种新的检查胚胎的方法。
Thought that you would too worried that you would blab	她觉得你会泄露秘密
You've got to suck out the venom. 	你必须帮我吸出毒液。 
Baby, I'm trying to cook for you the way you like it. 	宝贝，我是按你喜欢的口味来做的。 
What are you whistling? Did you write it? 	你在吹什么曲子？你写的吗？ 
I just wanna lie here and bleed for a while.	我只想流着血。躺在这里一会儿。
I'm amazed that the fish can still live in such polluted water, but I wonder if the fish is edible.	这鱼仍能在这样的污水里生存真让人吃惊，不过这鱼还能吃吗？
And I realized that I was locked in...	我发现我被锁起来了。
For most little girls fairy tales are the stuff that dreams are made of, and their little lives are bounded by the fairyland.	对许多小女孩来说，童话故事构成了她们的梦幻世界，她们小小的生活天地也系于神话仙境。
There are several.	有好几个。
Additional procedures said to be effective are an intravenous saline drip and kidney dialysis, which, apart from their lack of appeal, are not readily available.	另一种有效的方法使在静脉注射盐水和肾脏透析，这种方法不仅缺乏吸引力，而且不容易实现。
The use of six professors is deliberate.	使用六名教授是有意为之。
Summer grass warbler fly, and flowers everywhere; autumn grass blows away; winter snow-covered.	夏季草长莺飞，繁花遍野；秋季草木摇落；冬季白雪皑皑。
We've all been on people's hooks and we've all kept someone on the hook.	我们都曾上过钩也让别人上我们的钩。
Mom needed someone close by. 	妈妈需要有人住得近些。 
Get me Fache. 	帮我打电话给法舍。 
She's half mine, what are do about her?	她有一半是我的我们要怎么做？
All right, way to go. This is like the fall of the Berlin wall. 	太好了，快看，就像是推倒柏林墙。 
I killed you. Stay back! 	我已经杀了你你不许动！ 
We had more offerings, but there was trouble. A girl.	我本来有更多的祭品，但遇到了点麻烦。一个女孩。
If the striped media set is mirrored, the mirrored media set contains from two to four identical copies of each media family, which are called mirrors.	如果条带媒体集已经镜像，则镜像媒体集包含每个媒体簇的两个到四个相同副本（称为镜像）。
All you would need for that, clarice, is a mirror.	克拉丽丝，你需要的是面镜子。
Let's make ita little more interesting?	让我们玩得更有趣些好吗？
You know, people are saying what's going on up here is Evil.	你知道，人们说这是怎么回事在这里是邪恶的。
What about your camera? Always ready and loaded.	你的相机呢？-随时准备还有胶卷也上了。
He paid with a two-for-one coupon and made chloe pay her half.	他用一张“买二送一”优惠券结账，让克洛伊付她的那一半。
His father purposed that he should be a lawyer.	他的父亲下定了目标说要让他当律师。
Me and a pal broke into a video store 	我和伙伴去一家音像店偷东西 
Why kill martey? 	为什么你要杀玛泰？ 
Why'd I get infected?	为什么我会被感染？
Yeah! Hey, buddy! 	太好啦！伙计！ 
No, if it was hers the prints would become less saturated as he ran away	不，如果是受害人的那么随着他跑回窗边
All the sentiments as well as all the memories which one might have attributed to him had disappeared.	别人以为他可能有的那一切情感和故态全不见了。
Other room amenities include a work desk, free high speed Internet, refrigerator, coffee maker and hairdryer. 	其他房间设施还包括办公桌、免费高速互联网接入、电冰箱、咖啡机和电吹风。 
I would prefer telling you about the hermitage cats. 	我宁愿告诉你艾尔米塔什的猫。 
Hurry up, peanut. 	加油，花生豆。 
But terrestrial weight doesn't change. 	但在地球上的物体重量不会突然改变的。 
So far this year figueredo has recorded nearly 80 homicides, making pedro juan caballero statistically one of the most murderous towns on earth, with a homicide rate that is more than three times that of rio de janeiro.	今年以来，菲格雷多已记录了80桩凶杀案，这使得佩德罗-胡安-卡瓦列罗成为地球上最凶残的城市之一，它的凶杀比率是里约热内卢的3倍还多。
Put her in no. 9	把她关进九号仓
What you're getting paid for this event? What you're getting paid scale, what's the deal? 	今晚这活动给多少钱啊？按啥付款啊说说看呀？ 
Improvement of photoelectric system for measuring thermal conductivity of poor conductor by non-steady state flash method.	非稳态闪光法测量不良导体热导率光电系统的改进。
What do you teach? Speech elocution and poise.	你教什么？谈吐，演讲以及仪态.
You just need to get some sleep.	你只需睡个觉。
Because I'm not willing to lose one of my legitimate agents.	因为我不想让我真正的探员丧命。
Besides, I only hit her once. 	再说，我就打了她一下。 
Korto, you were the winner of the last challenge. 	科特你是上次比赛的赢家。 
Why not? I don't understand. 	为什么不行我不明白。 
At a construction site - nice.	他还用铁撬揍了同事的脸。不错哈。
Watch the shopping, will you? 	少花点钱，听见没？ 
Do you charge for your services?	你的服务收费吗？
Power tools are always popular at christmas. Tepper could have snapped up the entire power tool company, black& decker, which sold last month for$ 4.6 billion to stanley works.	电动工具在圣诞节期间总是很受欢迎，而泰珀则有实力将电动工具生产企业black&decker全盘买下，这家公司上个月被stanley works以46亿美元收购。
The debt-ceiling question, supposedly on hold until september, has disaster potential too.	国债上限，据推测在9月前不会提高，也有可能转变成灾难。
You're just a face and... Hair.	你只是有张漂亮的脸和…头发而已。
You're aware that we've got an infantry weapons development programme.	你应该知道我们有一个步兵武器研发计划。
You know what I did to get back to you?	你知道为了回到你身边我都做了什么吗？
Oh, my God, my nose! 	天啊，我的鼻子 
Or should I say "Chan - berries"?	或者，应该叫做“钱梅”？
The front man carried guns and, if he did not like what he saw, the workers were abused.	工厂监工携带枪支，如果他看到有什么不顺眼的地方，工人就会遭到虐待。
Sure. Six minutes ought to be plenty of time to face our marital problems. 	当然，6分钟应该足够处理我们的婚姻危机了。 
don't you feel the same way? 	你难道不是这么想的吗？ 
I know this is hard for you to believe, 	我知道你很难相信， 
I couldn't pry him out of there. I need a winch. 	我不能把他撬出来。我需要一台绞车。 
I can't control that. I'm sorry. 	我无法控制。抱歉。 
Okay, I'm gonna go say good - bye, then I'll be right back. 	好了，我要去说声再见，马上就回来。 
From the likes of love, to leave.	从喜欢到爱上，到现在的离不开。
And the second sequence?	以及第2个顺序吗？
By the way, I don't think that bouncer outside 	我不觉得外边的那个报表 
Alli and xenical are both marketed by british drugmaker glaxosmithkline, though xenical is manufactured by swiss firm roche.	"阿莱"以及"塞尼可"是由英国制药公司葛兰素史克开发上市的，虽则"塞尼可"是由瑞士罗氏公司生产的。
If I was harassing you, I'd do this... 	如果我想的话我会这么干... 
Everything was running smoothly, except for one small detail.	一切都进展的很顺利，除了一个小事情。
I tried. I let it slide.	我试过了。后来就抛到脑后了。
Okay, let's take a breather.	好吧，我们喘口气。
That's why he spends all his time in his room on his computer. 	所以他才会把时间都花在他房间里那个计算机上。 
Preparing our counter attack.	准备反击。
Thank you so, so much for theese inspiring messages.	谢谢你的话，那么这些振奋人心的讯息。
Yeah, they sighted one in sitka yesterday.	是啊，他们昨天在云杉林里看到一头。
I just saw him. I have to get back to work. 	我刚见过他。我得回去工作了。 
He goes running out the back with a gun. 	他拿着把枪朝后边跑了。 
Despite their reputation as breeding-grounds for discontent, coffee-houses seem to have been tolerated by the french government as a means of keeping track of public opinion.	尽管咖啡馆背负着不满滋生的土壤的恶名，但是法国政府将咖啡馆作为追踪民意的一种手段，因此好像也容忍了咖啡馆的存在。
What do you mean, "bald"? 	你什么意思，“秃子”？ 
I can get a crane down here in 20 minutes, 	我可以在20分钟内叫辆起重机来， 
Everything except for the gangbanger part. 	所有的事情都发生过除了帮会首领那部份。 
Not for long. What about us?	不会太久。上面说我们了么？。
We're neither young nor old, being outside time.	我们摆脱了时间的羁绊，不会老去。
And Wal - Mart parking lots,	停到沃尔玛的停车场，
Those visiting the area on business can take advantage of easy access to SRP Power Plant, Glen Canyon Recreation Area, the National Park Service, Page Steel, Page Ice and Samaritan Hospital. 	出差到此的客人可轻松抵达 SRP 发电厂、格兰峡谷运动场、国家公园管理局、佩吉钢铁厂、佩吉制冰厂和撒玛利亚医院。 
Only makes mental bets. 	只在心里赌一下输赢。 
Meanwhile, fortune set off on a long-term course of covering buffett.	与此同时，《财富》杂志也开始长期报道巴菲特。
How am I supposed to reach anybody	我该怎么和别人联系呢
Not without infection. 	即使是没感染。 
This evening's entertainment well suits this sunny and bucolic atmosphere. 	今晚的节目完美地契合了这种阳光的乡村氛围。 
We are going to Beijing. 	我们准备去北京。 
When did you talk to lula?	你什么时候跟露拉说过话？
Unless I can come up with $50,000 in cash,	否则银行不会借我七万五千美金，
Good morning. A blessing! A blessing!	早上好。一个祝福，一个祝福
Wang shaoli, vice-director of the beijing huilongguan hospital, one of the largest psychiatric hospitals in china, said stock investors need to find ways to cope or they will not be playing the markets for long.	中国最大的精神病医之一，北京回龙观医院副院长王说，股票投资者需要寻找方式应对，或一段时间不再玩机票。
In the beginning: the story of the king james bible and how it changed a nation, a language, and a culture.	源起：国王詹姆士圣经的故事与它如何改变一个国家、一个语言与、一个文化。
You think he was like that as a kid? 	你觉得他从小就这样吗？ 
A miracle or a curse? 	奇迹还是诅咒？ 
See, that's why I wanted to make this year extra special. 	所以，我想让今年变得特别一些。 
Are you gonna stay in my bed tonight? 	今晚和我一起睡好吗？ 
Even then the attention is fleeting.	即便如此公众的注意力还是转瞬即逝。
Yeah. I - I guess I have a high threshold.	对。我想我的承受能力很强
Mini-suite with sitting area with two chairs, desk with executive chair, extra counter space area with cupboards and extra small sink, user friendly vanity/sink area placed outside of restroom to accommodate more than one traveler sharing the same room. 	小套间有休息区、有两个椅子、桌子和老板椅，其他空间内有橱柜和小的洗脸池，休息间外有洗涤槽方便多人入住时共同使用。 
You have three seconds, or we will shoot. 	我数三秒钟就开枪了。 
Official corruption is another concern.	担忧的另一个方面是官员腐败。
No, we treat him with drugs	不，我们给他药物治疗
Mr rogge estimates that if he and his colleagues had printed their boat from commercial plastic filament it would have cost them$ 800.	罗格先生估计，如果他和他的同事利用商业塑料丝来制作这条船的话，那么成本会高达800美元。
I'm sorry that you're closing down. 	抱歉，你关张了。 
My parents are probably asleep, so I'll just talk to them tomorrow. 	我父母应该已经睡了，我明天和他们说就行了。 
All these find expression in quick-decision offensive warfare on exterior lines in campaigns and battles and protracted defensive warfare on interior lines in strategy.	而一切这些，都表现于战役和战斗上的外线的速决的进攻战，同时也就表现于战略上的内线的持久的防御战之中。
I was out cold. I don't know where they went. 	我被打晕。我不知道他们往哪逃走。 
This is not a God damn hand of poker. 	这不是一个该死的手牌。 
Before you say anything to either one of them.	再和她们谈。
But if the markets see the core nations taking concrete steps to correct their bad budgetary behavior, that will go a long way to rebuilding trust, helping to avoid yet another "crisis."	但如果市场看到欧洲核心国家正在采取具体措施来纠正自身在预算方面的失误，它将给重新建立信任带来很大帮助，进而有助于避免另一场危机。
Can I have three of these? 	我能有三个吗？ 
However, li-ion technology has a thermal stability problem, especially for larger cells that are a necessity for hev applications.	然而，锂电池技术存在一个热稳定性的问题，特别是为是有必要为混合电动汽车的应用提供更大的电池单元。
Bloody hell. He's early!	糟糕！他居然提前了！
There was the sort of freezing fog hanging over everything,	一层薄雾就像给景物罩上面纱，
And I hear there are wigs involved?	听说还包括假发？
I said I'm coming to get him.	我说了我会去接他的。
Dali town caring lane county primary school.	大荔县城关镇仁厚里小学。
Should we intubate?	我们该把管子插进去吗？
Prevents you from proposing to mademoiselle egg?	让你没法开口向艾格小姐求婚？
His problems began ten years ago when he checked into a minnesota clinic after he became addicted to the painkiller vicodin, following a jet-ski accident.	他的毒瘾始于十年前，昔时他因滑水变乱受伤而就诊于明尼苏达州一家诊所，之后对止痛药维柯丁（vicodin）上了瘾。
But brace yourself, kids, 'cause, from what I hearing, they're all at each other's throats.	振作精神孩子们我听说他们都很憎恨对方。
Oh! That's us.	在叫我们呢。
Increase 300% with this medication.	因为服用这种药将提高300% 。
Hey, I love my girlfriend. 	嘿，快看是谁的女朋友。 
Above all, I think, it made it really plausible that the earth was moving, that the earth was a planet.	我认为最重要的是，这个发现使得“地球也在运动，地球是颗行星”的说法真的言之成理。
Making people like singers by saying nice things about 'em?	往那些歌星脸上贴金？
I don't find that funny. 	我不觉得好玩啊 
I'll get some wine from the cellar.	我去地窖取些葡萄酒。
Steinbloom managed the careers of such million - selling folk groups as... 	斯坦布鲁顿的事业包括百万销售的民谣组合，如... 
Hold your breath, Stan.	停止呼吸，斯坦。
Come on, Zamora! 	快啊，萨莫拉！ 
For me, crab K ey's going to be a gentle relaxation.	我认为到克拉布岛是很好的放松。
Sure, it is. You just can't accept it.	当然是。只是你不愿意承认。
Mutual attraction.	相互吸引。
Located on the arctic circle in northern finland, rovaniemi has long been regarded as the home town of santa claus.	坐落于芬兰北部北极圈以内的罗瓦涅米乃是世界公认的圣诞老人的故乡。
Pussy everywhere.	全是美女。
The criminalization of pimps ( employers or third party) makes it difficult to perform sex work safely.	皮条客（雇主或第三方）的违法身份使性工作难以安全进行。
I knew the stroganoff was going too far. 	我就知道提起奶油口蘑牛肉丝太过头了。 
Well, I both drink and smoke and I'm 200% fit.	我既喝酒又吸烟百分之两百的健康。
Why do you think she left you? Objection sustained. 	你认为她为什么离开？反对。 
I'm gonna do this again. 	我再开一遍。 
She didn't get burnt. - Get out my way!	她没被灼伤。- 别挡我的道！
A perfect being is defined as one whose essence or nature lacks no attributes whatsoever, one whose nature is complete in every respect.	根据定义，完美无缺者的本质或本性不欠缺任何属性，其本性在每个方面均是完美无瑕的。
Sure, you know who else would love to talk about sports? 	当然了，你知道还有谁想讨论体育吗？ 
You didn't have to do that.it isn't even in a box.	你不用包啊.它连个盒子都没有.
Ulan bator has become one of the many mining boomtowns spawned by chinese demand.	乌兰巴托已成为由中国需求造就的众多矿业新兴城市之一。
Get Papa out of the potty you pull trigger, I pull flush.	把我爸从马桶里拿出来你扣扳机，我就按冲水栓。
In the morning be sure to enjoy delicious free breakfast of fresh fruit, hot waffles, sweet pastries, cereal, milk and more. 	在早晨，请享受我们免费提供的美味早晨，包括新鲜水果、现烤的华夫饼、香甜的点心、精致的谷物、醇香的牛奶…… 
I'm touching you. No, no, no, you're not! 	我在爱抚你啊。不，你没有！ 
I've always wanted one, though. 	不过，倒一直想要一把。 
Okay, I'm not a delusional maniac... Am I?	好吧，我可不是个有妄想症的疯子对吗？
We do our show in 40 - second page. 	我们的节目应该是40秒一页。 
I want us to have a baby. What? Why?	我想要个孩子。什么？为什么呢？
You're gonna want a 4-1/2 - inch angle grinder with a cutoff wheel.	你得用11.43厘米的切割角磨机。
I will put a bullet in her head. 	我就会直接打爆她的头。 
God's sake. What are we meant to do, lock them up? 	天啊，我们打算干吗，把他们关起来？ 
To tend this community, kopelman relies on an inhouse staff of eight people who designed and built the platform and help to maintain it both online and off.	为扶持这个网络社区，科佩尔曼动用了8名内部员工，后者设计、建立了这个平台，还参与了线上和线下的维护。
Uh, Colonel, stand by. 	上校，稍等。 
I wasn't badly hurt, but I injured my thigh and had to limp.	我伤得不重，但一条大腿伤到了，只好一瘸一拐地走。
Sharper sanctions could have driven up the economic and political cost of acquiring the bomb high enough to force iranians to question the wisdom of continuing the militarily dangerous parts of the nuclear programme.	更为尖锐的制裁措施可以让获得核弹的经济成本和政治成本上升到足够的高度，迫使伊朗人重新审视继续危险的军用核进程是否明智。
I want that! Hey, hey, hey! 	我要那个！嘿，嘿！ 
We're about two weeks away from finding out who will win $250,000. 	两周后就要揭晓25万美金的赢家了。 
I used to work for Sony. 	我以前也在索尼公司工作。 
I flew down to bring his body back,	我飞到悉尼把他的遗体运回来，
Understand ( and reassure your friend) that these people are probably just ignorant about hiv.	试图理解（并且安慰你的朋友）这些人，他们可能仅仅是对hiv无知而这么做。
The government insists that the crown prince's offer of dialogue extends to all parties but the opposition has no clear leader to negotiate on its behalf.	政府强调皇储与所有党派进行对话的提议，但反对派没有明确的领导人以其本身利益去谈判。
Nah, Broadway equals new York.	但百老汇在纽约。
2013 TripAdvisor? Certificate of Excellence winner! 	荣获2013年 TripAdvisor? 卓越奖! 
When I wouldn't listen to her, 	如果我不听她的话她会杀了我的， 
OK, look. That is aunt iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five.	好，听着。是艾莉丝姑姑。她从五岁起便开始玩牌。
It could be the end of us. 	我们的关系就完了。 
Uh, listen, guys, I mean, we were totally making out and everything,	呃，听着，哥们，我说，我们亲热了好一番
Well, you are just a walking factoid factory, partner.	你真是个活生生的数据库，伙计。
To understand what brought us to the river on that day.	想要了解那天是什么吸引我们深入河川。
Cut! That was cut. 	卡！我说了卡。 
She gave you a compliment. Say something nice back. 	她称赞你了。赶快也回她一些好话呀。 
I need the Colorado polling detail,	我想看看科罗拉多州的选票详情，
Batou, he's in the study on the top floor.	巴特，他在最上层的书房
She already changed her plans for me once. 	她已经为我改了一次计划。 
I do not get how you could reveaI my and your brothers most intimate secret,	我不明白你为什么当着勃艮第人民面前，
Will come as a welcome surprise.	来临时将会是种惊喜。
To give me a hand job, like, within five minutes of meeting her.	在见面五分钟内就帮我用手达到高潮。
The chinese interconnect can handle data at about twice the speed of a common interconnect called infiniband used in many supercomputers.	中国的这种网络互联传输数据的速度是在其他许多超级计算机中使用的称为infiniband技术的速度的2倍。
And no more falling. 	别再摔了。 
And it knocked the wind out of me, 	感觉像岔气， 
I had asked everyone to submit questions in advance of the meeting.	我已请每个人在会议之前提交问题。
I understand. It's no big deal. 	我知道，没什么大不了的。 
Speaking of muslims, is ahmad rashad muslim?	谈到穆斯林，阿穆德拉沙德是穆斯林吗？
You believe I didn't kill Neal, right?	你相信我没有杀他，对吗？
She was going to write him a bad recommendation to Stanford, so he killed her.	她给他写的斯坦福推荐信不好，所以他杀了她。
First, mr obama will be ( rightly) reluctant to raise taxes and tempted to extend parts of the stimulus package if unemployment is not dropping by 2010.	第一个风险是，如果失业率到2010年还没有下滑，那么奥巴马将（正确地）不会愿意增加税收并且会尝试延长部分项目的激励计划。
You'll. Uh. call us when you get your test results. Huh? 	你会。呃。化验结果出来了就打电话给我们。唔？ 
But I don't pretend this is page one of the story. 	但是别装着咱们是刚认识。 
Ada had a wrinkled, simian face.	埃达有一张布满皱纹、长得像猿猴的脸。
I'm not staying long enough to learn the rules.	我待的时间还没有长到学习这些规矩。
Mr. anderson said diy drones had 15000 members and had about one million page views a month, tapping into a world of do-it-yourself hobbyists who build their own small drones and fly them around parks and neighborhoods.	安德森先生说‘自制无人机’有15000个成员，一个月有大概一百万页的见解，深入了解大量的diy爱好者，建造他们自己的小无人机，让它们围着公园，及附近飞。
How does it feel to be here in Hollywood on the set, on the stage? 	出现在现场出现在舞台上你什么感觉？ 
People like her take advantage of people like you. 	像她这样的人就占你便宜。 
His action for some weeks has given indication of queerness.	几个星期以来，他的行为有一些古怪。
Travelers can make that campus event and then schedule the rest of the day at fine dining restaurants, sightseeing adventures or simply relaxing. 	旅客可参加校园宣讲，然后计划在轻松愉悦中度过一天中剩余的时光，他们可以在餐厅享用晚餐、观光探险或简单地放松。 
Well, I admit, for a mass murderer, he may have a certain.	我承认，对一个杀人狂来说，他也许有某种。
I'll lose my foot if you don't. 	如果你不做的话我的脚就完了。 
But my honest friend did not think in this way at all.	但是我的诚实的朋友压根儿不这么想。
Why are you acting all soft in front of me! 	为什么你在我面前就那么软弱？ 
What you got there, Norman? I have no idea. I can't open it. 	是什么，罗曼？不知道。打不开。 
There wasn't anything I wanted to preserve. 	我没有要保存的东西。 
I knew this was gonna happen. Then why aren't you upset? 	我知道这要发生。那你为什么不难过？ 
You knew, and you never talked to him?	你知道，却没和他谈过？
But online revenues are still too small to make much of a difference to ea, says jason kraft, an analyst at susquehanna financial.	来自susquehanna financial的分析家jason kraft指出，网络收入目前依然太微薄，对ea来说并无太多意义。
My professor was a spy?	我的教授是间谍？
So, OK, thanks again, 	所以，好的，再次感谢， 
The maoists have even agreed to dismantle the people's governments in their base areas; they are now represented in the interim legislature and their entry into the interim cabinet appears imminent.	毛主义者已经同意解散他们在根据地的人民政府；他们现在已经加入了临时立法会议并即将加入临时政府。
He says the savings came as a by-product of the company's main intent in replacing the computers: making work stations more comfortable for workers of the long beach, calif., health-care provider by taking out bulky, older models that took up too much space and often produced too much heat.	他说，节能其实只是副产品，公司更换电脑的主要意图是为了让员工更舒适，换掉体积庞大的老旧机型，那些电脑太占地方，通常发热量也过高。
Greece will still be perilously close to insolvency.	希腊将仍然危机四伏，面临着资不抵债的风险。
What? He was worried about you. 	什么？他很担心你。 
Thrush aircraft, a firm based in albany, georgia, is even more expansive.	总部在奥尔巴尼，乔治亚州的画眉飞机公司甚至更夸张。
Liu yuxi, how he surpassed the tradition of relegated literature.	刘禹锡对贬谪文学传统的超越。
Because that's what you do when someone you love is in the hospital.	因为当你爱的人住院时你就得这么做。
So I try to relate to the kids, listen to what they have to say, make it fun for them. 	所以我尝试跟孩子们套近乎，听听他们聊的，让课程有趣一些。 
Berlusconi also faces trial on charges that he hired an underage prostitute and later tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was accused of theft.	贝卢斯科尼还面临其他几项控告的审讯，包括他曾经雇用未成年妓女，后来在该妓女被控盗窃时又试图通过幕后操纵让她出狱。
Thou shalt not use a computer to steal.	即若能，也不要使用电脑去偷窃。
Somebody who called a reporter	一个自称记者的人
I'm setting up a timer. When it rings, you can remove the bandages and leave. 	我定个时间，明天铃响拆绷带离开。 
You couldn't do this the easy way? 	你就不能让我省点事吗？ 
The lost pet sign I saw. 	宠物丢失的暗号。 
I wasn't flirting. don't worry, I covered for you. 	我没有啊。别担心，我帮你掩饰过去了。 
We're hoping for a full recovery. 	希望能康复。 
The grass feels indebted to everything around her, the mountains, the rivers, the wind, the sunlight and the earth, while the girl feels her lover owes her love and comfort.	小草感激周围的一切：山河、风、阳光、大地；而姑娘感到爱人欠她的爱情与安慰。
Malaysia's second highest wildlife law enforcement officer speaks of her country's most notorious illegal trafficker like a doting aunt.	马来西亚野生动物执法部门的二把手，在谈到她们国家最臭名昭著的非法走私贩时，就像一个溺爱侄子的婶婶。
Or was it never lie to a dying man? 	也从不对垂死的人说谎？ 
Back in Boston, saddle of antelope is considered to be a great delicacy. 	在波士顿羚，羊皮的马鞍可是高级的精品。 
Among them the most important being is stipulate "death from overwork" and its legal liability, and bring the punitive damages system to laborer's rest right protection field.	其中最重要的是在法律上规定“过劳死”及其法律责任，并在我国劳动者休息权保护领域引入惩罚性赔偿制度。
So I could use the peace and quiet. 	所以我可以利用那里安静的环境。 
And put clean clothes on him.	换上了和服。
I'm doing this cake in celebration. Well done. 	我正在做庆功宴上面的糕点。你做的真不错。 
What? N - next semester? 	啥？下学期？ 
The analyses of a heavy rain in shache county.	莎车一次大暴雨天气分析。
We have to come out the other side of this as victims. It's the only way.	我们这边需要有受害人只有这个办法。
The transfer of heat or other atmospheric properties by massive motion within the atmosphere, especially by such motion directed upward.	大气对流通过大气层内大规模气流运动进行的热量或其它大气属性的传递，尤指通过向上的气流运动。
However, it is minus the overindulging in food and alcohol [ avoid holiday weight gain].	但是，它是减去食品和过量的酒精[避免假期体重增加]。
He's a regular at all the... The shelters. 	他是所有收容所的常客。 
Both the main parties will benefit from the disarray of the left.	墨西哥的主要党派都会从左派的动乱中获利。
This happens in every single episode,	每集都会有 囚徒困境 的情节，
It's in my backpack. We'll eat at the bottom.	在我的背包里。到了底下再吃。
Both men could have died at any point in the past several years-2011 just happened to be their time.	可以说，过去这些年随便哪个时候，这两位本都可能死掉只是现在刚刚好，都凑在了2011。
It's a personalized felt - tip pen.	一支很好写的签字笔。
Only we can help ourselves. No one else! 	我们只能自救，别人救不了我们！ 
It's always about what you want. 	你只关心自己想要的。 
Reinvestment each year must count as a separate and additional investment so long as the investor had the option of taking his profits out.	只要投资者有权选择如何提取其利润，那么每年的投资就应算作一笔单独的追加的投资。
Got it. On queen's Boulevard. 	找到了。在皇后区大道。 
Just a second ago! When?	就在一秒前！什么时候？
What started out as two girls having fun 	两个女生间的嬉戏 
That you might be just a bit more generous.	可能会使你变得大方一些。
I don't care if you're kitchen help or savannah police.	我不管你是厨房助手还是萨凡纳警察，
She sleeps, we gave her pain - killers. 	她睡着了，我们给了她止疼药。 
This servant will wait on your guests.	这个办事员将为你的客人办事。
Listen to the sea.	听大海的声音。
don't you fucking start with me I'm telling you the truth now... 	别想唬弄我我是说真的... 
Two's company, three is inconvenient. 	两只情侣其乐融融，三只就多有不便了。 
Your appetite has betrayed you.	你的嗜好出卖了你。
What do I do with this girl? I'm saying that he might be in...	我拿这笨丫头怎么办？我说他也许…
You wanna develop the redwood downs complex. 	你想建一个红杉丘小区。 
So I have betrayed no one. 	所以也就谈不上背叛谁。 
Okay, look, you slipped up here, right?	好，听着，这是你自己干的好事，对吧？
That everything is still here. 	世界没有一点改变。 
I'll call off the operation at once. 	如果我怀疑的话，我马上终止行动。 
Back in new york, he enrolled in acting classes in the workshop headed by erwin piscator at the new school for social research, where one of his colleagues was another seward alumnus, walter matthau.	回到纽约之后，他在社会研究新学校报名参加了厄文皮斯卡托（erwin piscator）主管工作室开办的表演班，这里的一位同事沃尔特马索（walter matthau）也是他的苏渥校友。
Well, I'm sure it's better than yours.	好吧，我向那一定比你的强。
Xiao Mei's death will affect the troupe.	小美的死对团里影响挺大的。
The best sweet 16 party ever.	史上最棒的甜蜜十六岁派对。
I'll be back in two weeks. 	两个星期我就回来。 
You're holding the gun, boss. You're calling the shots.	你拿着枪呢，头儿。这里你做主。
Come on, you guys. I'm running out of time. 	快点儿，你们。我快没时间了。 
Hasn't been that bad. 	从来没那么糟过。 
We've already transported him	我们已将他转为控方证人
I think our relationship is growing, by the way.	我想我们的关系有所进展顺便说一句。
And he's very hostile to selling his company.	他非常忌讳卖掉自己的公司。
Growling bear gives young loved by the buffalo a special amulet symbolizing the lakota medicine wheel, the sacred wheel which shows where each person is born within the grand scheme of the world, and a central theme in this saga.	咆哮之熊给了年幼的野牛之爱一串特别的护身符，这串护生符象征着拉科塔部落的医疗之轮，显示每个人在这无边无际的世界上诞生之处的圣轮，也是这个长篇故事的中心主题。
I won't lose my son. 	我不想失去我的儿子。 
Gather proper guard and return with Barca. 	找可靠的守卫带巴尔卡来。 
Well, the only thing is, um... I can't have anybody else around when I'm doing this.	唯一的问题是，恩... 我做的时候不能有人在周围。
I'm going to call the station and give them a piece of my mind. 	我要打电话给电视台给他们说说我的想法。 
I told you, 120 minutes. 	我告诉过你，一百二十分钟。 
I didn't know there were little ranches.	我不知道那边还有小农场
The unbearable heaviness of philosophy made lighter.	减轻哲学的不能承受之重。
I put it to you that your husband saw what he wished to see...	我觉得你丈夫幻想出他希望的…
Everyelse can you go, you are a servant 	你什么地方都可以去，你是佣人 
Monsters, aliens, phantoms - none of them are real.	怪物，外星人，幽灵- 全部都是虚构的形象。
Convinced that occupation itself represents a gross violation of human rights,	深信占领本身是严重的侵害人权行为,
The victim is isolated. 	受害者是单独一个人。 
Your team backs off Ben masters' house completely.	你的人全都要撤出本·马斯特斯家。
The last time I sat with june on a saturday morning in her bedroom, she was having hard time breathing and getting comfortable.	我最后一次同琼坐在一起是一个星期六的上午在她的卧室里，当时他呼吸困难，身体特别不舒服。
We promised each other we'd never speak of it again 	我们发誓再也不提这件事了 
He received a purple heart in world war ii.	他正在二战中获得了一枚紫心勋章。
I marred him. 	他是我老公。 
They kind of go hand in hand.	它俩通常是一起的。
The most successful impresario 	我就成为继罗马大斗兽场的经理 
I left a message on your machine. You didn't get it? 	我给你的电话留言了，没收到吗？ 
Somebody's tried to murder a protected witness	有人要枪杀我们的一位保护证人
There is no good political or economic reason for vetoing cnooc's purchase of nexen.	不管是从政治层面还是从经济层面来看，都没有理由否决中海油收购尼克森的交易。
And perfection is something I have not encountered. 	从没有发现你有什么完美的地方。 
The girls and I... We will survive, but... 	我和女孩儿们...能活下去，但... 
He likes Tanduay rum. 	他喜欢丹怀朗姆酒。 
But come on, I made some cubed fruit. 	但是别难过我准备了一些好吃的水果。 
I got a job, too, dad. 	我也有工作的，爸爸。 
Why don't we go to my uncle's farm on the seven stars mountain? It's a quite but interesting place.	我们何不到叔叔在七星山的农场，那是一个安静但是又好玩的地方。
I feel like I'm always pissy now. I don't like myselfwhen I'm with him. I don't like myselfanymore.	我感觉总是生气，和他在一起的时候，我都不喜欢自己了，我再也不喜欢自己了。
Telling me to eat a salad.	告诉我吃沙拉。
I'll get you! Go away!	我来了！走开！
Or did they perhaps heat up inside -  	抑或它们会不会内部升温 - 
Edward. "And yet, a certain word, a glance, a guise 	即是一句话，一回眸，一姿态 
Well, when's the last time you saw her watching TV?	很好，你上次见她看电视是什么时候？
But today I want to talk about another truth.	但今天我想讲述另一个故事。
Bud,I would never make you do that.	伙计，我永远也不会让你做那事的。
And if you can't trust, you can't BVE. 	如果你没有信任，你就不能爱。 
About this tomorrow.	明天早上再来谈。
They sit in their chairs in large rooms and make speeches, but they are not forceful, not aggressive, not into the new media world.	他们在一个偌大的房间里坐在椅子上发表演讲，但他们缺乏力量和拼抢精神，没有进入新媒体时代。
She keeps a set of books to herself so that she can check them against the J & R books. 	她自己留了一本账簿这样她可以对照公司的账簿。 
Supermarket owner did not accept kisses only, so I have given him some extras.	超市的老板嫌吻不够，所以我还给了他特别的。
Okay. All better. 	好啊。好点了。 
You're not waking up from some apocalyptic vision with your heart pounding. 	你并不是心跳着从一个世界末日的梦境中醒来。 
I almost leaned in.	我几乎中招。
Really? I mean, the house that you lived in,	是吗？我是说你们住的房子，
The crowd scattered when the police charged.	当警察冲过来时，人群便散开了。
I don't give them more than a couple of days.	我只给了他们几天的水。
Stress-busting tip: leave multitasking to your personal computer.	减压秘诀：在多项任务在你的电脑上列出。
I never said that. And you're misquoting me. But I'll get to the bottom of it. 	我没那么说过。你误以为是我有人在造谣。不过我会追查此事的。 
You didn't know? I'm so sorry	你不知道吗？真对不起
We still got to deepen, man.	你的歌还真有点深沉啊，伙计。
But celebrations should be tempered.	但在庆祝的同时不应放弃忧患意识。
But at this particular point, I strongly recommend you come along with us. 	但我建议你们与我们一起走。 
Okay. That's cool. Oh, man, that must have been awesome 	很酷嘛。哥们儿，那样子肯定很帅 
new pages forthcoming.	好戏还没上演。
These short stories were written as pot boilers to get him out of debt.	这些短篇小说是他为了还债而写的粗制滥造之作。
The nearer to impossible it will be to admit it at trial? 	在法庭上被承认的可能性越小 
Can I be excused? - you may. 	我可以先告退么？可以。 
Jesus Christ, it's fucking cold in here! 	上帝啊，这里真他妈的冷啊！ 
Okay, um... The door she went to -	好吧，恩... 她进去的那扇门-
It's fine with me if you guys want to continue this silent treatment. 	你们要继续这么安静地享用，我也没有问题。 
And I think you feel confident that I can run one of your companies one day.	我认为你确信我有一天能运营好你的一个公司。
But we don't have a pile of money anymore and now we need more. 	但我们不会再有一大笔钱，现在我们需要更多的钱。 
One who had never dreamed that a fox in socks like yours truly 	像你们这样从未想过干这种事的人 
All of a sudden, you're at the moon. 	突然间，你到了月球。 
Despite their reservations at appointments he has made, diplomats insist they respect mr ban's prerogative.	尽管对于潘基文的任命决定持保留态度，但外交官们坚称，他们尊重潘基文的特权。
Yeah, baby! I was going to my parent's,	好的，宝贝！我本来是要去我妈那里的，
Yes? - so what's up? 	找我干嘛？- 那怎样？ 
I owe you everything. I love you.	我欠你太多了。我爱你。
Just... Just pick something. 	哦... 随便吧。 
But the ministers appointed by mariano rajoy, the new prime minister, are unlikely to be in the mood to celebrate.	但是马里亚诺拉霍伊指定的部长们却没什么庆祝胜利的好心情。
The best guess is that dark matter is made of different types of particle from "ordinary" matter.	最可能的假设便是暗物质是由与“普通物质”截然不同的微粒所组成的。
Shit. What's the matter? 	我操。怎么了？ 
Good job! Nice hat.	好工作！漂亮的帽子。
Some of the teenagers were shot at as they tried to swim to safety.	一些青少年在水中拼命逃命时被子弹击中。
You're looking directly into the light, 	你就那么直直地盯着光线， 
And if something goes wrong, they have to be told. 	如果出差错了，他们一定会知道。 
I know I can count you. 	我知道我可以指望你。 
Yes, good. Or not good, but thanks anyway.	好的。也许不是好事，不过谢谢你。
But there are over 20 Catholic churches in the district.	但是这区有二十几个天主教堂。
However, bric leaders have said they won't discuss creating a multinational currency that could replace the dollar in international transactions--a subject that has been mentioned in forums of emerging nations.	但四国领导人已表示，他们不会讨论创建一种可以在跨国交易中替代美元的多国货币这个话题曾在一些新兴市场国家的论坛中提到。
I've got a fare. 	我来生意了。 
In march, peter phillips, a former security minister, said he had information that the government had retained a los angeles law firm and asked whether this was related to the "dudus" dispute.	今年三月，前安全部长皮特菲利普斯说道，他已经得到信息，即牙买加政府雇佣了一家美国洛杉矶的律师事务所，并问道这是否与“杜杜斯”纷争有关。
That's why I've been pushing you so hard lately. 	所以我最近一直努力的鼓励你。 
In their study, the scientists looked at quaternary ammonium compounds ( qacs) that are used in many household cleaning goods.	在他们的研究中，科学家验证了在许多家居清洁产品中使用的季铵盐化合物。
But she has her own ideas, and now she's circling 	但她有自己的主意，现在她正想方设法 
Well, doping his drink with enough oxycodone to take out Rhode island is.	你往他的饮料里掺了足量氧可酮都能干掉罗得岛了。
Someone find out what triggered that alarm. 	找出警报被激活原因。 
You got a good nature, girl. 	你心地真好女孩。 
I believe my own belife.	我相信我自己的信念。
Uh, this, uh... It sounds like something the economic crimes unit should handle.	呃，这，呃……听起来是商业罪案调查科负责的范围。
I'm going to lead my team to victory. You're going to be crowned queen. 	我要带领球队迈向胜利，你会获得舞后冠冕。 
Yeah, so you'll be getting a package	在大概一个小时后
Except I still can't remember anything from after I first came to Eureka.	可是我还是一点都记不起我刚到尤里卡以后发生的事情。
I saw stars for two weeks after that. 	两个礼拜后我还眼冒金星。 
You've got one more shot. 	你们管好自己的枪. 
...Allahabad, where the Ganges and the Yamuna rivers join.	安拉阿巴德，恒河和亚穆纳河的交汇之处
Imports flowers and television sets into this country. 	他将鲜花和电视进口到这个国家。 
Sotheby's experts anticipate the work will fetch more than$ 80 million, the highest presale figure the auction house has ever set.	苏富比的专家预计这幅画有望拍出逾8000万美元的天价，是苏富比有史以来给拍品定出的最高估价。
Under the stars.... They stepped in. 	在星空下做爱。。。他们进来了。 
Don’t you have to protect me?	你们不保护我吗？
And hope that it's completely rational	同时希望她的潜意识能是理性的
Of what you guys saw this morning, okay? 	今早你们看到的情况？ 
Can someone please tell me who gave birth to this? 	有没有人能告诉我这个东西是从谁的肚子里生出来的？ 
There's a plastic sheet.	因为有一张塑料膜接着。
My uncle owns this little hotel on the water...	我叔叔在离阿卡普尔科以南100英里的地方...
Oh, how nice... What is it? 	哦，太好了…那是什么？ 
In fertilization, in pregnancy.	在受精过程，在怀孕过程。
Did he see anything that can help us? 	他有没有看到什么？ 
But in fact, I gave you this 	不过，其实呢，是我给你 
I guess so. I mean, they got into an argument, tattoo pulls out a knife, 	我觉得是他们吵了起来，纹身男拿出一把刀， 
Museums, schools, after - school programs, 	学校，课后项目， 
How are you, man what's your name	你好吗，你叫什么名字
Had to be. I mean, what - where did he get it from?	一定是他。他这么做有什么好处？
Seems like someone's trying to hide it.	似乎是某人想把它藏起来。
And the handsome figure of Orion, the hunter.	以及猎户座，它是一位英俊的猎人。
Darling maurette, can you so easily forget the masterful gentleman who aided you so gallantly?	亲爱的明紫，你能这么容易忘记高超绅士谁资助你这么殷勤？
He's trying to bring down the mountain! Gandaif, we must turn back! 	他想造成山崩！我们一定要回头，甘道夫！ 
We have everything right in there in the barn.	粮仓里什么都有。
I brought you a little something. Willie, that's magnificent.	我带给你点东西。威利，这太好了。
I'm a dancer by night, a welder by day. 	我晚上是个舞者白天是焊工。 
There's only one explanation the way I see it. 	我只能想到一种解释。 
Oh, flexible. That would go good up my spine. 	很有弹性。用这个改造我的背倒不错。 
Does jung-won come here often?	正元经常来吗？
You don't want him. He's just an old poop.	你不需要他。他只是一个老糊涂
Social disaster as a natural one.	同时也是一场社会灾难。
Two coats. 	却只有两件外套。 
Twitter unveiled a new automated advertising technology that promises to unlock the moneymaking potential of the microblogging site.	twitter发布了一项新型“自动广告”技术，有望藉此技术挖掘这家微博网站的赚钱潜能。
You say that based on these drawings?	你由这些画像确定的？
Right, ice man?	对吧，冰人？
I'm like, is my button 	就像我的名牌 
But since the moon's orbit is inclined about 5 degrees to earth, 	因为月球的轨道与地球有5度左右的倾斜角，
But when pharaoh saw that there was relief, he hardened his heart and would not listen to moses and aaron, just as the lord had said.	但法老见灾祸松缓，就硬着心，不肯听他们，正如耶和华所说的。
Oh, I like that tutor chick of yours. 	噢，我喜欢你那个家教小妞。 
Man of a responsible heart, ripe, staid, broad-minded.	一个有责任心的男人，成熟，稳重，豁达。
She could be down there. She could be anywhere.	她有可能在底下。她有可能在任何地方。
I mean, like a pro at the bubble. Like lvan. 	我是说，像伊凡那样的。 
A man in his prime who is shot at close range by an obsessive woman.	他风华正茂之年被一个疯女人开枪打中。
Why not? Everybody else around here does. 	为什么不？其他人都这么想。 
Now that the bubble has burst, that debt is acting as a persistent drag on the economy, preventing any real recovery in employment.	现在，泡沫已经破灭，债务成了久拖经济增长的包袱，阻止了就业方面任何实际的复苏。
And the one with his foot in the other one's face 	另一种人则喜欢踩在前者的脸上 
She saved what little money she could out of her slim salary to help her brother go to school.	她把从她微薄的薪水中留出来的一点点钱都用来送弟弟上学了。
Oh, I'm gonna call it a night. 	噢，今天就到此为止吧。 
Even a dog's embarrassed to do poos. 	即使是狗也会感到尴尬。 
Where children do pay for the offence of their parents, 	私生子女就是要承担父母的过错， 
Sometimes one, sometimes the other. Plan has changed with Castro. 	有时是前一种，有时是后一种。针对卡斯特罗的计划已经改了。 
He came to see you two days after the party, correct? 	派对结束两天后他去找过你，对吗？ 
I see how you look at her.	你看她的眼神。
Come on, let's go. Get out of the way, now. 	快点，我们走。不要挡在这里。 
But with this title comes a sacred responsibility to protect, to defend, 	但是作为指挥官你必须承担起保护人民的神圣义务， 
All the candles and lanterns, open fires up at their place was bad and happened soon or later. 	失火了，那地方被烧掉了，这样的坏事早晚要发生。 
I hope to have a small business.	我们这次去就希望做点小生意。
Ln another week, 	再过一个星期， 
It's like a sort of 20th - century frame structure. 	就像二十世纪的框架结构。 
It was very quiet in there; you could just hear the wind moving the trees.	那儿很静你只能听到风吹树动的声音。
Excuse me, gotta pee.	不好意思，去尿尿。
But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio. 	但却是以克罗迪奥之耳听到这个坏消息 
Her life is gonna be complicated, 	她的生活会变得一团乱， 
Well, last Thanksgiving, do you recall a customer buying this elephant and some cigarettes? 	你还记得去年感恩节有位顾客买了这大象还有香烟吗？ 
What if the prize were worth it? 	如果这值得冒险呢？ 
You think the last 17 years was a mistake 	你觉得过去的17年都是个错误 
As a full service hotel with a restaurant, lounge, fitness room, guest laundry and outdoor pool you'll have all the comforts of home when staying with us. 	作为一个有全套服务的酒店，我们有餐厅、休息厅、健身中心、洗衣房和室外游泳池，选择下榻我们酒店您会感受到所有像家一般的舒适干净。 
Every time I think about those big brown eggs, they piss me off.	每次一想到那颜色又好的鸡蛋，就很生他们的气。
You can't be two things....	她不可能俩种都是....
About tonight, son, I'm afraid I can't go. 	儿子，今晚，我恐怕不能去。 
This chemo process is then horrifyingly spread through a phone virus, that rings cell phones and those on their contact lists, to sound a special frequency, that kills the listeners.	这种化疗过程随后通过一个电话病毒令人恐怖地传播开来，这个病毒使受到感染的手机及其通讯录中的其它手机响起一种特定频率的铃声，可以杀死接听者。
Like a candle house in the wind.	就像风中的蜡烛屋一样。
TayIor, you better get out your billfold. 	泰勒，你最好掏出钱夹来。 
I'm tired of getting seasick	我受够了晕船
I could die or turn into a potato or start leaking unicorn poop out of my ears. 	我可能会死或变成植物人耳里冒出独角兽便便什么的。 
So I'd better run along of course, I'll phone you later this evening	当然，我还是赶快走的好，今晚我再打你电话
I ought to have told you.	我本应当先告诉你的。
Take me! No! 	抓我吧！不，抓我！ 
He denied rumours that staff would lose their jobs.	他否认了员工将人失业的传闻。
She was under the impression that the guy	她原本以为
Again, a traditionally conceived foreign policy negotiation founders on the inability to reconcile domestic policies.	又一次，传统意义上的外交政策谈判，因各方无力协调国内政策而失败。
I should do that too, shouldn't l? 	我也该这样做，对不对？ 
A credit report is a comprehensive report that authenticates and evaluates the legal and financial status of a company.	信用报告是对公司的合法性以及财政经营状况的综合评估和证明。
These might include everything from the un and nato to loose groupings of countries that support greater free trade, or that simply agree on the need for more accountable rulers in the arab world.	这些关系也许包括了从联合国和北约一直到支持自由贸易深入发展的松散国家联盟中的一切，甚至包括了一些共识不多，但都要求更加负有责任的统治者上台的阿拉伯国家。
Hydrogen and oxygen into this hole in my face	我刚刚把一些氢原子和氧原子倒进了脸上这个洞洞里
Yeah. Um... - I don't know. 	是啊，如何...- 不知道。 
I should put a bullet in your head.	我真该当着大家的面。
Mr brown's stance is part of a broader reticence to engage with the public that helps to explain why his ratings have sunk so low.	与公众交流时，布朗的立场显得有点儿沉默寡言，这也是导致他支持率降低的原因。
Watch your step. It's slippery with blood. 	注意你的脚下。都是血很滑 
Not a strand is missing.	一根也不少。
Because it traps more heat from the sun inside. 	因为它会将更多来自太阳的热量困在地表。 
What? Good thinking! 	什么？说得对！ 
So, you'll stay out of what will happen.	后面发生什么事，与你无关。
So I'm going through the anomaly and if you want to stop me	我决定亲自穿越异常点如果你打算阻止我
I respect you, chirpy. 	我尊重你，喳皮。 
Please take mine.	把我的戴上。
I'm assuming. Since the bitch is back.	我想是的。那贱人回来了。
And people who aspire to be like us.	以及那些立志想成为我们一样的人。
This year marks the deadline for industrialized members to meet trade liberalization commitments under the bogor goals.	根据茂物宣言，今年是该组织工业化成员国完成贸易自由化承诺的截止期限。
Candy, there's a crawford mackenzie here to see you.	肯迪，有位克劳馥麦肯兹要见你。
It was in the paper. 	报上登了。 
Well, we have top security clearance.	好，我们有最高安全资格。
Hundreds of people gave up trying to escape and, with or without their precious bundles, crawled into the holes that served as shelters; their charred bodies were found after the raid.	数百人放弃了逃跑的试图，带或不带细软，爬进防空洞里。空袭后，人们发现数百具烧焦的尸体。
Computers project the words of the hymns onto huge screens, and the temperature is perfectly controlled.	计算机将《圣经》上的字句打到巨大的屏幕上，并对温度进行极尽其好的调控。
See you soon. - OK.	我很快会来找你的。-好。
And that'll give you time for a cigarette.	你应该还有时间抽根烟。
Okay, just tell me where to go. - I'll take you myself. 	好，告诉我要去哪。- 我带你过去。 
I don't have money pay the bill 	我没钱付账 
I think it's talking to you.	我想它是在对你说话。
He wants an answer tomorrow night. We're having dinner in metropolis. 	他希望明晚给他答案。我们要去大都会晚餐。 
Hefei city suburbs tianhu scrap purchasing.	合肥市郊区天湖废品收购站。
But... You said the parachutes were just in case! 	但......你说降落伞只是以防万一用的！ 
He's from 1 876, Kate. 	他从1876年来，凯特。 
Eehh... Did you say, uh, alterna - something?	你们刚才说什么后备的... ？
What part of Queens do you want? Take us to the most common part. 	你们要去皇后区的什么地方？带我们去最平凡普通的地方。 
You're gonna keep your head down and your mouth shut.	你要低着头做人尽量少说话。
I went with him. 	我和他一起去了。 
They're the scum of the earth. - programmable, expendable, effective.	他们根本是人渣- 他们好用、能牺牲又肯出力。
But if that doesn't interest you and you want to go back to the suburbs, 	但是如果你没什么兴趣想回郊区， 
My ambition is what got me the latitude to make things happen at this agency.	我的野心是造成这里欣欣向荣的动力。
When it comes to expanding a family, there are lots of factors to consider.	谈到添丁的问题，有很多因素需要考虑。
You know, fingering through this house.	掌管这家里的一切。
Sadly this heartwarming display of sisterhood has come to an end.	好姐妹抢着认罪的戏码到此结束了。
Right to his face over the phone -	在电话里对他们出言不逊-
Four of the herbal mixes contained relatives of parsley.	4种草药混合物含有欧芹属成分。
I wanted you to get down.	我期望你能更实在些。
Would you like to hit this? Would you? 	想抽一口吗？伙计？ 
Sell my Ritalin to meth mouths at school.	或者把利他林卖给学校的瘾君子。
About tonight. 	今天晚上还是。 
Going to screw, knock boots,	会黏在一起，翻云覆雨，
I gotta have the ideas and do it all alone.	我想点子又谈判都是我一人在做。
We carve acorn buckets. To hold flower paint. 	我们刻橡子桶。装花卉染料。 
This whole ruse that I just threw on was just to fill out my tribe exactly how I need to work things.	我的这整个策略就是想给部族灌输我那套行事方法。
I got them right where I want them.	我想抓他们就能抓住的。
But it takes good instincts to know when it's time to stop following. 	但只有拥有良好警觉的人才知道何时该放手停止追踪。 
Of where they might come from.	因为这里有他们故乡的写照。
You just make sure I get them back. Yes, sir.	你得保证我能将它们拿回来是的。
When she found out that that affair was with anotheran,	当她又发现与他丈夫偷情的竟是个男人，
He's divorced but so what? No kids to raise. 	他是离过婚，但是又怎么样，反正没有孩子。 
Although only professional artists were invited to the strictly closed-door event, cheng was detained by police for his "pornographic art".	警方以表演“色情艺术”拘留了成力，虽然仅有一些专业艺术家被邀请参加这场严格进入的表演。
I can't expect a young lad like yourself to be -	我不指望像你这么年轻的小伙子能-
You cannot let this airplane leave without us.	你们不能让它就这么飞走了把我们丢在这里。
We will send you the poll card 10 days.	我们会在投票日10天前,把投票通。
That went straight to hell.	直奔地狱。
Croutons got his board, he got their bowl.	孩子们用他的冲浪板，他坐在碗里。
Not even for some cashmere toe socks? 	为了羊绒五趾袜也不行？ 
Then how did it get on your elbow?	你的肘部怎么也有？
A couple of years ago they burned and looted a town of 3000 people.	几年前他们放火打劫一个三百人的小镇。
Hey, I was wondering where I could find a book on embroidery? 	嘿，我想问哪里能找到关于刺绣的书？ 
Hey, beau. How are you doing? 	嘿，鲍。你好吗？ 
Just a guy trying to figure things out.	我只是要将事情弄清楚的人而已。
Why would any responsible american politician want to erase that vital distinction?	有任何理由让任何有责任感的美国政治家想去抹杀这个重要的区别吗？
Simon: why did you choose to do the same song?	为啥你老唱同一首歌？
I was going to blow her off, but - 	我本打算拒绝她的，只是 -  
With the attorney general, is there?	会面的，是吗？
Hey, you wanted the s. U. V. Right?	你不是想要辆越野车吗？
Four months after becoming secretary of state, upshur offered a statehood treaty to texas.	在厄普舒尔就任国务卿四个月后，他向德克萨斯提出了给予其州地位的条约。
I'd like to see him plowing his way through the appropriations bill.	我很想去看看他在政府年初预算案中是如何表演的。
He's extremely strong.	他看来非常的强
But l say. In the interest of science. We must. 	不过，出于自然科学的重要性，我认为这是必须的。 
Wang jianzhou also said apple had promised to make an iphone compatible with china mobile's td-lte standard when its next-generation model comes out.	王建宙还提到，苹果公司承诺，下一代产品面世时，将生产一款和中国移动的td-lte标准兼容的iphone。
It would be better to pull the plug on him than to keep his life in such a torture.	与其让他在这种折磨中敬且偷生，不如让他安乐死去。
Okay, we may only get one chance to catch this thing,	听着，我们只有一次机会抓住这个小东西，
Qinghai jingke tibetan pharmaceutical industry sharing company ltd.-dragon enterprise in qinghai.	青海藏药产业龙头企业青海金诃藏药业股份有限公司。
In a hotel room, leave a tip for the hotel workers who clean your room.	在宾馆里，要留下小费给对清理你房间的宾馆工作人员。
I was talking to the kid. 	我和这孩子在聊天。 
In the 1980s the army alone had 780000 soldiers, all of them volunteers.	1980年代，光陆军就有士兵78万人，都是志愿兵。
I used to play here as a kid. 	我小时候在这里玩过。 
Lara. A cycle of poems 	拉娜，一本诗集  
Another guy gets capped by a mugger 	另外一个在被强盗用枪击中后 
You know, I think that was ''dry clean only.'' 	我以为那件衣服是“只能干洗”的。 
Well, I'll be damned. We did it.	好吧，我废了。我们成功了。
Whether the metal grid supporting the acoustic units is concealed or exposed and numerous other conditions.	支承隔音材料的金属格棚是采用隐蔽式还是裸露式以及其他许多别的问题。
There's been damage to city property.	你损害了市有财产。
Yeah. Yeah, terrific. 	是啊。是啊，真不错。 
Just hitting the road. 	只是在闲逛而已。 
How does Colin play cheep? 	科勒怎么下流了？ 
She's a housewife when she's not teaching english, that is.	她是个家庭主妇--是指她不教英语的时候。
Why don't we just snatch her ass up when we get to the diner? 	为什么我们不在去吃饭的时候把她抓起来呢？ 
Why does he always sit alone? I'm going to go over there. 	为什么他总是一个人坐？我要过去陪他。 
Was there a fight in this room?	有人在这房间里打架吗？
Okay. I'm gonna get rid of your little 	好。我来搞定你这的 
Um, I hate to do this, but I should go.	呃，尽管不想，但我必须去。
Yeah, actually, I do. - Adam, we're from down below.	对啊，我真这么想。- 亚当，我们都是下界人。
His shoes are clumpy, his hair's a bit gay...! 	穿着笨重的皮鞋他的发型有点像同性恋的…！ 
The moment of youth. 	年少的时代。 
I suggest you ask Dr. Adams if he wants van gelder returned.	我建议问问亚当斯医生，是否要求凡·格尔德回去。
Is your red flower still blooming?	你的初潮还没过去吗？
When a typhoon strikes, 	当台风来袭时， 
I don't even know what's in here. Look at this. 	我都还不知道这里放了些什么东西。看这个。 
He come through here all right, but where he went I couldn't tell you.	他的确是到这里来了，但我不知道他在哪里。
All men will become slaves 	所有壮丁听候赵军的差谴 
We were in the den having our coffee after dinner. 	当时吃完晚餐我们正在书房喝咖啡。 
I also am a architect. 	我也是个建筑师。 
Then he's off into high school. Right. 	他就能升高中。是。 
You were thinking, wanderlust, adventure, frequent flier miles.	你在想什么，在想这失迷的，冒险，旅程有少里地。
He said he needed the attention on account of his parents dying.	他说泰迪在他失去父母的事上需要更多的关怀。
But you have to know these things. 	但是你应该知道这些事。 
AII right, thank you, everyone. Thank you. 	好了，谢谢大家。谢谢。 
Or if you decide to, you can head out right away. 	如果你认为可以了随时可以出发。 
Hey! Get over here. I wanna talk to you. 	嘿！过来，我想和你谈谈。 
From one to the other, abcaccelerating as it goes, 	从一头到另一头，不断将其加速， 
Your wife. She's the womanYou fixed, isn't she? 	你妻子。就是治愈的那个女人，对吧？ 
You know what else I heard?	你知道，我听说了什么吗？
Curious what I would do.	好奇我会怎么做。
We're gonna keep watching your brain for swelling. 	我们会持续观察你的脑水肿。 
Wanted to kill their babies, right? 	想杀害自己的孩子，对吗？ 
So long as I don't get to the story's end	我的故事讲来讲去都讲不完
Can you? - I don't even know his anatomy.	你行吗？我不清楚他的构造。
On behalf of scientists everywhere, I am ashamed to count you amongst us...	作为科学家，我真是耻于和你同伍…
When I grow up, I will come back to see you. 	我长大以后，会回来看你喔。 
They forgot us' cause we never got killed.	他们忘了我们，是因为我们还苟活着。
You know the words "once upon a time	你知道一生一次这个词
I mostly disapproved of your experiments with dr. Addy. 	我多半否决你跟安迪博士做实验。 
But you are not yourself.	但你不是你自己了。
They couldn't lick you.	他们打不垮你。
Our store is the biggest dealer in cloisonne ware here.	本店是此地最大的景泰蓝销售店。
I like that... No, I love that. 	我喜欢这个...不，我很喜欢。 
A weII - paid job	一份报酬不菲的工作
I'm really happy at the post. Excuse me. But I don't know why. 	我在工作得很开心。对不起。我不明白。 
I don't think the squirrels 	我不认为地松鼠 
Because he's absolutely hopeless in this way. 	他很没用。 
The guild pays us a caretaker's fee for each prisoner each year. 	协会每年按人头付给我们管理费。 
Thrill seeker missing one of the family jewels? 	善于寻求刺激还弄丢了一个传家宝？ 
I have a contact in Somalia. His name is Chad. 	我在索马里有联络人，他叫查德。 
No, it was in and it freaked out. 	它本来要进袋，却突然转向。 
By virtue of something ineffable and melancholy which enveloped him, she felt the look in his eyes which she could not see.	她看不见他的眼睛，却感到他的目光里有一种说不上来的难以表达和忧伤的东西把她裹住了。
Tit for tat, Mr. Hero.	一报还一报大英雄。
And I don't know your stance on hamburgers,	我不知道你对汉堡包是种什么态度，
Because then he'd be in his thing and he'd be like	因为如果是这样的话他会那样
You always said everybody dreams, even if they don't remember.	你总是说每个人都做梦虽然有时不记得。
I just figured, since you're the best forensic pathologist	我刚想到，既然你是城里最棒的法医
How are you gonna find it? I'll tell you how.	怎么找手电筒？我来告诉你。
Oh, OK. Are your girlfriend and friends staying?	你的女朋友和朋友留下吗？
I need a huge favor.	我需要你帮我个大忙。
You fucking psycho bitch! 	你这个精神病 
Okay. I'll give it a shot. Thanks.	好吧。那我就来试试看谢啦。
I don't want to take command.	我可不想发号施令。
The London papers have arrived from the Cape.	伦敦的报纸都到了。
The bigger, the prettier. 	愈大，愈漂亮。 
Luster, I want be no months busy, we need results,	听着，我不想那么忙，我们需要一个结果，
Then why didn't you say so? What?	刚才为什么不这么说？什么？
The trial was a painful experience-the opening of old wounds.	那次审讯是一件痛苦的事痛苦的旧事重提。
It's just a rope slip. 	只是个绳索逃脱。 
Decision, for some reason I've never forgotten that - and he 	出于某种原因，我永世难忘然后那个学生抽出了一份 
Sorry for pulling all those moves on you. 	抱歉，我对你做过的傻事。 
I mean, this gun, that could've been floating around for months. 	我是说，这把枪，可能被转手了很久。 
They may be discussing this problem.	他们可能正在论讨这个问题。
You see, I want to catch him just as badly as you do, 	看吧，我和你一样非常渴望抓到他， 
Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time.	我当然可以。你说的是时间，你不能让时光倒流。
Well, did you fuck him over? 	你还和他上床吗？ 
In a modern, well-equipped ( and often expensive) car, electronic systems like stability and traction control, along with anti-lock braking, will kick in to help the driver avoid an accident.	在当代，装备精良（同样也很昂贵）的汽车，诸如稳定控制系统和牵引力控制系统之类的电子系统，与防抱死系统相结合，有助于防止事故的发生。
I'm better bluffing at cards. 	我也就打牌时会虚张声势。 
What do you mean, his heart stopped beating? 	你什么意思，他的心跳停止了？ 
Did you ever consider not becoming a writer?	你是否考虑过作家以外的职业？
I have lost line - of - sight. Repeat, I have lost line - of - sight. 	我失去讯号，重复，我失去讯号。 
My patient is being poisoned by his own dear, sweet mother.	我的病人被他亲爱的老妈给下毒了。
You always think that you know everything. This is not the time to question him.	你总是自以为是。现在不是提问的时间。
6.00 kilometer(s) from Institut Kesenian Jakarta, known as IKJ, school of art 	距 Kesenian Jakarta 研究院 6.00 公里，俗称 IKJ，是一所艺术学院 
Uh, yeah. Go for Carmen. 	是的，我是卡门。 
And if she had, all the forgeries would have been discovered. 	如果她告了，所有的伪造行为就会给曝光。 
So, your mother should excuse me.	对不起。你妈妈了。
Take a close look at this. Look at the color scheme.	看仔细。看看颜色设计。
Maybe not the best time to mention it, but also you owe me 20 quids.	可能现在不是一个好时机,但是你欠我20英镑.
Uh, we're wasting time, come on everyone. 	呃，我们这是在浪费时间，各位赶紧。 
But your situational awareness? 	但是你的境况意识哪去了？ 
If you release the women and children, 	如果你释放妇女和儿童， 
Seven of the ten highest-scoring school districts in the state of s& atilde; o paulo had a private education company, coc, to manage their classrooms.	在圣保罗州，十个高分学校地区中的七个拥有私立教育公司（coc），来管理他们的各个班级。
Mandy, when would you like to start working?	雯雯，你甚么时候可以开始？
That she was starting to. 	她已经开始爱上他了。 
Actually, I don't think... 	实际上，我并不认为... 
A woman looks at him, he interprets it as a come - on.	异性只要多看他几眼他就咬定人家对他有意思。
Young, adult,	少年的、壮年的，
Wai is your parent `s friend.	伟叔叔是你爸爸妈咪的朋友。
But they want a woman...	但他们要女人我知道我很好...
You're heaIthy, right? Don't skip meals. I included a letter that arrived at our house.	你很健康，对吧？别不吃饭。我收到一封信。
And because it is a real sustainable solution, it has struck fear into the hearts of the fossil fuel industry.	而且，因为这是真正可持续的解决方案，已经触发了化石燃料行业发自内心的恐惧。
Yeah, of course I am. 	当然，感兴趣。 
I did not fly 10 freaking hours to get my ass melting in this limo.	我飞了该死的10个小时来这里不是为了在车里干坐着。
I'm trying to honor my true seIf, my dumber seIf. 	我是在想回归自我，那个很傻的我。 
Chloe, we have to find these terrorists. So why are you calling me? 	我们一定要找到恐怖份子。那你要我做什么？ 
When are you going to let placido go?	什么时候释放普拉稀多？
I was scared stiff but we made it.	我担心脚会僵硬，但我们挺过来了。
It was previously used for teaching but is now in storage, and deteriorating.	先前教师讲课还用过，可现在它静静地躺在仓库里，慢慢腐朽。
Tennis courts, lighted 	网球场，有照明设施。 
Katherine, wait. Will everything burn? Everything?	katherine等等一切都会化为灰烬么所有的?
By his own calculations, his proposals would splurge an extra 20 billion over five years.	按照他自己的测算，他的这些措施将会在未来五年额外挥霍200亿欧元。
No, no, it was two years ago. The kid died when we didn't settle.	不是，两年前。我们还没达成和解孩子就死了。
I feel I can speak to you now	我觉得我现在可以与你谈谈
Wall street lemonade. A dollar a lemonade. 	华尔街柠檬汽水一美圆一杯柠檬汽水。 
Mm, you don't know, uh? That's helpful. 	嗯，你不知道吧？真好。 
You said l was one of three lovers. Frank would be two. 	你说我是三个爱人之一。弗兰克是第二个。 
The 31-year-old former prosecutor has inherited the kennedy smile and the voluminous kennedy hair ( his is red; he looks more irish than his forefathers did).	现年31岁的前检察官继承了肯尼迪的笑容和多卷的肯尼迪式发型（他的是红色的，让他看起来比他的祖先更像爱尔兰人）。
A moment ago you were her son, the strength of Egypt.	刚才你是她的儿子埃及的希望。
27 Billion gallons of water flow through new york's sewage system every year. But most of it is clean rainwater.	每年有270亿加仑的水流经纽约的污水系统，但大多数都是干净的雨水。
And we are here with you 100%.	而且我们是绝对支持你的。
Let me see this motherfucker.	我来看看这鬼东东。
I could never take sides.	怎么可能偏向一方。
To think my wedding's going to be here! 	想想我的婚礼将在这儿举行啊！ 
I saw you going in this way	我看到你们朝这边走
No, stop, stop. You can't cancel on her.	不,不行，你不能跟她说取消。
We were going to be part of the second front,	我们将是第二战场中的一部分，
They hauled timber to a saw-mill.	他们把干木材拉到锯木厂。
That was no cherry bomb, that was c-4.	那不是樱桃炸弹,那是c-4.
In the morning enjoy of a delicious breakfast in our full-service restaurant and lounge, or later on try our lunch and dinner menus. 	早上在我们提供全方位服务的餐厅和酒廊享用我们可口的早餐，或者随后品尝我们的午餐和晚餐。 
Some countries are occupying the capital of japan, croatia, such as cuba, democratic cambodia, czech and slovakia.	有的国家是以占领首都日为国庆节的，比如古巴、民主柬埔寨、捷克斯洛伐克。
He's still got heartbeat, he only fainted 	心脉还有，只是昏过去 
Because the state of the ice affects the climate of the whole planet.	因为冰的状态会对全球气候有影响。
And I should be given meaningful consultation. 	我有理由给点儿建设性意见吧。 
The arpanet and the pdp-10 cultures grew in strength and varietythroughout the 1970s.	贯穿70年代，arpanet和pdp-10文化变得愈发强大而多变。
Nita, I think they found out where we are.	尼娜，他们发现我们了。
His party holds a solid majority in congress, and with four years until the next election, the government will hope that the voters have time to forget.	总统所在党派在国会占据了绝大多数，地位稳固，而且离下次选举还有四年，政府希望选民还有很长的时间来遗忘这些不愉快。
But for some reason libby decided to.	但是因为某种原因利比决定要.
We're having a debate about the survival of the species - 	我们刚才在争论人种的生存- 
When I walked in, all the girls in the office were in a tizzy. 	当我走进去时，办公室的所有女孩都很紧张。 
We're going to tell the parents what really happened. 	我们要去告诉那些家长到底发生了什么事情。 
We'll just have to pretend we're not at home.	我们就假装我们不在家。
Oh, not your vintage galactic sheets!	别躺在你最好的银河铁道之夜床单上！
How in the Hans Christian Andersen am I supposed to parade around in these goofy boots? 	我穿这双烂靴子要怎么见人呀？ 
So get on with it.	就别大惊小怪。
Accidents could happen...	可能会发生意外事故…
Bethlehem, Helsinki, west Berlin and the great barrier reef,	伯利恒、赫尔辛基、西柏林、大堡礁现场直播，
If it got into his heart... 	如果发展到心脏... 
So while he's having his heart attack, 	所以当他心脏停止跳动时， 
It can cause acid reflux. We should scope you. 	它也会造成胃灼热。我们得对你做深入检查。 
That it's been nice working with you again. 	又跟你一起打了场漂亮仗。 
Well, I was hiding in the wardrobe in the spare room, and... 	喔，我躲进了一间空屋的衣橱里... 
dotted line represents 1/32" thk. clear acrylic spacer to create slot for insert 	虚线表示1/32"厚透明亚克力间隔片，可用于形成插槽 
Mr. lamy said that if trade statistics were adjusted to reflect the actual value contributed to a product by different countries, the size of the u.s. trade deficit with china-$ 226.88 billion, according to u.s. figures-would be cut in half.	拉米说，如果贸易数据被刻意更改来反映一种产品对一个国家的实际贡献价值，那么对于美国对中国的贸易逆差额2268.80亿美元，如果按美国数据统计，就会减少一半。
In the short run that includes keeping fiscal-easing measures in place, at least until there is less deflationary slack in the economy.	从短期来看这包括常备财政缓和政策，至少要坚持到经济中通缩引起的萧条有所减少。
Ah, a present. 	啊，礼物。 
Like trom above, looking down. 	在漂浮中，向下看去。 
Seems like he's gone away, and I'm not so sure he'll be back. 	好像他已经走人，而且恐怕不会再回来了。 
Well, I guess you could.	我想可能是的。
Hey, my mom was murdered, too. 	嘿，我妈妈也被杀了。 
With the help of harman international which specialises in car sound systems it came up with an electronic device that is wired into the engine and follows the revs to produce a synthetic engine noise.	在专门从事汽车音响系统的哈曼国际集团（harman international）的帮助下，英国莲花工程公司研制出了一种电子装置，通过与发动机电路连接，随着转速产生一种人造的发动机噪音。
I have paramedics hanging upside down.	我们还有几名护理人员倒挂在车里。
Prices on five-year credit default swaps for dubai's debt blew out to iceland-like levels as investors factored in the risk that the emirate long assumed to enjoy abu dhabi's implicit backing might be left to fend for itself.	迪拜债务5年期信用违约互换（cds）合约的价格飙升至类似于冰岛的水平，投资者计入的风险是，这一长期被假定为得到阿布扎比暗中支持的酋长国，可能不得不自找生路。
Right? Some people, they're always gonna show up.	对吧？有些人他们总能挺身而出。
Have a care what you wish for. 	当心可别乱许愿 
He can say whatever he wants. I say we fight back, play the gay card.	咱们也不能示弱。把他有断袖之癖这猛料也暴了。
In an environment and a situation and a mission. 	在这个条件环境任务中。 
After richard reid's foiled attempt to detonate the bomb in his shoe on an american airlines flight in december 2001, jihadists have mostly avoided hard targets such as planes and government buildings.	自从2001年12月在美联航的班机上，里查德雷德引爆藏在其鞋子里的炸弹的企图被挫败后，圣战组织成员就开始回避一些硬性目标，比如飞机和政府大楼。
In the next grotto the tourists can experience absolute darkness where even cats don't see anything.	下一个洞穴中，游客可以体验绝对的黑暗，那里即使是猫也什么都看不见。
We need short enough to see some thigh, but not so short to see vag. 	又要保证暴露大腿，但不能走光。 
Who doineed to screw to get a goddamn smoothie?	我该跟谁干一个才能喝上一瓶饮料啊？
All I see is some shadow climbing through her window. 	我只看见一个黑影爬进她的窗户。 
I have no intention of letting you die.	我并不想把你至于死地。
Spirit guide transformation magic. That's kind of a biggie, actually.	会穿越魔法的。灵魂导师，很强大的那种。
I say we find another place to drink...	我说我们找个地方去喝酒吧...
We were both young when I first saw you, I close my eyes and the flashback starts, I'm standing there on a balcony in summer air.	我们首次见面的时候我们都很年轻我闭上眼睛心随思绪游我站在那里在夏日的阳台上。
When we all know it has moved to the next stage? 	干吗还在这兜圈子？ 
However, I think that it would have served you way better to come out ere 	但我认为你如果能够站上舞台 
He doesn't have a job for you right now. There's no new funding till after the election. 	他现在没有适合你的工作竞选后，才会有新投资。 
Who do you think gave me their names? 	你认为是谁把他们的名字给我的？ 
Part of this sort of this inveterate calvinism, 	即根深蒂固的加尔文主义， 
As they dance for the very first time.	因为那将她们第一次闪亮登场。
Who did this to me? 	是谁在对付我？ 
It would seem that	我们就像迷宫里的老鼠
But I know he would simply love it. 	但我知道他会喜欢的。 
Do I look like the kind of girl	你看我像是
From paradise? 	离开天堂？ 
Coming? Yeah, I'm coming.	来？给你，你是个美人。
She was in the barn eating pears, so she said.	她称，自己当时在仓库吃梨。
I'll meet you at your house at 7:30.	我会在7:30在您家见您。
John - John, come on. We're just gonna do it one more time, then we'll go. John - John.	约翰-约翰，快来。再做最后一次，完了就回去，约翰-约翰。
You were right. They're looking at a score. 	你没说错。他们已经锁定目标了。 
The merest noise is enough to wake her.	最轻微的声响就能把她吵醒。
But, still, there are many, many enemies. 	但是仍然有许许多多敌人。 
Uh, I couldn't see what it was, 	但我不能看清到底是什么， 
It's great you're writing. 	今天很适合你写作。 
Then the stele was soon removed, and a cave under the ground appeared.	于是石碑被移开，露出一个地穴。
Some of my mom's friends say they've lost 20 lbs. 	我妈妈的一些朋友说，他们在两周内。 
In 2008 ms ni dhulchaointigh decided to go it alone and build her own brand.	2008年，尼杜尔奥伊蒂小姐决定自行营销并创立自主品牌。
In history they're signing up people for a trip to Germany next spring.	我听说以往这时他们就组织大家报名参加春季德国之旅了。
That's why I've C0ME up with s0 many excuses	才想出那么鬼点子
I'm going to check out on misun	我去找一下敏珊
But I do know you're gambling with the lives of those boys just so you can beat montgomery into messina.	但是我的确知道，你在用部下的生命作赌注以便你比蒙哥马利先拿下墨西拿。
No doubt, barra realizes that another streak like the$ 18 billion in losses over the past 15 years could sink the company.	毫无疑问，芭拉已经意识到，任何闪失——比如过去15年累计亏损180亿美元的失误——都会给整个公司带来致命的打击。
I can get you an escort, okay? Full - time. 	我可以派一个护卫好吗二十四小时保护你。 
Hey, I already gave him a snow globe. I can't top that. 	嗨，我已经给了他水晶球了。我还能做什么呢。 
If you're sleeping with them because you like them... 	如果你是出于喜欢才和她们上床... 
Why not? He's gone dark. 	为什么不行？- 他把手机关。 
Does it, is it gods speed that we give ourselves over to frenzy.	是吗？难道上帝要我们陷入狂乱吗？
Level five? 	你这么出色？ 
A viewer can scan the barcode with their cell phone to access a mobile version of the print, with the actual audio overlaid on it.	观看者可以使用自己的手机扫描二维码获得画作的手机版，原声已加载在上面。
What were you doing in there? We need to get him to hospital.	你在里头干嘛呢？我们要把他送到医院去。
From the empirical world. 	在经验世界之外。 
Endure eat away backing substance and sealed backing, bear platen, deway. Eketrical equipment insulate spares.	耐腐蚀衬材料及密封衬里，支承滑块，导轨、电器绝缘零件。
Already doing and is working with breeds to do. I don't think that	现在也仍在做着。我认为事实上
Gradually their talk died out and drowsiness began to steal upon the eyelids of the little waifs.	他们的谈话渐渐平息了，小流浪汉们困了，上下眼皮打起了架。
Back up. - you back up.	后退。- 你后退。
Circle around back. 	包围后面。 
That's all. Oh, right, this is the, uh, underwear business. 	仅此而已。噢，就是你的内衣生意。 
Does Nicole screw well? What?	尼克尔做得舒服吗？什么？
I could have my revenge.	我可以报仇。
Hey, hey, hey... I didn't kill him. 	嘿，嘿，嘿...我没有杀他。 
In the law, god declares the just and convicting truth that all people have failed to keep his law and have sinned.	神在律法中宣告公正确凿的事实世人犯了罪，未能遵守神的律法。
A letter that miss have sham received 20 minutes before the wedding.	一封富人小姐在婚礼前的二十分钟前收到的。
Officials are reported to have earmarked the old compound for government housing units.	据报道称，官员已经指定这座陈旧的封闭院落作为政府住房单元。
Aspergillus would explain the pneumonia,	曲霉菌可以解释肺炎，
I lost a man today. A kid. 	我失去一名手下，他还很年轻。 
The kids are playing tag over there.	小孩子正在那儿玩捉人游戏。
I'm going to start my readings. 	我要开始我的讲演了。 
Being the boss of the triad, you need to fight har	最强的黑帮老大，不但会打架
I don't know if I can bite this. It's crunchy.	我不知道我能不能咬的动它它很脆。
Tonight, I'm being honest with you. 	今晚么，我跟你说实话吧。 
Come on. He's an artist. 	别这么说啊。他很有才华呢。 
Which is why it's a damn good thing I took pictures on my phone and printed 'em out. 	所以幸亏我用手机拍了照片打印出来了。 
But ultimately, you discover - you saw "the nanny diaries"?	但是最终你会发现... 你看了"保姆日记" ？
Can I take that for you, sir?	我帮你拿好吗，先生？
Being curious is okay. 	好奇是正常的。 
He's a couple steps behind her 	她男朋友接到个电话 
If I was to write a book, 	如果我要写书的话， 
How I long to be in that kingdom between saffron sheets, 	我多么渴望去往藏红色被单之间的王国， 
He must've realized our feelings 	他一定发觉了我们的感受 
Speak to you tomorrow, Max yes? Ciao for now.	明天再说，马克斯？好再见了。
Than we actual have for still being here. 	你该给我们发逮捕令去抓他。 
The us would surely have gone berserk.	美国当然会暴跳如雷。
She must have held on to it. 	她肯定保存下来了。 
I'm afraid she's quite right. I had to pull them off her. 	她说得没错。我得把他们拉开。 
Its openly exuberant and sobering tale of a boy and his best friend, who just happens to be a death-bringing robot with excellent restraint, is probably the most cerebral sci-film made over the last 10 years that isn't more depressing than auto-tune.	它生机勃勃，讲述了一个男孩与他最好朋友间的故事，只不过他的好朋友碰巧是个有着超强自制力的“死神”机器人而已，它可能是近10年来所拍摄的有关大脑的科幻电影中，比《auto-tune》还轻松的片子。
A guy in a wheelchair. 	是个坐轮椅的人。 
Cannot convert tryptophan to niacin.	不能转换色氨酸向烟酸。
I found this on the desk in his bedroom. 	我在他卧室的写字台上找到的。 
She'll understand, and it'll all work out.	她能理解的，然后就能解决了。
I used to think it was strange, too. 	我以前也觉得这想法有点怪。 
Directing customers to the further reaches of the long tail can be a challenge, but lovefilm has built an unusually sophisticated recommendation engine with the help of former amazon employees, which asks customers not only "did you buy it?"	引导客户到达长尾的远端可能颇具挑战性，但lovefilm已在前亚马逊（amazon）员工的帮助下，创建了一个异常先进的推荐引擎。它不仅会询问客户“买了吗？”
So you were the no?	你不来了么？
Come on, you know him and all of his "darkness within" bullshit! 	得了，你知道他和他的狗屁“黑暗生物”！ 
But it's the lattice crust that makes this a classic Dutch - style apple pie. 	但其实栅格状的饼壳才是正宗荷兰苹果派的要素。 
Would you just see if thereare any large transfers?	你能不能看看有没有大的转账啊？
As a city official it's important	最为一个政府官员很重的一点就是
My lady Jane. Who calls for her?	简女士。谁找她？
I took my clients with me.	我把我的客户也带走了。
But that's in pencil, so you can rub it out as soon as I've gone.	但那是用铅笔画下的所以你可以等我走了之后把它擦去。
But once it's over,	但是试验结束后，
But also it's a mark in the landscape. 	但账篷也是地标。 
Especially when it's Joni's last summer at home. 	尤其现在是乔妮在家的最后一个夏季。 
You gotta believe me! I didn't do anything wrong! 	你得相信我我什么都没做！ 
Cliff, you know how my wife is about her darling baby brother. 	克利福德，你知道我的妻子有多疼她那个宝贝弟弟。 
But a year ago, my wife passed away, bless her soul, and since then I have been deeply reflecting upon life.	但是一年前，我妻子死了，愿上帝保她的在天之灵，从那以后，我开始深深地反思人生的意义。
Monochrome printed matter, polychrome printed matter.	单色印刷品、多色印刷品。
Flipping around through the channels, and I came across this documentary. 	反复换频道，恰好调到这档记录片 
If she already has another parent, I would be your husband,	因为她已经有了另一个母亲了，我能成为你的丈夫，
There is risk. - yes, risk.	一切投资都是有风险的。-对，有风险。
Wyatt has asked me to be his bride.	怀亚特向我求婚了。
Ottoman architecture in cairo-the age of the mamluk beys.	开罗的土耳其建筑－马穆鲁克土耳其拜伊时代。
I mean, Reverend Wright really did say those things. 	我是说，怀特牧师真的说过这些东西 
On the cuff. Sit down. Papa, get your pants on!	会记在账上的。先坐下。爸爸，你也来帮忙！
Bubble the shark thinks so! 	泡泡鲨鱼也这么觉得！ 
Use only night-lights in your room or nearby lights that shine a bit into it, as you need to sleep in darkness.	只在房间里利用一点夜间照明，或者附近可以照射进来的一点光，因为你需要在黑暗里睡眠。
It giveth and it taketh away.	它贡献资料并且散发出去.
At present, sab china resources snow beer has a 49 percent stake.	目前，审计局中国华润雪花啤酒有百分之四十九的股份。
Not have given much attention to the customs.	怪不得海关随便就放他进来了。
I had heard you were silent.	我听说你的嘴很严。
I wanna marry you more than anyone's wanted to marry anyone...	我想娶你的决心。
Keira plays the young version of celia graves ( gabrielle anwar, in older form), getting a taste for the period vibe that would define some of her biggest future successes.	凯拉扮演的是年轻版的celia graves（gabrielle anwar旧的写法），她在这其中尝到了一点能定义她今后一些巨大成功的短期的氛围。
We're secure here. Whatever comes out of that hole, shoot it.	我们在这里很安全。无论什么从那里出来，就开枪打它。
I guess that's math in junior high or something,	我想最多是用到了初中数学知识吧，
Okay, class, settle down. That's enough high jinks for one lesson.	好了，同学们，安静下来。这堂课闹够了吧。
But there are about 3,500 species of crustacean today. 	今天，甲壳类动物大概有3500种。 
But there has been a last - minute change of plans.	但计划临时有变。
Many of the kinds of bacteria found to be less common or absent after circumcision were anaerobic--meaning that they don't need oxygen to grow.	许多种类的细菌并不常见，是种厌氧菌这就意味着他们不需要氧气就能生长。
Maybe she said something to someone that'll give us somewhere to dig.	可能她对谁说起过什么能给我们点线索。
Since last September. Anyone? 	从去年9月到现在有人举手吗？ 
And what time is your bond hearing today?	你的保释听证会是今天什么时候？
We got enough for some bread, peanut butter,	我们有足够的面包花生酱，
He's been jealous since the day we met. It drives me crazy. 	从我们遇见那天起他就开始吃醋。这简直要让我疯了。 
I smashed his face into the toilet. 	我把他的脸打进了马桶里。 
Four different running modes are available.	有四种驱动形式可供选择。
How many rooms in the facility?	一共有几个房间？
Find some closure.	给事件画上句号。
Can we go now, please? Daddy, please? Yeah, sure. 	我们现在可以走了吗？爸爸，求你了？是的，当然。 
Part of this complexity comes from the many ways in which our genome interacts with the environment.	这种复杂性的一部分来自于我们的基因组和环境间存在多种交互方式。
You paged me 9-1-1.	你用911呼我。
If north korea launches an improved unha-3,-4 or-5 rocket later this year, could the u.s. preemptively shoot it out of the skies?	如果朝鲜今年发射改进的光明星3号，4号或5号火箭，美国能否先发制人将其射下天空？
Betrayal, of course.	当然是背叛。
He has a right to confide in his lawyer. 	他有权对他的律师吐露秘密。 
The worst thing - the - the - the worst thing I've ever heard.	一件丑事一件......我听过的最丑的丑事。
Hey, funke, why don't you... Why don't you come to my house on Friday? 	嘿，芬奇，不如你…不如你周五来我家吧？ 
Maybe you beat me, but you'll be tapped out, 	你也许能赢过我，但会弹尽粮绝， 
But you must release my wife!	但是你们必须放了我妻子！
You don't run away from the chopper. No, no... 	你跑不掉的。不，不... 
It took our guys 10 minutes. They had to knock the thing down. 	我们花了10分钟。得把门砸开。 
Some friends who saw the screen were blown away by the images; others were bothered by them and had to avert their eyes.	有的朋友在看到萤幕中的画面时会拍手叫绝；有的则感觉不舒服，不得不调开视线。
Now, what do you suppose the...	现在，你怎么想的...
Lulled by the moonlight	在月光中减弱
But you're not the only person I know. 	但是你不是我认识的唯一的人。 
It struck me that her past... 	她的过去，对我来说… 
Wait. You say this from experience?	等等，这是你多次结婚的？
Released after two days, unharmed and with only the promise of payment, woolverton said that over subsequent months he received several phone calls demanding the past-due ransom, but he just hung up, and eventually his kidnappers stopped calling.	伍尔夫顿在两天后被释放，毫发无伤，仅仅是承诺会支付赎金，伍尔夫顿说在那之后的几个月里，他收到很多索要赎金的电话，他都会挂断，最后那些绑匪就不再打电话了。
Take a quick day trip into the Los Angeles area to visit key Southern California attractions including Disneyland?, Knott's? Berry Farm, Universal Studios?, Hollywood, Raging Waters?, and the Pacific Ocean via many of the beaches and piers of Southern California. 	享受到洛杉矶参观加利福尼亚州南部的景点的快速一日游，包括迪士尼乐园?、纳氏?草莓乐园、环球影城?、好莱坞、狂潮水上乐园?，以及通过许多海滩和加利福尼亚州南部的码头来了解太平洋。 
Eastery egg hunter ever! 	找复活节蛋的猎手！ 
Put your hand in the hole!	把你手放进洞去！
No pushing. We'll all get a chance. 	别挤。大家都有机会采访。 
A gaggle of photographers and journalists met their car kerbside and her husband was whisked away to a press conference.	一群摄影师和记者围住了他们停在路边的车，她丈夫随即被带往记者招待会。
I was the midwife at your birth. 	我就是你母亲的接生婆。 
They'll be here in a few minutes. Calm down. 	几分钟后就到。冷静下来。 
Oh. You didn't like it? No. 	哦。你不喜欢？对。 
Competing for the same space - time continuum. 	为了争夺在同一个空间的存在。 
And how much more do we have to pay for the express?	搭特快车我们要多付多少钱？
So while china may be the home of almost every other labour-intensive industry in the world, fruit-picking ( and fruit-growing of course) is increasingly moving to countries with lots of land and water i.e. the us and brazil.	中国或许是世界上几乎所有“劳动密集型”产业的中心，但是水果采摘业（当然还有水果种植业）正日益转移到拥有大量土地和丰富水资源的国家，即美国和巴西。
A statement on the website of chongqing's public security bureau says the 'springtime offensive' campaign will run through late june, and quoted mr. guan as praising the city's anticrime campaigns in recent years.	重庆公安局官方网站上的一份声明说，“春季攻势”专项行动将持续至6月中旬，并援引了关海祥的话称赞了重庆近年来的打黑成效。
Of course you'd say that. Of course you'd think it was crazy.	你当然会那么说。你当然会认为那很疯狂。
The online retailer opened its data center to developers in 2002, making microsoft and google the challengers.	这个在线零售商子啊2002年的时候把它的数据库开放给编程开发人员，令微软和谷歌成为挑战者。
Somebody shot her in the head.	有人对着她的头开枪啊。
According to you, I don't even know who I am. 	据你所说，我都不知道自己是谁了。 
And you want to look your best after your crash, right? 	你想在车祸后看起来处于最佳状态对不？ 
On second thought, we can't.	不，我们不能不管。
We were all struggling to face the fact.	我们都努力面对现实。
Sir, we found it. 	先生，我们找到了。 
It is your fault we were forced to flee from lran.	我们被迫逃离伊朗是你的错。
So, that's it? - I'm sorry.	就这样吗？-我很抱歉。
Come on, Thomas. I told you to stop that now. 	快点，汤玛斯。你给我马上停下来。 
Sure you don't want dessert? Yeah. 	你们确定不要甜点吗？是的。 
Men usually come to maturity at the age of 20.	男人通常20岁成熟。
Dan akerson gave his european unit a less-than-ringing endorsement in a recent interview with the wall street journal.	在《华尔街日报》（Wall Street Journal）近期对丹•埃克森做的一则专访中，他对欧洲分公司并未给予明确支持。
So you get the tumor. Where have you been? 	所以你要得肿瘤你去哪了？ 
The noise would have provoked alarm and neighbourly concern.	吵闹本会引起担忧和好意的关注。
Oh, yes, yes. I laid in a few supplies.	好的，我们还有些牛奶的。
You actually expect them to obey you?	你真的以为他们会臣服于你吗？
Okay, so they have more experience. They have more talent.	好吧，就算他们经验更足更有才华。
On other issues, such as afghanistan and pakistan, both candidates prescribe a mixture of soft power and military force, quibbling over details such as whether the us should openly declare its readiness to strike al-qaeda in pakistan rather than adopt such a policy without explicitly saying so.	在阿富汗和巴基斯坦等其它问题上，两位候选人都主张软实力和武力并用，回避一些细节问题，诸如美国是否应公开宣布准备好攻打巴基斯坦的塔利班，而不是采取不宣而战的政策。
We would have to repeat the ending...	在拍一次结尾。。。
I don't want this bit. I'm calling the police. 	我不想听了。我要报警。 
Does their president know what he's doing?	它们的总裁知道自己在做什么吗？
My legs are giving out, man, and my hands are sweating rivers! 	我腿要撑不住了。我满手是汗！ 
It's just open so -	把嘴巴就张成这样-
A 6 - month relationship with her. She's solid. 	我和她有过6个月的恋爱关系。她很可靠。 
Manure covers up the smell of the slaughter house.	粪便可以掩盖住屠宰房的味道。
Simina is with him? What? 	席敏娜跟他？什么？ 
It did not get rid of the Bolsheviks, 	但布尔什维克分子并未就此绝迹 
And now she is ringing that bell again...	她现在又提这事...
You were when I met him, and he fell in love with me.	我认识他的时候，他已经爱上我了。
Interesting face.	有意思的脸。
That was double overtime.	哦，那次打了两个加时。
Leaves me outside in the parking lot 	把我们留在停车场里 
Summarized the characteristic of new-style road ticket, note when using.	简述了新式路票的特点、使用时的注重事项。
But what am I going to do	但是我该怎么处理这些
Determine the most important segment of the breakout - 	决定好逃脱时最重要的部分 - 
But stranger accidents have happened. 	不过，怪事儿也不是没有啊 
I'll take it in any form.	无论如何我都会抓住的。
Why, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here? 	是一瓶香槟。它为什么在这？ 
You need to be adroit. I admire you.	你的手需要很灵巧。我羡慕那样。
It's not mine, if that's what you're suggesting.	孩子不是我的，如果你在暗示这个的话。
SPG-TV, Open Hotel Information Channel 	SPG-TV，打开酒店信息频道 
Pretty sexy, huh? 	很性感，哈？ 
You know what the good news is?	你知道好消息是什么？
Hey, uh, you gave me the 100 - meter Freestyle. 	嗨，呃，你给我安排了100米自由泳。 
No, but we got people in common.	不，但人们总有相同点。
I looked everywhere.	你当时情况很差。
Look, um, not right now, but maybe you and I could meet up later, and I could take it down then. 	但是不是现在，但也许咱们可以这事儿之后再见那时我再记下来。 
For what was she made, anyhow?	她生来究竟是为了什么？
That was just... Seconds ago.	可是那只是... 几秒前的事啊。
You caught yourself a break, pretty.	你得到了喘息的机会。
I read about the black beast this morning. 	今天早上我听说了黑色野兽的事情。 
Why was that spot so bothering you?	为什么那地方这么困扰你呢？
Mr. dinorscio should be held in contempt of court.	狄诺西尔先生在藐视法庭。
Do you guys want to do a shot? Shots? We love shots. 	你们也要来点吗？喔，我们喜欢。 
Oh, fuck dude! 	噢，操你们的！ 
Participants were unwared that the session was being videotaped through a hidden carmera.	参与者不知道整个研究过程正在被一个隐蔽的摄像头进行录像。
Gypsy.	吉卜赛人。
Because you have trusted me with your children. 	因为你们放心把孩子交给我。 
I can't let yo through. 	我不能让你通过。 
You're the observant one. Observe.	你一直是个善于观察的人。再仔细找找。
No - one else could have done what you did. 	你做的那些再没人能做到了。 
All right, I've got the bank statements.	好，我拿到银行对账单了。
We were led to it by a package containing a gauntlet, 	我们利用一只也是同一时期， 
Somebody's been doing his buns of steel video.	有人跟著“钢铁玻璃”录影带运动。
I'm okay. I'll be right back.	我很好。我会回来的。
Bucky! What's up, man? Congrats, man. 	嘿！伙计，怎么样？恭喜啊，伙计。 
I must have been half concussed.	我刚才一定是昏了头了。
The changes that the scientists have seen from space.	科学家们从太空中看到的变化。
You had the audacity 	你好大的胆子 
British "daily mail" reported that more than 40000 dead crab ( also known as devil crabs) has been washed the south east kent coast.	英国《每日邮报》报道，4万多只死梭子蟹（又称魔鬼蟹）近日被冲上英国东南部肯特郡海岸。
Othe research problem should be well formulated.	很明确地表达问题。
I'm very sorry to hear that.	听到这个我真的很难过。
Still I reminisce about the girl I miss.	我常会想起那位令我牵挂的女孩。
Shave her head, I say.	我觉得，应该把她的头给剃了。
Which she didn't tell you about.	她没跟你说。
Things just got a little tense with us,	咱俩之间关系有点紧张，
Either answer it or turn it off.	不接就把电话关掉。
What are we supposed to say to the people back home who care about her?	我们要怎么跟回家问候她的人解释呢？
Are we done yet? Can we go? Nope. 	完了吗？可以走了不？不。 
Look at that. Oh!	你看啊！哦！
There was no spark. Trust me. 	哪儿有什么火花。相信我。 
Some of their best jokes are about cripples.	一些最好笑的笑话都是关于瘸子的。
Article 3 the term "proposer" as used in this act means a person having an insurable interest in the subject-matter insured who applies to an insurer to enter into an insurance contract and is obligated to pay a premium.	第三条本法所称要保人，指对保险标的具有保险利益，向保险人申请订立保险契约，并负有交付保险费义务之人。
You think I care about being deported? 	你觉得我在乎被驱逐出境？ 
I sent this to you. Why don't you ever listen to me... Have you seen this system? 	我把这个给你，你为什么不听我说你见过这样的装置吗？ 
Back, Neck & Shoulder Massage 	背部、颈部和肩部按摩 
This woman is abrasion bowles afresh.	这个女人又在洗盘子了。
After dinner, of course. 	当然，先吃饭再说。 
Over time and through many experiments by many physicists, the standard model has become established as a well-tested physics theory.	随着时间的推移，经过许多物理学家的众多实验积累，标准模型已经成为一个经过良好验证的物理理论。
No, no. I don't trust anybody.	不，不。我不相信任何人。
My brother tried to kill me.	我兄弟想置我于死地。
Jane galloway was someone he could control.	简是他能控制的人。
We got eyes on the whole tech level. All right. 	我们现在技术楼层尽收眼底。是的。 
Well, my memory isn't so good. Sometimes I get a little confused. 	唔，我的记忆不是很好。有时候我会有点迷惑。 
A comissioned rank in the u.s. army, air force, or marine corps that is above captain and below lieutenant colonel.	少校官阶：美国陆军、空军或海军在上尉之上而在中校之下的军衔。
How about this guy here? Come on, folks. 	是不是他呢？大伙儿，快看。 
If all this sounds daunting, it is.	如果这些事情听起来令人望而却步，实际上确实是这么回事。
I didn't know she had a boyfriend.	我不知道她还有个男友。
Of course, that is an argument against badly designed bank bailouts, like the one in america, which has cost us taxpayer hundreds of billions of dollars, much of it never to be recovered.	当然，反对实施设计糟糕的银行紧急援助方案美国的银行紧急援助方案，已经花费了纳税人数千亿美元，而其中很多资金是再也没办法收回了是有道理的。
Hm - he wet the bed again 	恩- 他又尿床了 
Listen to me, Sam. You cannot pull a stunt like this again.	听我说，萨姆。你不能再像这样出轨了。
At my command, each of you will throw a grenade,	听我指挥，每人扔一颗手榴弹。
don't forget the moon's influence on man. 	别忘了月亮对人的情绪也是有影响的。 
You don't mess with that and survive.	你不可能在离间他们后还能相安无事。
We're gonna stay in touch. 	我们要保持联络。 
Great, what can you charge? 	很好，你们能起诉什么？ 
So I left because every time we're together.. 	所以我走开了因为每次我们在一起... 
Dennis and eckhardt did not invent trend following.	趋势跟踪不是丹尼斯和埃克哈特发明的。
Quinlan vos has that effect.	昆兰·沃斯是有这种功效。
Put down the gun, jerk! Or I'll kill you all! 	把枪放下，混蛋！不然把你们统统打死！ 
The high doses of herbal mood enhancers not only caused particularly vivid side effects, 	大剂量的草本情绪增强剂并不仅仅导致梦幻般的副作用， 
My son has always loved basketball. 	我儿子一直都热爱篮球。 
I'm going clubbing with Kimmie Keegan. Yeah! 	我和吉米·基根要去酒吧。嗨！ 
You're not well, are you? 	你身体不太好，对吧？ 
You just emptied your account? 	九十八块二？你刚把钱提光？ 
You think there's another copy of Inkheart out there, let's find it together. 	你觉得在那里有墨水心的副本，我们一起找吧。 
In Peking conducted by Li Delun	一起准备一次演出
I'll sIide this under your door love, Augustine.	我把这封信放在你门底下，吾爱，奥古斯汀。
So they might have left prints, 	所以他们也许会留下指纹， 
Similarly, when starbucks's howard schultz asked gass to take control of its operations in europe, the middle east and africa, she said he put it this way: "it's yours.	与此类似，当星巴克的霍华德•舒尔茨请加斯掌管欧洲、中东和非洲业务时，她说，舒尔茨是这么说的：“这块归你了。
But the thing I felt the most, much stronger than fear,	但比恐惧感觉更强烈的，
He doesn't need to. 	不需要。 
I finally got a scoop. 	我终于搞到独家新闻了。 
Put your pants back on. What are you doing? 	穿上你的裤子，你在做什么？ 
Like I let you all down. I don't know when it happened. 	我都不知道是何时开始。让你们失望。 
In general, any molecule that is attracted to water molecules is said to be hydrophilic ( water-loving)	通常，任何被水分子吸引的分子都称为亲水的(喜水的)。
Screw the government. 	去他的政府。 
Let's get you outta here.	你得出去走走。
Let's just get through the day. 	今天就这么过吧。 
Go to medical school. Mm - hmm. 	去医学院深造。嗯。 
Hey, wanna do a little stretching with me? 	嘿，想不想一起拉拉筋？ 
Good job today. 	今天做的很好。 
It's a Chinese girl, I met her in China 	是一个中国女孩，我在中国认识的 
Avoiding a trial altogether.	免得打到终审法院。
The only person who can take over from nerio winch is me. 	唯一可以继承尼里欧·温奇的人就是我。 
But I need you to run a background check	但是我需要你帮我查一下一个叫
According to imperial, the financial crisis hasn't hurt demand for top nannies, because the super-rich haven't been effected by the crisis.	据皇家保姆称，金融危机并未损害对顶级保姆的需求，因为这些超级富人并没有受到危机的影响。
She was now a mother, a widow, who realizes that it is best that her daughter get married, though it means that she herself will be lonely. And through it all she showed her real self.	此时的她是一位守寡的母亲，明白女儿出嫁才是最好的选择，尽管这意味着自己将只能孑然度日；在此全过程之中，原节子展现出的还是其真实的自我。
?? I was just thinking that, by faking his own suicide,	我只是在想捏造一起自杀，
Charles and I wish to act in your sister's best interests. 	卡里斯和我都希望能好好招待你妹妹。 
But we don't incarcerate pre-trial 	但我们在审判前不应将他关押 
A general strike paralized all paris that day.	那天一次总罢工使整个巴黎瘫痪。
5.00 mile(s) from Concordia University 	距肯高迪亚大学 5.00 英里 
And I'll give you a half a crown. 	我将给你十二点五便士。 
In the bathroom, you'll find upgraded fixtures, a curved shower rod, hairdryer and bath amenities. 	您可在浴室里发现升级装置、弧形淋浴杆、吹风机和洗浴设施。 
Mom says eat plenty of fruits and vegetables is good for my health [ fanyi] aleatory.	妈妈说多吃水果和蔬菜对我的健康有好处。
All right. What am I getting?	我拿着什么呢？
One of my favorite auditions today. 	今天我最欣赏的演唱之一。 
In this weather? Even if they can't 	在这样的天气里？就算他们什么都帮不了我们 
Make love? What are you, a girl? 	做爱？你是什么，一个女孩？ 
She told me Ben Lee gave it to her.	她说是本·李给她的。
Come on, hit it. Stop, thank you. 	加油，踩到点上。停，谢谢。 
I hope some of those photos turn up in campaign ads one day.	我希望有朝一日这些照片中的某些会出现在竞选广告里。
Before yesterday ms wu had refused 17 court summonses, citing ill health.	在昨日之前，吴淑珍以健康不佳为由，17次拒绝接受庭审。
We only have a warrant for him, for now. 	我们现在只有一张许可证，就现在而言。 
I really didn't hear it in the inflection. 	我可没听出来。 
Just kept ringing.	就一直响没人接。
It's good to see you, bails. 	很高兴见到你，小贝。 
Follow Highway 69 to Highway 400 to Highway 12 West to the corner of Highway 12 and King Street to the BEST WESTERN PLUS Highland Inn & Conference Centre. 	69号高速公路后进入400号高速公路，然后进入12号高速公路向西行驶，到达12号高速公路拐角进入国王街，到达贝斯特韦斯特高地优质酒店和会议中心。 
Or the funniest or the most ambitious.	不是很风趣，也不是很有上进心。
Wife's taking care of the twins, so... 	我妻子在照顾双胞胎，所以…… 
Just weeks ago italian politicians seemed determined to stop lactalis, a french dairy giant, from taking control of parmalat, italy's biggest manufacturer of milk products.	几周前，意大利政府似乎决定要阻止拉克塔利斯（lactalis）这家法国的乳制品巨头对帕玛拉特的收购，后者是意大利最大的乳制品企业。
The square root... 	平方根... 
I was thinking of making you chief drilling engineer.	我本来考虑让你成为钻井总工程师。
Im not sure how long U'll be	我不清楚你们要去多久
Enjoy my amazing art. 	好好欣赏我的艺术品吧。 
To understand why mubarak was toppled relatively easily, in contrast to the bloodshed in libya, we need to push the analysis deeper and ask why mubarak lost the support of the army, whereas gaddafi maintained loyalty on the part of a sizable number of subordinates who were willing to kill and be killed on his behalf.	要明白为什么穆巴拉克相对而言会十分容易地被推翻，相对而言比起在利比亚的杀戮，我们需要更进一步地去分析为什么穆巴拉克失去了军队的支持，卡扎菲却仍能拥有一批数量不小的愿意为他的利益进行屠杀或被杀的属下。
1. Emphasizes the need for strengthening the educational system in the Palestinian territory occupied by Israel since 5 June 1967, including Jerusalem, and specifically the need for the establishment of the proposed university;	1. 强调需要加强自1967年6月5日以来被以色列占领的包括耶路撒冷在内的巴勒斯坦领土的教育系统，特别是需要设立拟议的大学；
I know he's your client, but be careful. 	我知道他是你的客户，但小心了。 
The hens were scratching about in the yard.	母鸡正在院子四处觅食。
Not that you'd remember.	不是你们记忆中的那样。
Why were they in your house in the first place?	它们为何会在你家？
For the orphans?	在孤儿院说这个吗？
She's been on dialysis but has exhausted all viable veins 	她在接受透析但静脉已超负荷现在出现了败血症 
In the current free flow of human resources, war for talent intensifying.	啦在当前人力资本自在活动、人才抢夺战愈演.
Well, I pulled some fragments from the laceration. 	我从裂伤中提取了一些碎片。 
I'm sick of the way this family	我受够了咱们家如此浪费钱
But what if gordo's not being immature? 	如果戈多并不幼稚呢？ 
He didn't look up. He was quite, uh, ordinary. 	他没有抬头。他很，嗯，普通。 
About 50% of lambert's buyers so far are foreigners from asia, say people close to the community.	了解该社区情况的人士称，到目前为止，兰伯特牧场有50%左右的买家是来自亚洲的外国人。
Women exaggerate a lot.	女人夸大了很多。
But I was able to tourniquet them off with this bandanna I found. 	但我找到手帕自己止血了。 
It has determined upon which day all the jews of the kingdom will be slain.	这取决与国内的犹太人再哪天被杀光。
Billy, pull forward! Pull forward! 	比利，往前！往前开！ 
In any case, I won't talk to you again.	无论如何，我都不会和你再说话了。
Her investigations might have led to her death.	可能是那些调查把她推上了死路。
Why is he calling? I don't know. 	他为什么打电话来？我不知道。 
It's like I - I need a crystal ball or something. 	就像我需要个水晶球之类的。 
Okay girls! Ready? Let's line up and have a great show.	好吧，姑娘们，准备好了吗？排好队，我们把秀走好。
Jinyu see I don't marry squealing days, returned to iron house.	金玉见本人不必嫁给啸天了，又回到了铁家。
Our earth allies understand the whys and the hows of disclosure.	我们的地球盟友明白为什麽和怎麽样去「揭露」。
Well I could come up with a nickname for you.	好啦我也可以给你取一个爱称的嘛。
It merely provides that each of you is heir to the other's property. 	仅仅规定你们是对方的财产继承人。 
So, fuck you, yeah? Fuck you. 	你了不起哈？真了不起。 
I'll see you tonight. Yeah. 	今晚见。好的。 
Had arranged blade and stamen, install next go up in landscape miniascape, become the narcissus miniascape of a lifelike silver-colored snake mad dance namely.	把叶片和花蕊整理好,然后装在山水盆景上,即成一盆栩栩如生的银蛇狂舞的水仙盆景.
To my personal safety deposit box, please. 	使用我的私人保险箱。 
The company made me do this.	公司让我这样装的。
She's having a party tomorrow. Today she's cleaning her room.	明天她会有个晚会。今天她要打扫自己的房间。
All right. How do we get down?	好吧。我们怎么下去呢？
It is to her that beckett's humour-there in his plays, under it all-finally surfaces, even if it is a certain type of misanthropic comedy: "I've been reading in your grand baudelaire and the holy bible the story of the flood and wishing the almighty had never had a soft spot for noah."	对于她，贝克特展露了戏剧中的幽默，不管是深层的还是最终一览无余的幽默，甚至是在悲观厌世一类的喜剧里：“我已经读了你宏伟的波德莱尔和圣经中洪水的故事，希望上帝从未对诺亚情有独钟。”
That's one thing I've come to find out. 	我也是为此而来的。 
If you have a client and they don't like the photo 	如果你有一个客户而他不喜欢这照片 
During the anti-japanese war, at the premise of maintenance of their own benefits in shangxi, yan xi-shan, head of shanxi local strength, adopted different political strategies to japanese imperialists, the cpc and jiang jieshi group, which fully manifests their repeatability and complexity.	抗日战争时期，以阎锡山为首的山西地方实力派，从维护自身在山西利益的前提出发，对日本帝国主义、共产党和蒋介石集团采取了不同的政治策略，充分体现了其政治策略的反复性和复杂性。
Oh, play Doe barber shop? 	噢，玩具理发店？ 
My family is just peachy.	我的家简直桃色的。
And Jimmy pulls me down and greases this guy that was right on me.	把我推开杀死了我身后的那个家伙。
He just managed it. 	实际上是替别人打工。 
But you can't take the scars of high school out of the girl. 	但是你却不能把高中的痕迹从这些女孩子身上去掉。 
Boring? - Yeah, a bit. 	很无聊是吧？- 是的，有一点。 
So, the head of marketing comes in to choose people for the Midwest audit. 	市场部的头头过来选人做中西部的审计。 
The chinese group must also price so-called off-take deals of its products on an arms-length basis by sales teams in australia that will reference international benchmarks.	五矿还必须在公平交易的基础上，由澳大利亚的销售团队参考国际标准，来为所谓的产品承购交易定价。
Do you mind if I use your phone? 	介意我用一下你的电话吗？ 
Let's sit down and talk	我们坐下来，慢慢聊
Yeah. And the women were even worse! 	是啊。那些女人就更疯狂了！ 
You promised you would do this.	等等，你答应了的。
A subtle mauve chiffon. Dude, really? Mauve?	一条精致的淡紫色雪纺裙。兄弟，真的？淡紫色？
4 For I am conscious of nothing against myself; but I am not justified in this, but he who examines me is the lord.	林前四4我虽不觉得自己有错，却也不能因此得称义，但察验我的乃是主。
And what makes you think that? This is your kind of thing. 	为什么你会这么认为？因为这很合你的脾性。 
Thetimes, as america's paper of record, comes under more pressure than any other publication by pressure-groups to get their favoured terminology and metaphorical frames adopted.	纽约时报作为美国报业的领头羊，受到压力集团关于特权术语和隐喻性的陷害方面的压力自然多于其他出版物。
Additionally, some areas near the crippled power plant, saw relatively large doses of radioactive cesium deposited on the ground.	此外，在严重受损的核电站的附近部分区域，地表沉积的放射性铯的含量相对较高。
They don't. They are falling.	它们没有漂浮着。它们正在坠落。
Hello, this's Claire and Philippe's home 	喂，这是克莱尔与菲利普的家 
Thanks for letting me join you boys. 	多谢你们让我加入。 
However, he insists china must give enhanced rights to tibetans wherever they live.	但他坚持认为，无论藏人居住在哪里，中国都必须赋予他们更多的权利。
So Carl turns up at this funeral reception 	卡尔不请自来地去了酒会 
It's "take your daughter to work" day, which I object to on feminist grounds. 	今天是" 带女儿来上班" 日，作为女权主义者我反对这件事。 
No, and I have a very special gift for remembering ex - girlfriends -	我记前女友可是天赋异禀啊-
From the trauma.	可能会有些失忆。
Maybe we'll meet again.	或者我们会再见。
Two minutes. Just tell him it's here. 	两分钟、两分钟就告诉他钱到了。 
Twitter has become a second home for the young.	twitter现已成为了年轻人的第二家园。
Then why are you afraid to go trick-or-treating tonight?	那你晚上怎么不敢参加活动呢？
Yeah! I'm gonna kill them!	啊！我要杀了他们！
89.00 mile(s) from Austin 	距奥斯汀 89.00 英里 
And sometimes things go astray.	做生意总是会出事。
When sirena opened, there was a spot of bother with some extortionate bandits; now, says mr novikov, russia is "becoming more law-abiding" ( even if the bureaucratic hurdles have increased).	赛琳娜饭店开张之时，那里曾有一处是非之地，一些暴徒常在此进行高价勒索；如今，诺维科夫先生说，俄罗斯变得越来越“守法”了（尽管官僚上的障碍有所增加）。
I remember everybody was reading that when I first moved to New York. 	当初我移居纽约时大家都在读这本书。 
It's a steering wheel lock. 	是一个方向盘锁。 
I can take them away again, easy. 	我也可以随时让你们去死。 
I knew it. There's no weight gain. 	我就知道。体重没有增加。 
It's crazy, but it happened. 	很疯狂，但是发生了。 
I'm the first clone, but I'm rebelling like any normal child that's gone bad. 	我是第一个复制人，但我正和正常孩子一样变得叛逆。 
No lines in the parking lot.	她画的停车场也没划线。
That is so sad.	那太悲哀了。
Very gratifying for a captain who has to have a keeper on his tail. 	很感激的是船长有个监管人在船尾。 
The communist parties throughout the world must firmly oppose this war and also the criminal action of the social-democratic parties in betraying the proletariat by supporting it.	全世界共产党都应该坚决反对这种战争，反对社会民主党拥护这种战争叛卖无产阶级的罪恶行为。
You don't want to do this deal, then you might as well just kill me, because this deal is the only thing that I have.	你不做这笔买卖，那你干脆杀掉我得了，除了这笔买卖我一无所有了。
That's what you wanted, isn't it?	你不就想要这样吗？
I - I need a little more guidance! 	我-我需要一点点提示！ 
Pardon me. Any free bodies can hear a complaint?	不好意思。谁有空接听投诉？
A lot of people are gonna be pissed off at you, so... 	很多人会责怪你，所以… 
Over the past 3 years, 	在过去三年里， 
It's the fourth building on the right. Get an ambulance just in case.	是右边的第四栋。叫上救护车以防万一。
Well, his hormones will close it for you.	他的荷尔蒙会帮你完成的。
Although you are very young and unattractive to boot!	你虽然又年轻又难应付！
Yeah. Some genius thought it would be funny to throw	听说了。看来某位仁兄认为将
Object infamous entertainment welfare trait 1.ejection.	反对声名狼籍的娱乐福利的特征。
I can't say it doesn't make sense...	听上去也挺说得通的...
I am unaccustomed to not having someone's full attention. 	我可不习惯无法获得某人的完全关注。 
And what is this anomaly?	但是这个不寻常多的元素是什么？
You make an excellent point. 	你说得很有道理。 
You're all soft inside...	你在梦里那么轻柔...
I have a boyfriend, too. 	我也有个男朋友。 
I'm fond of him. 	我对他有好感。 
I hope your kids get cancer. 	但愿你的孩子也得癌症。 
As part of a direct order.	作为命令的一部分。
I stole that because I thought you were in trouble. 	我偷它是因为我以为你遇到了麻烦。 
Here is the endless blue waters, some of them spotted dark green, sometimes like to wear really beautiful birds.	下面是一望无际的湛蓝的海水，其中有些斑斑点点的碧绿色，就像真美羽有时戴的。
The hell I don't. Those peach tulips belong to you...	我真不该这样，粉红郁金香是属于你的。
My mom told me she had to drive into the town to run errands.	我妈妈告诉我她得开车到城里去办事。
She says you can't put the genie back in the bottle.	她表示，我们不能把妖魔放回瓶子里去。
And get them all up on deck!	把他们疏散到加班上去！
Some real interest and importance in themselves.	我认为都很有意思，并且也非常重要。
You're so smart? You don't even know when to apologize! 	你很聪明吗？你甚至连什么时候该道歉都不知道！ 
A coarse texture will not take a high finish.	质地粗糙的东西是涂不光滑的。
Western media could critisize and accuse the government and can disclose the dark side of the society.	西方媒体可以批评和指责政府,可以揭露社会阴暗面。
He might be offered a job in the government	给他一官半职的
Trouble to kill a nobody like Nash. 	去杀一个像纳什那样的无名小卒呢？ 
Must be very hard for you to be surrounded by the	再次被死亡的恶臭环绕
I've had both of them, but what they seem to forget is that they both paid for the sex. 	我和他们都搞过，但是他们好像都忘了他们是付了钱的。 
Are you OK?. Yeah. I'm studying. 	你还好吗？很好。我在学习。 
Parties in the process of contract, breach of law, contrary to the principle of good faith, resulting in the contract could not be substantiated, and to the other losses incurred damages.	缔约人在订立合同的过程中,因违反法律的规定,违背诚实信用原则,致使合同未能成立,并给对方造成损失而承担的损害赔偿责任。
You've already removed me for the duration of the trial. 	我自己也不准备继续参加庭审了。 
Who's gonna walk me down the aisle? 	我结婚时谁陪我走向圣坛啊 
Right. And then I say "yeah.	对。然后我说" 喜欢。
She voted not only for the fearsome spending cuts put forward by the republican leadership in the house of representatives, but also for the even more ruthless ones proposed by the republican study committee.	米歇尔大力支持共和党于众议院提出的大刀阔斧到可怖的开支削减提案，而且对于共和党研究委员会提出的更加“惨无人道”的削减议案，她也是投上了赞成的一票。
Take Interstate 70 West out of Baltimore. 	上巴尔的摩70号州际公路向西。 
I mean, who knows what the implications 	我是指谁知道这件事情 
I thought I've been seeing strangers lately. 	我觉得我最近一直遇到陌生人。 
Although I have to tell you, 	不过，我得告诉你， 
Wang mang was a controversial figure in the chinese history.	摘要王莽在中国历史上一直是一个颇有争议的人物。
That if they spotted you while we were out	我说如果谁能在玩的时候遇到我们
Yeah, yeah, which doesn’t get us to 55 or 61?	好吧，好吧，这不能让我们得出55或者61.
Listen, stop being so overconfident, Ruffin.	听着，别过度自信，拉芬。
Above all, there was the question: could the provisionals make a cease-fire stick?	首先，有个问题，那就是临时停火协议能起作用吗？
Because stronger financial regulation is now so central in what needs to be done and because unco-ordinated financial regulation, unlike unco-ordinated fiscal policy, cannot succeed.	因为加强金融监管是当前需要处理的核心要务，还因为金融监管若不协作就不可能获得成功这一点与财政政策的情况不同。
I can walk; it's only a mile.	我可以用走的；就一哩路。
I had them release it from evidence.	我让他们把它从证据中拿出来了。
How close to downtown?	离市区多远？
Deaf people use sign language.	聋哑人使用手势语。
Physiological characteristics and its application of lactobacillus acidophilus.	嗜酸乳杆菌的生理特性及应用。
So we are all on the hook for $1.2 million. 	所以我们每人要赔120万。 
You have an older sibling! 	你已经有一个比你大的姐姐了！ 
I really did think you'd love it. 	我就知道你喜欢。 
In 1952, wu chengen wrote novels "journey to the west", emersion "the three of us are walking together, must have my teacher" this sentence.	公元1952年，吴承恩写成神魔小说《西游记》，再现了“三人行，必有我师焉”这句话。
I am surprised, and honored.	我很惊讶，也很荣幸。
I strongly believe that although singapore is small, it's not impossible to have a few more commercial movie directors.	我深信，新加坡虽小，但是多几个商业片导演不是不可能的。
On a beer run. I got a dude that cocked us up. 	喝酒啊。我在那边有熟人罩着。 
Me too, well either way I have that part - time job from hell. 	我也是，说真的我不想去做兼职。 
That's 4:00 in the morning in Vegas. 	换算成维加斯时间则是凌晨4点。 
Think we can wake her? We should see to things right away. 	你觉得我我们能叫醒她么？我们现在要谨慎点。 
Vice minister of the propaganda department of cccpc, secretary of the party leadership group and director general of the state administration of radio, film and television.	现任中共中央宣传部副部长，国家广播电影电视总局党组书记、局长。
Two boxes a week.	每周两盒巧克力。
And preparing banana porridge, or ma toke, is a daily ritual. 	准备香蕉粥，或蒸香蕉是日常仪式。 
Like... Someday you met a guy - 	就像... 某天你遇到一个男孩- 
I sold everything. We even sold the senior home. 	什么都卖了。连老人院都卖了。 
Do not open or show other rooms to guest without permission.	没有经过允许不要开其他房间给客人看。
...puerile, schoolboy humour.	既幼稚又学生气的幽默
Access : Métro : 7  Place Monge  10 : cardinal Lemoine Bus : 47, 67, 89 Gare : Austerlitz Gare : Lyon. 	路线：地铁：7 号线，蒙日广场站，10 号线： cardinal Lemoine 站；巴士：47 路、67 路、89 路；火车站：奥斯特里茨车站、里昂车站。 
I gotta work on my set. I gotta get my jokes together. 	我要为了我的位置而努力。我要和我的笑话作伴。 
It's not human error.	不是人为失误。
They couldn't afford anything better.	他们买不起更好的。
You're doing it again - talking.	你又做了-说话。
But he hangs around until the situation arises where they die. 	但是他在别人快死的时候就出现。 
I had to go to ed's wholefood store, ok?	我去艾德的健康零食店了好嘛？
Ten years. We didn't find him for ten years. 	十年．我们花了十年都没找到他。 
The baggage carousel has broken down.	行李传送带失灵了。
President bush friday ordered expanded u. s.sanctions against what he termed the "illegitimate" government of zimbabwean president robert mugabe.	美国总统布什星期五下令扩大美国对他所说的津巴布韦总统穆加贝“非法政府”的制裁。
I heard my mother and the women whispering.	听到我妈和那个女人在窃窃私语。
Tell me if you can, what makes a man 	如果你知道请告诉我，怎样才能成为一个男人？ 
I went up there for a week to set up loans, housing. 	我去了那儿一周处理申请贷款，和住宿的事。 
How do we know when we're in the clear?	如何分辨移植成功与否？
You went out three or four times. 	你们约会过三四回。 
I `m not blaming on you, but you should talk to him on every issue	我不是怪责你，但凡事都应跟他商量
Cynical? I think I'm the very opposite of cynical. 	愤世嫉俗？我是愤世嫉俗的反义词好么。 
The motor city recently filed for bankruptcy with about$ 18.5 billion in debt.	汽车城最近因负债185亿美元而申请破产。
Jad. It's Lara. John needs a favor. 	积特，是罗娜约翰请你帮个忙。 
Sure. Great. Let me know if you find out anything. 	好啊。太好了。一有发现就告诉我。 
Oh, get a life. I'll just tell my supervisor. 	哦，别想了。我会告诉我的主管。 
Like the doubts over his innocence... 	像对清白的疑惑… 
Now, those do exist, 	即便，存在一些档案， 
God, wouldn't you give anything to go back?	你不会想不顾一切回到过去吗？
Of course not! That's creepy. - yes.	当然介意！听着都恶心- 就是。
She said they were consistent with the social brain theory, which suggests the human amygdala evolved to deal with an increasingly complex social world.	贝瑞特教授说调查结果与社会脑理论相符，该理论认为人类杏仁核的进化是为了应对愈来愈复杂的社交世界。
I haven't laughed that hard since I was a little girl, thank you! 	从我是个小女孩以来，我已经很久没这么大笑了，谢谢你！ 
You're so thin. You eat it. 	你太瘦了。吃些吧。 
Okay, shut up now. Nice work, camer. Give him the list again 	好了，闭嘴，干的不错，卡麦伦给他清单 
Learn the samba. 	学个桑巴。 
Altogether the volunteers logged 433 unintentional actions that they found themselves doing-an average of twelve each.	总共自愿者们记录了433件他们发现他们所做的无心的活动，每个人平均12件。
It's always a girl.	总是一个女孩。
Yes sir, I'll be around here until ten o'clock in the morning. 	是的，明早10点钟之前我都在。 
This is never forgetting that the lowest bidder made your weapon.	忘了你手上的武器是由最低价的承包商得标制造的。
Mr sokol had bought shares in a company, before recommending that berkshire consider acquiring it.	索科尔先生在建议波克夏公司（berkshire）考虑收购一家公司之前买了它的股份。
It would seem like a date because it would be a date. 	它看上去像个约会因为它就是一个约会。 
I have passports hidden all over the world! 	我在世界各地不知道藏了多少本护照了！ 
And because things that are easy become habit, 	因为一些事很容易就会成为习惯， 
Less measurable but no less profound is a sapping of confidence across our land-a nagging fear that america's decline is inevitable, and that the next generation must lower its sights.	比较无法测量但同样深沉的，是举国信心尽失持续担心美国将无可避免地衰退，也害怕下一代一定会眼界变低。
It has been one of the more high-profile sufferers, being forced to announce eye-watering losses and cut thousands of jobs.	据较为高调受害国之一，被迫宣布眼浇水损失和裁员数千人。
So, there's nothing more I could have done, 	所以我已无力回天了， 
If there wasn't something on that tape worth listening to. 	他也不会费神去设个机关。 
In our georgia brewery, we use ionic air rinsing--which is just air instead of water--to clean our bottles.	我们的乔治亚州啤酒厂使用离子空气清洁技术，用空气来清洁啤酒瓶，而不是用水。
Then I tried to go back to sleep, heard a door slam, 	我就想回去睡觉，接着听见一声门响， 
Yeah, hi, what can I get you? 	嗨，您想点什么？ 
With the death of Charles Chinese Gordon. 	“中国人”查尔斯·戈登阵亡了。 
If that's how God goes about his business,	如果上帝是这么行事，
Glad we understand each other. 	很高兴我们互相理解 
You're a terrible accountant.	你真是个糟糕的会计师。
I saw men killed,	我看到男人被杀，
But don't hate me.	可是你别恨我。
If she thought of these things, she'd begin to scream and bawl like prissy.	要是她还一心去想那些事情，她就会像百里茜那样嚎叫起来了。
You don't matter. You don't matter! 	你们不在意的话。你们不在意的话！ 
Not for a second. I knew you'd pass the test.	哪能啊。你通过了测试。
I can tell by your face	你看你的样子出卖了你了
Something with aliens.	关于外星人的。
Yeah, about Warrick, what exactly happened in court today? I tried to talk to him, he just shut down. 	嗯，关于沃里克，法庭上到底怎么了？我想跟他谈谈，他就是不肯开口。 
Well, if you shoot me, 	如果你真开枪打我， 
Uh, no. I'm good, thanks.	呃，不。我很好，谢谢。
The army had perfected the use of terror as a means of controlling the population.	军队已经深谙利用恐怖手段控制民众之道。
Maybe this will send a message.	或许这件事能留下些信息。
I'm trying to eat. You should try the breakfast. I hear it's great. 	我正想吃饭呢。你应该试试早餐。我听说很不错。 
So let me show you what she gave me. 	所以看看她给了你什么。 
Did you like the game? What? 	你喜欢这个游戏吗？什么？ 
Just to make your life a waking nightmare.	把你的生活变成活生生的噩梦。
You used to hang around with Doug MacRay a little bit, huh? 	你以前经常跟道格麦克雷在一起，是吗？ 
Look, just because you're moving up to homicide,	听着，虽然你调到了凶杀组，
You want me t let bygones be bygones? 	你要我既往不咎？ 
The kirklin clinic, university of alabama health services foundation birmingham, alabama.	年完成阿拉巴马州伯明翰阿拉巴马大学卫生办事基金会开放病院。
I love rocks. 	我喜欢石头。 
She's gonna lose her mind.	她一定会发疯的。
And a great number of people went after him because they saw the signs which he did on those who were ill.	有许多人，因为看见他在病人身上所行的神迹，就跟随他。
The mistress of murderess row...	女犯之五…
Algeta's researchers have exploited this to produce a drug that is taken up by bones. In someone who already has cancer that is a good thing, because the radiation produced kills the cancer cells, and the drug gets concentrated where it is needed most.	algeta的研究员正是利用这点研制出了一种被骨骼吸收的药物，对已有癌症的患者是件好事，因为产生的放射性会杀死癌细胞，药物也会聚集在最需要的地方。
You need to find yourself a sponsor.	你应该给自己找一个监督人。
Every one of these girls is my competition.	在比赛中的每个女孩子这12个人。
Get out! There's a search. All right. Go and search. 	出去！我们要搜查。好吧，尽管搜吧。 
About the knighthood.	关于骑士精神。
He said he killed nine people?	他说他杀了九个人？
Did you ever think it would turn into this? 	你想过这一切会变成这样吗？ 
Lets you know he's a liar. 	他在撒谎。 
What would have happened if we - don't. 	如果我们当年-现在会怎么样？别。 
But when things don't go her way at home, then... 	但回家却会发现不能事事随她意，所以…… 
Tell me why you deserve to live.	告诉我凭什么放过你。
Or teaches immune cells to recognize and attack the organism,	或使免疫细胞能识别并攻击致病微生物，
Do you have a pen? Yeah. 	有笔吗？有。 
And so as I worked my way through it, I thought: 	所以通过我的工作，我想： 
I want my life back, dad.	我想把我的生活要回来，爸。
Okay, fine, just say one then.	好吧，那就讲一个吧。
We can stay there right through the Mardi Gras 	我们可以在那里待到狂欢节结束 
Blended learning is the preferred option, and even a predominantly online mba programme will normally have a face-to-face element of some kind, if only for a few days.	混合式学习方式是首选，甚至连以在线学习占主导的mba课程通常也会采取某种形式的面授，即使只有几天时间。
But I think if I'm going to grow within this company, 	但我觉得如果我要和公司一起成长的话， 
She doesn't have any bones! 	她真的没有骨头的！ 
So? Do it. 	去？就去呗。 
But holmes was thinking more about sir henry than about stapleton's cleverness.	可是福尔摩斯对亨利爵士比对斯台普顿的狡猾考虑得要多些。
Not a bad start to the day! 	干的不错啊！ 
Can be fundamentally wrong conclusions.	会产生基础性错误。
For whether I am in chains or defending and confirming the gospel, all of you share in god's grace with me.	无论我是在捆锁之中,是辩明证实福音的时候,你们都与我一同得恩。
And informed me that their client.	告诉我他们当事人的。
Where their next clue is waiting. 	下一条提示在那里等着他们。 
The fear of the lord is seen in hating evil: pride, a high opinion of oneself, the evil way, and the false tongue, are unpleasing to me.	敬畏耶和华、在乎恨恶邪恶那骄傲、狂妄、并恶道、以及乖谬的口、都为我所恨恶。
So now we're talking about divorce?	我们在讨论离婚吗？
And listening words that don't mean anything to you.	听那些对你毫无意义的东西。
We achieved that because we are strong, disciplined and determined. 	我们能做到因为我们强壮，并且守纪律。 
Same as last year, and the year before that.	就跟去年一样，还有前年。
She's so... Clothed. 	她太... 衣冠楚楚了。 
So feiler, his wife, and twin girls "did the family equivalent of a corporate retreat.	因此费勒和妻子以及双胞胎女儿“举行了类似于企业拓展的家庭活动。
Wu is also currently in talks with john woo ( mission impossible ii, the killer and face/ off) and his partner terrance chang over possible co-production deals and trying to "acquire stakes in major hollywood studio brands," according to sources briefed on the matter.	消息人士称，吴征最近还与吴宇森【曾执导《碟中谍II》（Mission Impossible II）、《喋血双雄》（The Killer）和《变脸》（Face/Off）】及其合伙人特伦斯•常就可能的合拍项目进行会谈，并试图“收购大型好莱坞电影制片公司的股份”。
Beef jerky is also a nice choice.	牛肉干也是一种不错的选择。
See polar bears frolicking in the icy waters.	见北极熊在冰冷的水域嬉戏。
That's some mighty fine hotwiring skills you got there, lady.	你还有这么强大的技术，女士。
My son has a drug problem, 	我儿子吸毒， 
You have Mike, too. 5:3 o at the Norris house.	你5点要到诺里斯家。
But the way I look at it, you have your whole life to do that.	但是我觉得你可以有一生的时间去做那件事。
Wait, aren't you going to lock up?	等等，你们不锁门吗？
What? You haven't found the tiger, have you? 	什么？你还没找到钻石小老虎吧？ 
You know, if you put some aloe on those hands of yours they'll be better by morning.	你知道，如果你在手上抹点芦荟，明天早上就会好些。
He had his ear pierced in America	他的耳朵在美国被穿了个洞
You understand how these terrorists operate, don't you? 	你知道恐怖分子是如何行动的，，对吧？ 
And I could have helped him. 	我本可以帮助他。 
Hoping his song is a metaphor for his life in the competition, 	希望他的歌会是他在比赛中的暗喻， 
Infamous, really. - body was found on Tuesday morning. 	其实他很无耻，真的- 尸体是周二早上发现的。 
It's off the charts. It's virtually impossible. 	几乎为零。这是不可能的。 
At night I live with my mommy. 	我晚上跟妈妈住 
But my dog will be all alone.	但这里却只有我的小狗。
We both needed extreme makeovers, and we got them. 	我们俩都需要彻头彻尾的改造，我们成功了。 
HR's big boss - I know who it is. 	我知道组织的头儿是谁。 
Mohamed a. el-erian is the ceo and co-chief investment officer of pimco.	默罕默德•埃尔-埃利安，太平洋投资管理公司（PIMCC）首席执行官兼联席首席投资官。
That's all we gotta do. 	必须检查。 
The cool loft I'm gonna get the second I turn 18? Out of control happy!	一满18岁我就买个敞房？超级幸福！
I think it sounds like the patriotic thing to do.	我觉得这是爱国之举啊。
Yes. They made it real.	不，他们说的对。
I have U.S. Army boot prints at the crime scene.	我们在犯罪现场找到了美军靴印。
Everyone has been so nice. 	所有人都那么友善。 
For what? - don't you listen to what I tell you?	排什么练？-为什么你总是不好好听我说话？
Not only would the comparison spur shareholders to reject the existing offer, but it also would help rivals like the blackstone group ( bx) and carl icahn secure bank financing for higher bids.	两相比较，不仅股东们会拒绝现有出价，也有助于黑石集团（The Blackstone Group）和卡尔•伊坎（Carl Icahn）等竞争对手的更高出价获得银行融资。
But now that you brought it up, 	不过，既然你都提起了， 
You got screwed by politics.	你被上面耍了。
Never bite straight into a roll, and refrain from cutting it in half and buttering.	不要直接咬一卷面包或将它只切成一半就放进油锅煎。
He told me once, "I talk to everyone I want to talk to."	他曾经对我说，“我和每个我愿与之交谈的人说话。”
That makes mobile phones less risky than the 107 substances in group 1 that are known to be "carcinogenic to humans," such as tobacco, arsenic, radium and plutonium.	相对于第一级“确定对人类致癌”的107种物质（烟草、砷、镭、钚等）来说手机的风险已经大大降低了。
And then treat him with a broad spectrum.	再给他注射大量抗生素。
So I'm - I'm sorry I left you out of it, 	所以我... 我很抱歉没事先告诉你， 
L saw your Elvis suit.	我看到你的艾尔维斯的戏服。
I need to know - I had nothing... To do with that.	与此有关…我想知道- 跟我没有关系。
In case after case, jackson has denied undergoing surgery, but that's his prerogative as well, although any half-awake moron can look at his various photographs side by side and see naturally-impossible changes in his visage and physique.	在许多案例，杰克逊一直否认接受手术，但是那是他的特权，以及，虽然任何半清醒白痴可以看看他身边的各种照片了，一边把看到他的面貌和体能自然，不可能改变。
Yeah. No thanks to me. 	是的没必要谢谢我。 
Germany then introduced a series of new measures including tough restrictions on animal feed ingredients.	接着德国采取了一系列措施，包括在动物饲料添加剂做了严格控制。
The ultimate in convenience and comfort, our Presidential Suite features all of the hotel's standard amenities, in addition to luxury upgrades like a 32-inch television with premium channels, a gas fireplace, a relaxing whirlpool tub and a spacious walk-in shower. 	我们的总统套房本着便利和舒适的基本原则，除了豪华升级设施，像带有收费频道的32英寸电视、燃气壁炉、令人放松的按摩预防和宽敞的步入式淋浴室，还配有酒店的所有标准设施。 
Exactly, and what does that tell you? 	对，你认为这是甚么案件？ 
I didn't do anything wrong. Why arrest me? 	我没有做错什么。为什么逮捕我？ 
don't hate. don't hate on me.	别讨厌。别讨厌我。
Research on criminalization of behavior of new sex crime.	新型性侵犯行为犯罪化研究。
Well, I know it's not a fashion statement, but it is cute. 	我知道这不够潮，但是很可爱。 
Okay. Really unlikely.	好吧。真的不大可能。
Ready and standing by. 	准备候命中。 
Not a statement, an apology,	不是声明是道歉，
Storm his office? 	去他单位里？ 
And never give a straight answer to any question...... 	从不直接回答任何问题...... 
Looking for something, lady?	在找什么呢，女士？
Iron/board, mounted in every closet. 	熨斗/熨衣板，配备在每个壁橱上。 
This comes from the traditional concept of japanese being descendents of the sun.	日本传统思想认为每个人都是太阳的分身。
I am Mashkov... 	我是马斯科夫... 
Hey, if anything, this proves the conspiracy exists even more. 	嘿，这恰恰证明他们还有很多不可告人的阴谋。 
West Virginia Room 	西弗吉尼亚厅 
For young girls everywhere. It's so important. 	对于年轻女孩来说。这很重要。 
But the reemergence of new cooperative and competing centers of power in the middle east-egypt, turkey, iran, saudi arabia-provide the united states, the european union ( eu) and israel with new strategic opportunities.	但中东地区势力新的合作与竞争中心的再度出现埃及、土耳其、伊朗、沙特阿拉伯向美国、欧盟和以色列提供了新的战略机遇。
Yeah, well, in glee club we do things a little bit differently. 	在欢乐合唱团我们处事略有不同 
Mr. Chekov is correct. I can confirm his telemetry.	切科夫先生是对的。我可以证实。
That's why I decide not to cure your illness. 	所以我决定不治你的病 
You have to stay in bed, sire.	你得留在床上休息陛下。
Silence and voice in the study of contentious politics.	有争议的政治中的无声与有声。
Fire away, scoop. I was picked up in the East end by someone.	开始吧，独家新闻。有人在东区载我上车。
You've damaged the switch before I could separate the grounding rods...	在我把避雷装置停止之前，你把开关毁了...
And give herself back to the earth, back to creator. 	把她自己给还大地，还给造物者。 
From what I understand, it could get a little bumpy, 	据我了解，这一过程可能有点颠簸， 
Better schools, safer streets,	更好的学校，更安全的街道，
How about one minute? What is it?	就一分钟可以吗？什么事？
She's very tired and needs her rest,	她现在很累需要休息，
I don't like sitcoms much.	我不太喜欢情景喜剧。
Ahem. don't worry. I got this.	嗯哼。别担心。我会照顾她的。
A telegram will bring me down to your help.	打一个电报我就来帮你。
This whole amityville thing 	所有那些恐怖的事情 
She began to read in a brisk, unemotional voice.	她念了起来，语调利落而平静。
Now tinder is trying to change that image by adding new features.	如今，Tinder正试图增添新的功能以改变那种形象。
Yeah. You're gonna get her out. 	嗯。 你会把她救出来。 
I found this in your car last night. 	昨天晚上我在你的车里发现了这个。 
Admiring your enemy? 	在赞美你的敌人吗？ 
You can’t pass a baby on the street without stopping.	你在路上看见孩子都要驻足艳羡。
I don't have him on that either,	他这事我也没辙了，
What if we filmed them? 	如果我们给他们录像呢？ 
You know, you have to manually scrub that off 	所以在把杯子放进洗碗机之前 
You promise not to poison him anymore. 	你得答应再也不给他下药了。 
Russia's motivation is even more transparent: dmitry medvedev suggested that any new reserve currency should be at least partially backed by gold.	俄国的动机就更加明白了：梅德韦杰夫（dmitry medvedev）建议任何新的储备货币应该至少部分由黄金支持。
There's no better job than being a whore nowadays	八家说，现在这个？代，没有那一个行业比做妓女好
I've done terrible, horrible, vile things. 	我做了很糟糕，很邪恶的事情。 
And you know you can erase it. I'm giving you the number right now. 	你知道怎么删掉的通话内容。我现在给你号码。 
May I help you gentlemen? 	先生们需要帮忙吗？ 
Oh, my God. Sara. I have a daughter. 	噢，天啊。萨拉。我有个女儿。 
You may just be the perfect woman	你可真是我的完美女人了
And they went on from libnah, and put up their tents in rissah.	从立拿起行，安营在勒撒。
I cannot believe that Blair would do this.	不敢相信布莱尔竟会这么做。
Just hand me the blanket and I'll leave.	把毯子给我我就走。
And back of the victim's clothing. 	受害人的侧面和后面。 
Now there is yet another cause for concern.	现在又出了另一个问题。
I want a half hour of reading every day.	每天至少要看半小时的书。
Good evening... A buscopan, please.	晚上好...麻烦拿一瓶解痉灵。
Obesity, a poor diet and the complications that come along with those conditions--such as type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and high total cholesterol--increase your risk of developing liver disease.	肥胖、饮食差、并发症等都会随之而来，譬如第2型糖尿病、代谢综合症、高总胆固醇，都会增加罹患肝病的风险。
What do you say? I think we get the, 	你觉得呢？我想我们终于， 
So what if she's dumb? I don't care. 	如果她是弱智又怎么样呢？我不在乎。 
A sense of his being? What are you playing at? 	感知他的存在？你这是唱哪出？ 
In fact, low-income workers do pay up, if not in federal income taxes, then in payroll taxes and state and local taxes.	事实上，即使没有联邦所得税，低收入的工人也需要支付工资税，以及州税与地方税。
He's about the house somewhere.	他在这屋里的某处。
You love Emma. I know you do. 	你爱爱玛。我知道你爱她。 
There's some corner of foreign field,	在异国的一处角落里，
And Mr. Davis also insisted that Ralph graves be present .	戴维斯先生也坚持要拉尔夫·格拉夫。
This superbly appointed 17th century manor house was once the home of the Marquesses of Huntly, so the magnificent building has a proud history of playing host to special guests! 	设施非常完善的17世纪庄园主住宅曾是亨特利侯爵的家,因此这个富丽堂皇的建筑物有引以为傲的招待贵宾的悠久历史! 
There is the U - turn. 	反向转弯点在那里。 
Pagination technology is a common tool for database manipulation and a technological indicator to evaluate web access efficiency.	查询分页技术是对数据库数据操作的一种常用技术，也是衡量web数据访问效率的一个技术指标。
Talk the macroscopical management of area of zoology economy crisscross.	论生态经济交错区的宏观管理。
Libya's muammar qaddafi has defied nato's bombardment.	利比亚的穆阿迈尔卡扎菲蔑视北约的轰炸。
Come here. I'll be your birthday workout. 	上床来。我和你运动减肥。 
But mr saleh's forced departure has given the restive southerners a fillip.	但是萨利赫先生这次被迫离开也门给躁动的南方人一个反弹的机会。
What? Wait a second. Is there anything to be frightened about? 	什么？等一下。有什么可怕的？ 
L meant every word. Thank you. 	所有话都发自肺腑。谢谢你。 
All the attention from the fans, the sponsors. I just... 	所有车迷的关注，赞助商。我只是... 
I think it's instructive to compare this to what we saw in the room of the masks, house of Augustus,	我想将它与之前所说的面具之屋，
Play? Play? Let's...	玩？玩？我们...
Developing hybrid rice industrial economy is an effective way to enlarge hybrid rice planting area, increase rice production benefits and insure both high-yield and high-efficiency of hybrid rice.	发展杂交水稻产业经济是进一步扩大杂交水稻种植面积、增加杂交水稻生产效益、确保杂交水稻高产高效的有效途径。
The poppet that were discovered in the Proctor house. 	在普洛特- 加龙省先生家发现的人偶。 
Nonetheless, some americans hang on to their weapons because they enjoy hunting or target practice, or live in places with too many wild animals or too few policemen.	尽管如此，一些美国人还是喜欢配枪，因为他们要么喜欢打猎或打靶，要么住在野生动物多或者警察太少的地方。
Upstate new York, divorced - probably from sleeping with his students.	住在纽约北部离异可能是因为和他的学生偷情。
Practice: if it is not changed living habits, lack of access to long-term weight loss success, and the easy rebound should look farther, to develop reasonable eating habits.	做法：若不改变生活习惯，减肥无法获得长久成功，且极易反弹，应把眼光放远，养成合理饮食的习惯。
Yeah. Okay. Let's talk about you now. 	是的。好。现在让我们聊聊你吧。 
But he gets credit for it. 	但是希特勒却赢得了赞誉。 
Time to find out.	一起来揭晓吧。
I don't give a damn what you call it  	我不管你把这叫做什么 
But I'm getting a handle on it. 	但我在学着控制。 
Kids started talking like him. Shit hot, man. 	年轻人开始学他说话。辣妹。 
You have a better idea in let's not waste time. 	你还有什么更好的主意吗我们别浪费时间了。 
Sounds like the future to me. 	我觉得是未来的趋势。 
That are new to the city 	把新来这座城市 
I'm gonna have to now assume that sir Dick knows we're coming after him.	我得假设那鸟人知道我们在追寻他。
And anteriomedial aspect of ribs 1 and 4 bilaterally.	以及第四根肋骨的两面有锐器造成的外伤。
No. It is my sense that she's trying to help him.	不。我觉得她是想帮助他。
Oral solution or no sugar-coated tablet of this product on a stronger gastrointestinal tract irritation, and some patients difficult to tolerate.	口服本品溶液或无糖衣片，对胃肠道有较强的刺激性，部分病人难以耐受。
I can manage it myself usually.	一直我都是自己来的。
Strike with your mind as well as your sword.	以意志为剑
No, look. If you want to know the truth,	我的意思是如果你想知道真相，
Is going up right here where the, where the school is.	学校所在的地方，仅仅是一种巧合。
You speak osaka?.	你说话是关西腔吗？
I ain't skated since I was 15.	我十五岁以后就不溜冰了。
Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.	现在会有点风吹到你的眼睛上。
Imitating, children with autism, social orienting.	模仿、自闭症幼儿、社会性趋向。
What? It's imperative that you both be there, she says. 	什么？她说你俩必须都得去。 
Matter of seconds, huh? 	不需数秒？ 
A colossal bullfrog of a guard, in an olive-green uniform with red epaulets, is spitting at us in russian while a huge alsatian strains at the leash, barking ferociously.	一位身形硕大，穿着橄榄绿制服，戴着红色肩章的守卫，满带藐视地用俄语向我们吼道。
You ought to get a new computer to resocate those old clunker of yours.	你说我因该买一台新计算机来取代什么？
Oh, my God, you're my hero. 	哦，天哪，你真是我的偶像。 
Nice. Yeah. I'll just call my banker. 	很好。没错。我马上通知银行。 
Yeah, baby! We won! 	好啊，伙计！我们赢了！ 
Like a string between two tin cans. 	像是两个锡罐之间的那条线。 
Roman doctrine, of course, had prized the state of celibacy, insisting that it was the superior state over marriage.	当然罗马教义曾赞扬独身主义,坚持认为那是比婚姻更优良的状态。
Gm said monday it will add a third shift to a pickup truck assembly plant in flint, mich., to meet demand for heavy-duty pickups.	而通用也宣布为了应对重型皮卡的市场需求，在本周一公司将会对其在佛林特，密歇根州的皮卡组装工厂实行三轮班制。
I went to see him a few times after he returned home. 	他回家后我去看过他几次。 
It's one of many volcanoes, that have shaped the landscape here 	几百万年以来，非洲大裂谷周边的火山喷发帮助形成了此处的地形 
I just don't know how to protect her.	我不知道怎么保护她。
Hands out, please. 	把手递过来。 
Subtle cute reveal 	微妙的细节可以透露 
He had bomb kinetics in his cell.	他的牢房里有炸弹动力学的书。
I should kill you both for what you did.	你们两个罪该万死。
Africa has the fastest-growing mobile phone market worldwide.	非洲已成为全球移动电话增长最快的市场。
Call 911! Right away! 	快打911！这就打！ 
What a fool I've been. What an idiot. 	我蠢了，我真是个笨蛋。 
Excuse me, sir, can I take a look at your venture passport? Thank you.	对不起，先生，能看下你的通行证吗？谢谢。
Where do you go to school, Enoch?	你上哪所学校，伊诺？
We're gonna use your spinal fluid to tell us where you lived.	我们将用你的脊椎液来推断你曾经住在哪里。
Now, I'd say that our cause of death here	我敢说这点就缩短了嫌犯名单。
And the way we make ethanol here?	那我们拿什么来造乙醇呢？
Hi. Hi, sweetie. 	嗨。嗨，亲爱的。 
I think this team would be a very chic team.	我认为穿着这种衣服的队伍将会是很时髦的。
You said your mother went back and forth on this, didn't she? 	你说你母亲的状态时好时坏，对不对？ 
don't be trivial. It's below you.	别罗嗦。这不像你。
The twentieth century reduced it all to smithereens.	在20世纪一切都被粉碎。
In brief?	简称什么？
My heart can't make upits mind.	我的心无法决定。
I've seen what growing up without a father did to you. 	我知道成长时没有父亲对你造成的影响 
Open the door! Help me, please. Help me. 	快开门！帮帮我！帮我。 
I've read books, magazines, and even written reviews. It's just not as good as it could be.	我用它读过书，读过杂志，甚至写过评论文章，感觉不尽如人意。
Czechoslovakia, Poland and East Germany 	捷克斯洛伐克，波兰东德 
This is a storyteller of infinite jest.	这是一个无比诙谐的说书人。
You just pretend to be a bastard.	刀子嘴豆腐心。
An audit of every living species in the park.	以便能清楚公园中的每一种生物。
Carlotta Valdes committed suicide when she was 26. 	卡洛塔·维特自杀时是26岁。 
My parents dressed us warmly.	父母给我们穿得暖暖和和。
She's leaving my office building	她中午一点的时候
What's the interest of the checking account pays?	支票账户和利息是多少？
I switch off when he starts talking about cars.	他一谈起汽车我就厌烦。
I don't sell weapons 	我不卖兵器的 
Or if we've been here before - now come on.	或者如果之前我们就能到这的话现在不是已经在这了吗。
It's an unwritten law the intern should agree with whatever he says.	后者应该对前者言听计从此乃不成文的规定。
In your life you could trust,	唯一可以信任的人，
I think those books are out of order. Where?	我觉得那些书摆得有些乱了。哪儿？
You have to wait in line like everybody else. 	你得跟别人一样排队。 
So I'll text you the address.	会发短信告诉你地址的。
Like I said, not yet. Okay! 	就像我说的，还没有。好吧！ 
So I guess we'll just... We'll be friends. 	所以我想我们只是... 我们会是朋友。 
You can feel it when you go to work... 	上班时也能感觉到它… 
That physical principle to develop a picture of what's.	告诉我们身体里面有什么。
I'm an absolute duffer at this sort of thing. 	我对这码子事完全一窍不通。 
You like that one? You have good taste. 	你喜欢那个？你可真有品位。 
But don't you see? You and I don't need some silly piece of paper. 	你没发觉吗？你我之间并不需要那些愚蠢的纸张。 
With powerful structures in forms that resemble rockets ready to take off, this buildings scrap the sky and simply define some of the skylines of the most important cities of the world.	随着形式类似于火箭准备起飞强大的结构，这种建筑废料的天空，只是确定了世界上最重要的一些城市的天际线。
All right. Good. Let me hear it.	好吧。很好。我想知道是什么。
Enjoy yourselves and let's make this show happen, people! Come on!	好好玩一起演好这场秀，大家！来吧！
I've spent three hours waiting for my turn. 	我等了三小时才轮到我。 
She saw you kill Tyler Faris. 	她见到你劈了泰勒·法瑞斯。 
So if she is - 	所以她正在- 
Yes back there about two miles 	是的大约2英里。 
But I'm gonna try to move forward and I'm going to try to do better. 	但我会向前看努力活好。 
Other favourites in "risk on" markets are industrial commodities like oil and copper and the currencies of commodity producers such as canada and australia.	风险挺进市场上其他的受欢迎产品就是诸如石油、铜的工业品以及货物产地国的现汇，如加拿大和澳大利亚。
I'll check on Gus. Check on Gus. 	我去找盖斯。找盖斯。 
Of course I do, sir. I just - I didn't, um, 	当然知道，长官。我只是... 我没... 恩， 
Theresearchers studied how keratinocyte cells near the surface of skinreact to sun exposure.	研究者研究靠进皮肤表层的角质化细胞是如何应对日光照射。
You've testified there were large amounts of hydrocodone 	你在塔华医生体内验出 
I just made this decision.	我只是刚刚做出这个决定
It seems fitting to be drinking no man's land wine as we toast the tearing down 20 years ago this autumn of the iron curtain.	我们为20年前秋天铁幕的撕开而干杯，喝“无人区”葡萄酒似乎再合适不过了。
You're supposed to say no, and I am supposed to get pissed off. 	你该说不，然后我滚蛋。 
And I got the whole team. 	我就集齐了全队了。 
My last year in homicide, I handled 36 murders.	我去年在凶杀组，接手了36起谋杀案。
Under the new dispensation the netherlands, traditionally a fairly outward-looking place, will adopt a more critical attitude towards the european union.	在新的体制下，曾经很开放的荷兰，在对待欧盟的态度上将采取更为挑剔的态度。
I guess we both know what that's about.	我想我们都知道是什么意思。
He's shy and he speaks quietly he's gentle and he seems to me like the elf-arrow his face worn and harrowed is he a daydreamer like me?	他如此害羞，言语平静他如此温柔，当他注视我时像一支精灵的箭他的脸带着疲惫和痛苦他是否也与我一样爱做白日梦？
Tears were streaming down her face.	她脸上热泪滔滔而下。
What? Wait, is that credible? 	什么？等等，你说真的？ 
Right. I wanna observe this one. You prod him. 	好。我要看看这个。你戳他。 
Parents are going nuts over there. 	学校里孩子们的父母都要抓狂了。 
If yr girlfriend told you that she was gonna be a sexologist, 	如果你女朋友告诉你她将做性学专家， 
Hitler, and this sort of entourage and all that, and you read a cheery headline, 	上面全是关于希特勒极其爪牙的文章， 
And I noticed that you haven’t plucked Maw Maw's neck mole yet.	我发现你还没拔掉曾奶奶颈痣上的毛。
Just so you know, I've asked Jesus not to forgive him. 	只想你知道我已请求上帝不要原谅他了。 
Now, why didn't I think of that? Of course.	我干嘛没有想起这个？当然。
I need you not to panic.	你不能害怕。
There was a bad five fen piece in with the change.	找的钱里有一枚五分钱的假硬币。
Due to the legal spat between the two companies, apple has reportedly been working to move away from samsung as a primary supplier, so an lg display is not that surprising.	由于两家公司的法律纠纷，据传苹果正努力摆脱三星这个主要供应商，所以一块lg的屏幕在这儿也不奇怪。
Because they're afraid that no one will believe them? 	因为他们怕没人相信他们吗？ 
Freestanding english as a second language.	英语为第二语言独立班。
You do? Can you tell us what this is about?	是吗？你可以告诉我们怎么回事吗？
Mother: I will miss you, forrest.	母亲：福勒斯特，我会想你的。
Do we actually have a plan? Sure, you like fishing.	我们有什么计划吗？当然你喜欢钓鱼。
You're a total embarrassment! 	丢脸，没用的东西！ 
How markets become decoupled from reality in a speculative boom.	投机引起的繁荣现实环境下股市萎靡的原委。
Wall street revalued: imperfect markets and inept central.	重估华尔街：不完美的市场和无能的央行人士。
I listened, I heard everything. 	我听着呢，我听到了所有。 
I mean, I fell before, and I tripped, so... 	我是说，我先是脚一滑，然后摔倒了…。 
Please, I got my wife and my son here. Please, just take it easy. 	拜托，我妻子孩子在这，含蓄点好吗？ 
You're only sorry 'cause you got caught. 	你说对不起是因为你被我逮住了。 
Lobular red sandalwood prices lead to more wood dealers begins to buy large lobular rosewood, there are also part of the funds to short term investment profit off for purpose came into this field, inevitably lead to a part of the hoarding of hype phenomenon.	小叶紫檀价格的上涨促使更多木材经销商开始了对小叶紫檀大量购买，另外也有一部分场外资金以短期投资获利为目地进入这一领域，不可避免的出现了一部分囤积炒作的现象。
Well, number one, you are a pussy. 	好吧，第一，你是个娘们。 
Last week, he couldn't even eat his lettuce and whatnot. 	上周他连莴苣都吃不下。 
But if something does go wrong you know what to do. 	如果事态严峻你知道该怎么做。 
Your job is jailing your friends?	你的工作是送朋友进监狱吗？
He's writing something. 	他在写东西。 
There's some stiff competition, and they only pick one of us.	因为这次的竞争很激烈他们只会选一个。
And should I be procuring a babysitter?	我需要聘请一个保姆么？
Fire up the ovens, We've got a big order to fill! 	把炉子生火，我们还有很多事情要干。 
We had to scramble at the last minute to get her a gift. 	我们匆匆忙忙在最后时刻找到给她的礼物。 
Which way? It came from over there. 	哪个方向？从那边来的。 
You ever gonna grow up? 	你就不能有个大人样？ 
O flattering glass,	啊谄媚的镜子，
If you go back to your old ways... 	如果你再做犯法的事，再把脚踩进去… 
She remembers sounds, mostly - 	她记得的大多是声音- 
Sure? All right. Can you sort it out? 	是么？好。你能找出来么？ 
Look, can we get back to the course, pIease?	听着，让我们回到课上来，拜托？
There have been great strides in the past several years in the development of materials for solar energy photovoltaic cells and modules.	在过去的几年在中太阳能光电池和组件的材料有了巨大的飞跃。
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.	人的愚痴，可能是生命中最危险的事。
Like it's burning in my blood. 	像是我的血液在燃烧。 
And I'm supposed to give it to his parents,	我应该要交给他父母的，
He also sough support from indian communist groups for establishing a different kind of governance system in nepal.	他又说，为在尼泊尔建议一个不同的统治制度，他寻求印度共产主义组织的帮助。
We're here with the CDC.	我们是同疾控中心一起过来的。
Yeah, I'm definitely coming for my birthday tomorrow. 	是的，我明天绝对会过来过生日。 
For us to use our powers at all. 	我们在使用我们的力量。 
Couple dozen people hanging around the pool, but nobody saw a thing.	一堆人在泳池边嬉戏，但是没人看见。
No signs of a contagion. Who see these things every day!	尚无传染迹象。对此司空见惯的的科学家们！
The Florentines live in narrow corridors and alleyways	佛罗伦萨人住在狭窄的走廊和小巷中
Firms could simply relocate outside the european union to escape the new rules.	那些企业可以仅仅通过把网站挪到欧盟以外来规避那些新条例。
Take the thing you love and make it your life. 	把握住你所爱的然后把它变成生命的一部分。 
That's why I'm in the auction business. 	所以现在才会从事拍卖业。 
That's a lie! They're not here! 	别撒谎！他们又不在这！ 
I heard that she just lost it. 	我听说她失控了。 
Private reserve. 	私人珍藏。 
Right in front of the big painted face.	就在大笑脸前方。
We've got four hours, four hours is plenty,	我们还有4个小时了，4个小时足够了，
We got threatening meat!	我们收到了恐吓肉！
I don't care where we are.	不管在哪儿。
How much do you think a drawing like this 	你觉得这样的画作 
The kind of secure dividend-payers they seek.	他们寻求一种安全的股息纳税人。
Put this on your face. 	把这个戴在脸上。 
I have to go and splash some water on my face. 	我要走了，再泼点水在脸上。 
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about, man. 	是的，这就是我一直在说的。 
If I have never thought of another man, 	如果我从未想过别人， 
But it raises intriguing questions about the value of the socratic method as a teaching technique in today's classrooms.	但它引发了对苏格拉底的方法是否适合在今天的课堂里做为教学技巧的质疑。
And snobs in fucking turquoise	以及穿着剪裁考究的蓝绿色衬衣
Speech by david eldon in hong kong associ ation of new york.	大卫艾尔敦在纽约香港协会早餐会上的发言。
I'm going to go home now.	我想要回家。
I got a theater full of mediocrity 	我在剧院里看到的都是些庸才 
But, uh, I am going to have to put personal fantasies aside, 	不过，我得把幻想搁置一边， 
Please get another cup. Right away.	再拿一杯来。 好的。
Like Napoleon out of Moscow. 	就像拿破仑离开莫斯科。 
But out of respect, we 	但是出于礼节，我们... 
But I have not been able 	但我仍不能 
L was the one on the phone. What? 	我就是电话里的人。什么？ 
If you're not mad at me, you should still kiss me. 	如果你不生我的气，你还是应该亲我。 
And now for the epilogue of tonight's story,	关于今晚这个故事的结语，
I know the last thing you wanted 	我知道你最不希望的就是 
Hey, listen, you weren't by any chance downtown today, were you, Tony? 	托尼，你该不是偶然来市区的吧？ 
I'm usually not into that sort of thing, but... 	我对这些东西其实不感兴趣，但是... 
There's to many to keep track of. 	太多太多需要追踪记录。 
Half an hour, maybe longer. I can call you when it's ready. 	半小时，也许更久。准备好了我就打给你。 
Objectively, since I never accepted this responsibility,	客观地说我没有揽过这活，
I was scared. I thought something had happened.	我担心极了。以为你出事了。
It must be seen as a sort of cosmic storehouse of "all that is."	它应被视为一种包含“一切万有”（all that is.）的宇宙储库。
We did it about four times, ran through this sequence that we'd rehearsed.	我们拍了大概四次，按我们排练过的一步一步做。
How  great lawyer is.	他的律师很棒。
Thames estuary England	泰晤士河口英格兰
That she wants me to grab. 	她要我拿过去。 
I kow about you - I kow you lost your family -  	我知道你的事 - 我知道你在广岛核爆炸中 -  
God's past mercies dim with the intensity of present trials.	上帝昔日的慈悲之光在严峻的考验下渐渐暗淡。
Because l stole a GPS, that's how. 	因为我偷了全球卫星定位系统，就是这样。 
Secrets, anything a guy living a lie 	秘密，所有用谎言掩盖的 
Come on. No, I got you. 	拜托，别怕，有我呢。 
I sent you to steal his secret, not to improve his act. 	我派你是要你偷他的秘诀，不是帮助他。 
But I'll tell you what turns my stomach. 	但我想你知道什么事情让我恶心。 
I love Zulu. I know you do, mother. 	我喜欢祖鲁人。老妈，我知道你喜欢。 
I'm being honest. 	我是在说实话。 
No, I was just... Never mind.	不，我只是... 算了。
In the company commander and the tacit approval of the instructor, dongcunrui and sa disguised as a pair of husband and wife longhua infiltrates the city looking for small public party connectors.	在连长和指导员的默许下，董存瑞和秀儿假扮一对小夫妻混进隆化城找公开党接头。
Leonard, behave yourself.	伦纳德放规矩点。
Longer cross because 	因为，他认为他已经把 
Well, you sleep so sound,	你睡得太死，
Doina insisted that joke-telling was "dangerous-you could go to prison for it".	多依娜坚称，讲笑话在当时是一种“危险行为你会为此而坐牢。”
Eureka just lost bladder control. 	尤里卡要膀胱失禁了。 
Things go wrong,	一旦出差错，
Drawing on their personal savings they built working prototypes and hired a vp of marketing ethan thorman to help get them off the ground.	凭借他们的个人储蓄，他们建立了工作原型并且雇佣了市场部副总裁ethan thorman来帮助他们打开局面。
Low oxygen levels encourage the growth of bacteria that destroy nitrate-a vital nutrient for the ocean's microscopic plants, or phytoplankton.	低含氧量导致细菌滋长，这些细菌会破坏硝酸盐海洋微生物及浮游植物的重要营养物质之一。
Of course, which is why elena needed you.	当然，这正是埃琳娜需要你的原因。
Is the scheduled time icterus hepatitis is cured long?	黄疸肝炎治疗期长吗？
Mommy, how'd you do that? 	妈咪，你怎么做到的？ 
I see you made it through the gauntlet of ghouls and looky - loos. 	历经层层遴选你最终脱颖而出。 
Every few years a new public policy issue becomes au courant for authors.	每隔几年，公共政策领域的新问题就会引起作家们的关注。
I want him here now. 	我要他现在就出现在这里。 
Yeah, I heard you went into the army.	是呀，我听说你进了军队。
Mr. Tango.	探戈先生。
We bought crabs, shrimp, and fish at the seafood stand of the traditional market.	在传统市场的澹鲜摊我们买了螃蟹、虾子和鱼。
For love. Step on it! 	为了爱踩油门啊 
But when his body was exhumed, and examined years later, it seemed that his head had been smashed before the fall.	但是数年之后，对他的尸体研究表明，看起来他的大脑在坠落之前就已经处于烂醉状态了。
Along the main coronary, please. 	冠状动脉主干方向调整一毫米。 
His management training and calm, collected manner...	他的管理训练和沉着镇定地风格...
Uh, just curious. 	恩，只是好奇。 
Squeezes from the stamens and begins to fall.	从雄蕊中挣扎而出并下坠。
Fox's proposed partnership with wanda could prove one of the most aggressive efforts to reverse that trend.	福克斯提出的与万达的伙伴关系可以证明是扭转这一趋势的最强力的措施。
The Chinese are basically struggling with of course with the same issues, struggling with traffic,	如今的中国面临的是一些相同的问题，交通
At 64 years of age he's had malaria 39 times, been kidnapped by Indians,	在至今64年的生命历程中，他得过39次疟疾，被印第安人绑架过，
All right, I'll need something for my boss. 	好吧，但我需要给我老板点成果。 
All right. Then l 'll leave this body	好吧。那让我死吧
Lookout for the lightning just kidding.	就去找雷劈开个玩笑。
They couldn't wait to get away from me. 	所以长大了她们都急着离我而去。 
Y - you're coming straight out of the gate with bad cop.	你一上来就跟我扮坏警察。
But great achievements,	可留下的丰功伟绩，
They are also right that no grouping is entirely wholesome.	说没有哪个党团是完全干净的，也对。
Yeah, I know I said - 	恩，我知道我说过- 
If you were just going to hand me over to them?	既然你要把我交给他们？
Could be stuck under debris, lying injured in a ditch somewhere.	可能就被困在废墟下，可能遍体鳞伤地躺在某个沟里。
And I think every Icelander noticed that 	我向每个冰岛人都注意到 
Clear, you're good to go. 	安全，你可以离开。 
They would not want us to live in the past, not now that we have found each other. 	他们不会希望我们生活在过去的，尤其是在我们重新团聚的时候。 
All honeynet deployments should satisfy these two requiements.	所有的蜜网部署方式都要满足这两个需求。
They often made fun of each other	君臣之间也经常的开着小玩笑
How does New York harbor by moonlight sound? 	去看看月光下的纽约港？ 
I wanted to be a singer 	想当一个歌手 
can't you see he's starving? We all are.	你看不出他很饿嘛？我们都很饿。
I have to find some water.	我出去找水来。
Even if it cost you the practice? Everything you've worked for you whole life? 	即使需要以诊所前途为代价？你一生为之奋斗的全部？ 
It said the lack of dialogue is making the probability of more destabilising escalation quite high.	它指出双方缺少对话正使的不稳定的概率非常高。
No, no. I feel bad that you had to take the fallout alone.	不,不我很抱歉让你独自承担后果。
I told you, after advice, my client...	告诉过你了，经建议我的客户...
I'm up for parole in a couple.	我马上要申请假释了。
Brought something for ya. 	帮你带了东西。 
I didn't ask her to come out. 	我没叫她出来。 
The dimensions of the five-photo template are 110 x 110 pixels.	五个照片的模板尺寸是110×110像素。
All right, troops, when your enemies captured me,	听着，士兵们，当你们的敌人抓住我的时候，
And I don't mind just what you do 	我不在乎你做什么 
Come on, enough already.	停下，别太过火了。
When you see this?	会想到什么？
Article 49 the local people's governments at and above the county level and their comprehensive economic departments, when allocating electricity quotas, shall guarantee the proper proportion of electricity for rural and agricultural utilization, and give priority to the electricity for rural floodwater drainage, combat of drought, and seasonal agricultural production.	第四十九条县级以上地方人民政府及其经济综合主管部门在安排用电指标时，应当保证农业和农村用电的适当比例，优先保证农村排涝、抗旱和农业季节性生产用电。
Look, like I told your guy here, I had nothing to do with this.	我不是都跟你们说了吗，我什么都没做。
Stay there, l want to show you something. 	呆在那，我想给你看样东西。 
Oh, yeah. That supposed to make me feel... Happy? 	噢，嗯。他们应该让我有... 高兴的感觉？ 
Oh, I almost forgot. Sergei sent me your bill.	哦，我差点忘了，赛格把你的账单送来了。
Of Wade Burke and Charlie Figg. 	是被同一把锯子锯掉的。 
Effect of indwelling anterior urethral stent to anterior urethral stricture.	留置前尿道内支架管治疗前尿道狭窄疗效观察。
I lied to all of you, and I'm sorry. 	我对所有人撒谎，非常抱歉。 
Relax on one of our patios and enjoy breathtaking sunsets over the ocean and a view of famous Morro Rock. 	在我们的露台上放松，在海洋上享受令人惊叹的日落，观看著名的莫洛岩。 
Ready to go to school?	准备去上学了吗？
But sometimes it feels so real, you know? 	不过，有时候这种感觉很真实？ 
That's good. Now I'm nice and warm. 	感觉真好。现在我可暖和了。 
As you approach the ground make sure that you are looking where you want to go, that your snowboard is straight and your knees are slightly bent to absorb the impact.	当你接近地面，确保您寻找您想要去，你的滑雪板直，膝盖稍微弯曲来吸收的影响。
What time is it? It's 3:00. 	几点啦？三点了。 
don't be so squeamish. Most of us got started writing want ads. 	别一直拘泥细节。很多人开始时都是写些通缉布告。 
It does if you melt it down.	把它重新熔铸就可以。
He would be here any minute. Let's uh... 	他很快就到这了。我们就呃... 
Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet? 	我们到了么？我们到了么？我们到了么？ 
There's a divinity that shapes our ends,	不管我们是怎么样计算的，
In comparison, the u.s. olympic swim team, like the u.s. olympic committee, receives no government funding and relies on corporate sponsorships and private contributions.	相比之下，与美国奥委会一样，美国奥运游泳队也不是由政府提供资金的，而是依靠公司赞助和私人捐赠。
And if they bump you off, nobody but a fucking soul... 	如果他们杀了你… 
Despite our best efforts, they came up on our comms this morning.	不管我们怎么努力，他们还是跟我们联系上了。
Suites, available, two 32-inch and 37-inch color cable televisions 	可提供套房，提供32寸和37寸彩色有线电视 
You don't have a car.	你又没车。
That shrinking budget has forced a pruning of non-essentials: gone are golf games, eating out, boozing and the tipsy taxi-ride home.	预算缩水就迫使人们缩减非必需品开销：高尔夫游戏一去不复返了，不出去吃饭、喝酒喝到酩酊大醉乘坐出租车回家。
Join us this dragon boat season in the fun, and get your team out there and ready to compete for the prizes and the glory.	加入我们在趣事的这个龙船季节，并且在那里得到你的队并且准备为奖金和光荣竞争。
Never. I'm probably the best investment your bank ever made. 	我从来没输给你过，我可能是你们银行操作得最成功的投资。 
What have I done?	我们要求你立即出面？
But the law is not exactly muddy here.	但是有关的法律已经非常明晰
I'll need surgeon's tools, hot water, sulfur and clean packing.	我需要外科医生工具，热水硫磺，还有干净的绷带。
No, when did you make it?	不，我问的是你订房那天是几号？
But I know she still loves me, of course. 	不过，当然，我知道她还是很爱我的。 
After you add the alcohol, you throw in your caramel coloring, your oil of rye,	在添入酒精后再加入润色焦糖黑麦油，
Aced neuroendocrine carcinoma ( atypical carcinoid)	中分化神经内分泌癌(不典型类癌)
Mad as heck when he finds out we have to lock him up for a couple of days. 	如果我们把他也隔离上几天，他非大发雷霆不可。 
With a little smile, mamma said the loveliest words that her daughter had ever heard: "I always forget"	母亲呆着些许微笑说着玛丽这辈子听到的最动听的话：“我一直都忘记得”
I think maybe you just need to take a step back.	或许你该歇一歇了。
She was more than that.	她不止如此。
I start my journey at the tip of Africa,	我的旅行起始于非洲的顶端，
The collision of the Pacific and Australian plates 	太平洋板块和澳大利亚板块互相碰撞 
Just gave it to him, just like that, cause you're a nice guy?	就这么白送给他了，就因为你心肠好吗？
He lit a cigarette and perched on the corner of the desk.	他点了一根烟，坐在桌角上。
We have to talk to the curator. 	我们得去和博物馆馆长谈谈。 
Um... Not sure. 	嗯……不知道。 
Hey, somebody has to lose the super bowl, right?	嘿，总有一方会输掉超级杯的比赛，对吧？
All the while he was busy turning glencore into a behemoth and a rare company with sourcing, production, marketing and trading under one roof.	这期间，格拉森伯格默默致力于将嘉能可打造为一家庞大而少见的公司，集采购、生产、营销和交易于一体。
You're not some island princess	你不是什么小岛公主
In the three months that followed in our mad rush to make it to the launch pad, 	我们至少还要进行三四次测试， 
The law is just a way of exorcising them.	法律就是用来抑制他们的邪恶面。
But at least two things can be said for him before he is dismissed as yet another here-today, gone-tomorrow face in some g8 summit's photo: he has a healthy sense of crisis, and a nicely self-deprecating sense of humour.	不过在他成为g8峰会合影中又一个匆匆过客之前，他还是有两点值得称道：一是对危机的充分认识，二是谦虚的幽默感。
I mean, it's like this one time my dad got really drunk 	我是说，就像有一次我的父亲喝的烂醉 
Knowing in my joyous heart...	在我快乐的内心，我知道...
The only thing to do is make your cuts and live to fight another day.	唯一的出路就是大刀阔斧的裁拼了命的干活。
I also make pickles. 	我也会做泡菜。 
Brooke, give pepper back her spirit stick. 	布鲁克，把手杖还给佩佩。 
Used in a Glock. 	半自动手枪。 
The only piece of evidence that matters is about this high.	唯一的证人就那么高。
Was it the legs? 	是她的腿吗？ 
I want to see if you'll jump.	我想看看你会不会跳。
Here, in a discreet and calm dining room, we will be undisturbed.	在这家朴素而安静的餐室中，不会有人打扰我们。
Just one... Just one more.	就一个... 就再一个。
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down. Just take 'em one at a time. All right. 	喔，喔，喔。慢一点。一个一个来。好的。 
Another self. 	另一种自我。 
Before we change our mind.. Take them from there!	在我们改变主意前.. 带他们离开那里！
I'll go get milk. I already got it 	我去买牛奶。我已买了 
All right, she'll have to find another job then. 	好吧，那她不得不再找份工作了。 
Many objects no longer need an electronic tag or even a barcode to be automatically identified.	许多物品不再需要电子标签，甚至不再需要条形码，便能被自动识别。
My apologies, lieutenant. I was out all night. 	抱歉，中尉，整晚我都在外面。 
Sometimes, fibrocystic changes produce a more diffusely lumpy breast.	有时纤维囊性变导致乳腺更多的肿块出现。
I Haven't done much to you. 	我没有为你做过什么。 
Here she comes now. Be cool!	她来了。冷静点！
Looking through that scope. 	他就像你我现在这么近。 
I'm intrigued. 	我也想看是吗。 
Well, there's gotta be an explanation. 	呃，那肯定有原因的。 
Is worth less than nothing. 	在我眼中一文不值。 
Didn't you promise ages ago?	你不是要介绍我泊车？
And live to the full 	把握生命中花开絮扬的日子 
Preventing the blood from travelling below the waist.	刚好阻止了血从上面溅下来。
You poor, poor soldier of love.	可怜的爱情战士。
We're homeys.	咱俩是一家人。
In the center of your heart and my heart there is a wireless station; so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer, courage and power from men and from infinite, so long as you are young.	在你我的心中都存在着一个无线电站；只要它能够从人类和宇宙中接受到美丽、希望、欢乐、勇气、力量的信号，你就将永远年轻。
Rental fees for airport gates and ticket counters also factor into the big 'other' category. So do regular business things like advertising and legal fees.	机场登机门和售票柜台的租金在“其他”类别费用中占较大比重，此外诸如广告费和律师费等常规性的业务费用也占了较大比重。
Google's growth outlook looks stodgy by comparison.	相比之下，谷歌的增长前景看起来就不那么令人振奋了。
And we're gonna swim out of the bottom of the boat. Okay!	我们要游到船底下，懂吗？
Hey, I don't mean to ruffle your... 	嘿，我并非有意要搞砸你的... 
The moneyed class always live in clover.	有钱人总是生活舒适。
If you think you need protection and would like immunity, look here at FOA FOA and bark up the right tree. 	神像在手保你平安，所求之物树下深掩。 
It is by far the densest part of the book, not in the sense of being hard to understand, but in the sense that if you miss even one paragraph, you may miss a lot.	这是本书中内容最浓缩的部分，原因不再于难读，而在于错过了一段，就等于错过了大量的内容。
I thank you for that, Mr Adams.	承蒙夸奖，亚当斯先生。
They wouldn't dry.	可就是不会干。
No, no. What's below prince?	不,不王子以下是什么？
Nevertheless, I'm no invalid and I'll be no man's passenger. 	但我不是残废我不能只搭顺风车。 
A pentacle star is a symbol of the freemasons, is it not, sir?	五角星是互济会的标志,是吗,爵士？
Photosynthetic plants on other planets that revolve around different kinds of suns could be mostly gray or black. Cynthia graber reports.	在围绕着不同太阳旋转的星球上能进行光合作用的植物可能大多呈现出灰色或者黑色.辛西娅格拉贝报道.
It's very similar to my grandmother's pajamas. 	它跟我祖母的睡衣很像。 
My parents got rid of their nice furniture... 	我父母拿出了所有的好家具... 
Frank: are you okay? Are you okay? Woman: Aah! 	你还好吗？你还好吗？啊啊！ 
I didn't go to her funeral. 	我没有参加她的葬礼。 
I'm trying to, but they're cutting us off. 	我是在努力，可它们把路堵上了。 
A bank run may get the big headlines.	银行挤兑或许会登上新闻头条。
You better clean the room. 	你清理一下房间吧！ 
It's not a garbage disposal, cleaver, pitchfork, pinking shears...	不是垃圾处理器，切肉刀，干草叉锯齿剪刀...
A recent analysis of the supreme court under john roberts, the current chief justice, co-authored by richard posner, an appeals-court judge, found it to be markedly business-friendly.	来自最高法院现任首席法官john roberts和一家上诉法院法官richard posner两人共同最新的分析发现，这明显是为了给商界开道所为。
Then you get dignity.	你能得到尊严。
Good english skills and practical computer knowledge are basic requirements.	好的英语技能和适用电脑知识是基本请求。
Oh! Are you sure? Yes. 	哦，你确定？是的。 
He trespassed against the traffic regulations.	他违反了交通规则。
For instance, some party comrades refuse to be reconciled to the assignment of certain posts to non-party people.	如对党外人士的职位安排上，有些党内同志不服气。
You - You work here. Yeah, I do.	你在这儿工作？是的我在这里工作。
Sit around and bitch, you know,	你知道吗，无所事事，
Cast only a passing glance at looking at vietnam: canon of the underdeveloped country.	走马观花看越南：不发达国家的典。
Good. Uh,I'm sorry that you had to spend all day waiting for this. 	不错。首先抱歉让你等这么一整天。 
I want to call her and talk to her.	我想打给她聊会儿天。
When I grow up, I'll be a vet. 	我长大了，要当个兽医。 
Sandra torres, now divorced from guatemala's president, lvaro colom, wanted to run for his job.	为了竞选下一任危地马拉总统，桑德拉托雷斯德科洛姆已与总统阿尔瓦罗科洛姆离婚。
I say again, by exception only.	我再说一次，只有在紧急情况下。
What if I hit an artery? 	如果碰到动脉怎么办？ 
I mean, can we just overlook that little blip in their past?	就不能忽视他们过去小小的污点吗？
I've gotten used to being apart, but that's not how I want to live. 	我确实习惯于独处，但那并不代表我喜欢独处。 
The government also intends to ban unsolicited credit limit increases on credit cards as part of a package of measures to reduce consumer debt.	作为减少个人消费债务的一揽子计划的一部分，政府也打算禁止信用卡的主力提供贷款限制的增长。
Can you hear me? Ma 'am, can you hear me?	你能听到我吗？女士，你能听到我吗？
Where do you think you're going, young lady?	你要到哪儿去，年轻的女士？
Congratulations. What? 	恭喜你啊。什么？ 
Why do we have to talk about this now? Why can't we just go inside? 	为什么要现在谈这个？为什么不进屋去？ 
You were appropriately vague up there. 	你刚才措辞很模糊啊。 
I see no evidence of you being crazy.	看不出你有疯的迹象。
You might want to put on some clothes.	你应该把衣服穿上
About five percent of them. 	其中的百分之五。 
I'm aiming higher - membership in your group. 	我定得很高，让他加入你的团队。 
And I was, like, talking to somebody, to the angels, I don't know. 	我在跟人说话，跟天使不知道。 
Die and be damn 'd! 	去死吧，下地狱！ 
I got the last one, huh? 	上次是我来着？ 
The second that leg is out, be ready to assert pressure to stop the bleeding. Got it?	一抽出腿就立即按压止血明白？
Why here?	为什么选这里？
I was here to support my son.	我来这里支持儿子。
I have something to tell you, too. 	我也有事跟你说。 
He's shown little mercy toward his adult victims, 	他对成年受害者几乎没有怜悯， 
We're all in a lot of trouble.	我们都会卷入很多的麻烦之中。
So, when you're a girl doing buy - busts,	所以，女警卧底抓毒贩时，
L had feared the Priory's penchant for secrecy might prevail.	我原来还担心他们会保守秘密。
But brave. A lot of guys would have never gone in there. 	却很勇敢，很多人都做不到。 
Over at Roy Taylor's ranch. Like it or not, here l am!	在罗伊泰勒的农场。不管怎样，我来了！
If the kids don't see their aunt, there'll be hell to pay. 	孩子看不见阿姨，会闹翻天。 
I wonder how long it takesbefore it feels like the baby's really yours? 	我在想，要多久才能和孩子建立起真正的亲子关系？ 
I wouldn't know how to do your job, sir.	我不懂做你的工作。
Nicky, no!	尼克，不要！
Found in the gardens of Buckingham palace.	可是从白金汉宫的花园里搬来的。
We give them a description of the woman and the vehicle. 	告诉他们女人和车子的样子。 
I shouldn't have poked him. 	我不应该捅他。 
You're always worried.	你总在担忧。
Apparently you burn him. 	当然是烧死他。 
The wine makers of jerez looked for overseas markets, and sack started to take off in england.	赫雷斯酿酒商开始放眼海外市场，出口英国葡萄酒。
In our hearts 	心中的骄傲 
Twins in fact,and they were eight. 	实际上是双胞胎，那时他们才8岁。 
I would do this. - I would do this. 	我可以接受。- 我也可以。 
We could've been lying around here naked, for all you know. 	你该知道，我们不能这样赤裸的躺在这里。 
Husband: ok, but if you get home before I do, leave the hallway lights on.	丈夫：行，不过，你要是回来的早，别关走廊的灯。
Via investigation and analysis, it discussed relation between occurrence of wheat yellow dwarf and yield. Morbidity and grades standard was determined as well as wheat dwarf economic threshold.	摘要通过系统调查与分析，探索了小麦黄矮病的发生程度与产量的关系，确定了其发病程度与分级标准，研究出了小麦黄矮病的经济阈值。
All right. Go to your house. I'll call you.	好的。你回家。我打给你。
I'm trying to help you! Please be quiet!	我只想帮你请安静！！
He wants to ask me something. 	他想问我一些事情。 
You wore it last time, so did you even wash it? 	上次你也是穿这个的，你是不是从来不洗的啊？ 
Since when do lawyers have club stamps? 	律师什么时候也盖上进夜总会时的入门章了？ 
Just wait, I'm coming!	等等，我马上回来！
Article 8 the state practices a system of tax division between the central and local governments.	第八条国家实行中央和地方分税制。
You must check in the file after you finish with it, so that others can view or revise the file.	处理完文件后必须将其签入，其他人才能查看或修改该文件。
With the costs of buying and selling a home, you may end up losing money if you sell any sooner.	算入买房和卖房的成本，如果你过早出售很可能会亏钱。
She says she's not gonna testify now. 	她说她不会出庭作证了。 
Rp-vita's primary objective is to prove that it can efficiently distribute that medical expertise to the places it's needed most at the time it's needed, creating better patient care across the entire health care system.	RP-VITA的首要目标就是证明它可以在最需要的时间，有效地把专业的医疗服务送到最需要他们的地方，在整个医疗体系内创造更高质量的医疗护理。
You didn't have to do that. You didn't even know my dad.	你不必这么做。你都不认识我父亲。
Are you going to just stand there? 	你准备一直站在这儿？ 
Oscar-winning couple kate winslet and her director husband sam mendes announced on monday that they have separated after less than seven years of marriage.	奥斯卡影后凯特？温斯莱特和其丈夫、同获奥卡斯奖的导演萨姆？门德斯于本周一宣布，两人在结婚近七年后分手。
And tonight he's going to need your help. 	今晚他需要你的帮助。 
Of course it's personal. It's not public opinion, right?	当然只是你个人的意见。又不是公众的意见，不是吗？
So, the election. The fact that it's down to curry county... 	所以，选举结果。事实是将由柯里郡来决定… 
I don't even know why I bother with you.	我干嘛要在你身上白费工夫。
Part of the problem in honduras was that the constitution made impeachment impossible. In paraguay, it was too easy.	洪都拉斯与巴拉圭不同的是，它的宪法是禁止弹劾总统的，而在巴拉圭，弹劾简直是轻而易举的事情。
Right in his ten - ring.	刚好10环。
Neither side endorses all the aims of the other or presumes a total identity of interests but both sides seek to identify and develop complementary interests.	任何一方都不必认同对方的所有目标或假设利益的完全一致，但双方都寻求认知并发展彼此互补的利益。
He's epiieptic. I shouid have toid you.	他有癫痫症，我应该早些告诉你的。
Give me my money. This is the last time I'm telling you. 	把钱还我，我最后一次警告你。 
Kusai reiterated that thailand will never support any party of cambodia to utilize thailand for any activity in an attempt to subvert the neighboring countries.	谷萨重申，泰国绝对不会支持柬埔寨任何一方利用泰国从事颠覆邻国的活动。
Is her Highness unwell? I'm fine.	你不舒服吗？我很好。
Financial market can make inflation self-fulfilling through commodity speculation.	金融市场可使通胀通过大宗商品投机而自我实现。
You know what you were saying the other night, about my men? 	你还记得那晚说的关于我的男人们的话吗？ 
And let me tell ya, 	我告诉你哦， 
If I do it, it'll be done right. 	如果我来做，会做得很好。 
I suggest you make it as awkward as possible. Trust me.	建议你还是尴尬着来吧。相信我。
I don't know, maybe this wasn't a great idea.	我不知道，可能这不是个好主意。
But they're leaving all kinds of veterans behind.	但他们把所有的退伍军人都漏掉了。
Do you know the timing on the first piece?	知道第一段新闻辞的时长吗？
You need to stop what you're doing and accept that. 	你得停止你的行为并且接受这个事实。 
Once again, in the wrong place at the wrong time. 	又一次在错误的时间出现在了错误的地点。 
What I did or did not do is none of your business. 	我做过什么没做过什么都与你无关。 
I'm sure you wouldn't want the chinese to have an unfair advantage over the poor, beleaguered english speaking reader.	我确信你一定不想为华文读者放水，这对读得一头雾水的可怜英文读者太不公平了！
Is a rock. 	只是一块石头。 
What kind of force are you talking about?	那不然是什么东西把他弄破的?
Girls have secrets. Men have honor.	女生有秘密。男人有尊严。
We do. That's the only way that this can work. 	我知道。那我就得那么做。 
What? Yeah, that's delightful. 	什么？嗯，真是可喜可嘉。 
I would cry when I compared the gentle artistic soul I had fallen in love with to the invincible foe I faced at the end.	当我将那个我爱上的温柔而且艺术的灵魂和我最终面对的那个不可战胜敌人作比较时，我会哭。
I want this lawn completely resurfaced! 	我要求整个草坪重新铺一遍！ 
So how you been? You know, since mark? 	你还好吧？马克那件事后？ 
Look, we have got Crowley by the short and curlies, okay?	听着，我们得找到克劳力的软肋，好吗？
No we're going to keep your wardrobe 	我们得把你的衣柜 
My place? What would the neighbors think? 	我家？邻居会怎么想啊？ 
Oh, my God. Her passport. 	哦，天啊。她的护照。 
Uh - Oh. Relax. I'm here to invite you to a party. 	嗯-噢。放松，我是来邀请你们参加聚会的。 
Joe Francis guy who made girls gone wild? 	拍 的乔·弗郞西丝？ 
Brought forward the reliability-centered diversity maintenance theoretics that based on the breakdown discipline of advanced manufacture equipment, in order to direct maintenance management of the enterprise.	在研究先进制造设备故障规律及特点的基础上，提出以可靠性为中心的差异维修理论，以指导企业对设备的维修管理。
Perfectly understandable if your frustration boils over.	你的挫败感引致暴怒也合情合理。
L've been over our route twice in the last week.	我上周已经出去勘查了两次干谷。
People used to be healthy	以前的人很健康
Of a young Johnny Pope sitting on his ass 	小约翰·珀普傻坐着 
As trudy binds his wrists.	没想到效果这么好。
Boy, don't get on my last nerve today. 	别把我惹毛了。 
Shit, I have a very bad short - term memory.	我靠，我短期记忆力很差的。
Are you trying to kill me?! What is your problem? 	你想要我的命吗？！你发什么神经？ 
Ah, sweet. 	哦，宝贝儿啊。 
Want your g1 to call home and report your location every 20 minutes?	想让你的g1每二十分钟打一次电话到家并报告你的位置？
The look in her eye when she told me she loved me...	她说爱我的时候眼中的光芒…
She could improvise right next to saxophonists like charlie parker, coleman hawkins or lester young, then turn around and perform a classic american ballad while infusing it with her natural swing.	她可以站在萨克斯手查理帕克，科尔曼霍金斯或者莱斯特扬旁边即兴演出，接着又转身表演融合了自然摇摆的经典美国民谣。
Wait a minute. What is this? 	等会。这是什么？ 
So we can stab out. I'm gonna be chilling right here.	我们速战速决。我在这里等着。
He went to work all day yesterday, 	他昨天一整天都在上班， 
I wanted to. More than anything on earth. 	世界上没有我更想做的事了。 
In order to have a command of the autonomous learning ability of non-english majors, a questionnaire has been conducted and the result has been statistically analyzed.	为了了解非英语专业学生的自主性学习能力，我们进行了一次问卷调查并对此进行统计分析和研究。
You I have finally got 	你我终于得到了 
He lived next door to my restaurant 	他小时候就住在我餐厅的隔壁 
He's had two rounds of EPI and atropine. 	他已经打了两次阿霉素和阿品托。 
I'm getting off this ship 	我要离开这船 
The timer goes off,	当计时器走完，
Whatever heat he gained the day before, 	无论他前一天获得了多少热量， 
The Lord receives my prayer... 	上帝听到了我的祷告... 
These standards may not be achievable during certain daily peak hours or peak periods or in complicated cases.	在某些繁忙时段或繁忙期间，又或倘个案涉及复杂情，未必可以达到所订标准。
Can you buy some toilet rolls when you go to the shops?	你去商店时买几卷卫生纸好吗？
The green one on the end. It's monogrammed,	尽头那把绿色的伞上。边有交织字母的那把，
Waiting to clear passport control and began automatic fire. 	等待清除护照控制并开始自动射击。 
Fine. I've got it. Excuse me.	好吧。我明白。失陪下。
A failed and feeble attempt at doing the right thing.	一次失败而无力的尝试去做正确的事。
In her own way, I suppose, she was happy.	在她的世界里，她很快乐。
Student protesters hold banners outside a police line	学生抗议者在一警戒线外举着横幅
They built this place long before the war. They planned it from the beginning. 	在战争之前很早他们就建造了这个地方。从一开始他们就计划好了。 
Okay. I got it. 	好。我来埋单。 
You're all grown up now?	你以为自己翅膀硬了啊？
don't be stupid. - whatever.	别犯傻。-管它呢。
Both of you. Come on. Back - all right. That's it. 	你们两个。快给我回来。够了-适可而止。 
There is no doubting its epic scale.	其规模之宏大是毋庸置疑的。
Cutting discretionary spending is politically appealing because it arouses less anger than cutting entitlements or raising taxes, and because the specifics are left to congressional negotiators each year.	削减弹性预算在政治上很有吸引力，因为他不像削减福利项目预算或者增税那么容易引起众怒，而且具体细节可以留到一年一度的国会上再谈。
The ability to run javascript was first implemented in version 2 of the netscape browser in december 1995.	1995年12月面世的第二版netscape浏览器首次拥有了运行javascript的能力。
Hey, you got caught.	你被逮住了。
And I'm sorry I don't have the power to do more than order a new trial. 	我也很抱歉我能做的只是宣判重审。 
Can we just talk about this? 	我们能谈谈么？ 
How can you say that to me?	你怎么能对我说这种话？
Yep. With an intactive interface I implemented myself. 	是的。我还加上了自己设计的互动界面。 
China's Yanshan Mountain Range winds its way thousands of miles from the west to the eastern seaboard. It sends a number of waterways like the Henghe, Daihe,Yanghe and Luanhe rivers down to the Bohai Sea at Beidaihe. They create a vast area of wetlands,mud-banks,and lagoons with rich feeding and good places for birds to rest. Here migratory routes come together like great seasonal flocks of birds linking northeast Asia with south China,Indo-China,Australia and even far off east Africa. 	我国的燕山山脉从西到东，沿着海岸线绵延数千公里，漫长曲折，将许多水路如恒河、戴河、阳河和滦河都经北戴河而流人渤海。这些蜿蜒的河流形成了具有丰富营养的大片沼泽、泥滩和泻湖，非常适合鸟类的栖息和生活。这里汇集了许多候鸟迁徙线路，让季节性迁移的巨大鸟流让东北亚和中川南方、印度支那、澳大利亚甚至是更远的东非都连接在了一起。 
He was worried sick about you, not to mention confused and hurt. 	他很担心你，而且他还很茫然很受伤。 
In the history of our temple.	在我们神庙的历史上。
Drunk, lost control of the car, flipped it. 	喝醉开车，撞翻车了。 
I truly, with every fiber of my being, love you.	我全身每条神经纤维都是，爱你的。
And the vermin of the world inhabit it 	世上的害虫都住在里面 
That we think are ready now.	我们认为准备好的。
I never thought it'd get so big... 	我没想到事情变得那么糟…… 
The point is whether I'm in love with him, and I'm not. 	关键是我爱不爱他，而我不爱他。 
Or feel awkward together. 	也不会觉得尴尬。 
It's just your fan belt, by the way. 	只是你的风扇皮带的问题， 
She's not gloomy.	她不忧郁。
Even when you're holding another girl.	总之身边搂着女人但心中仍想着她。
How are you feeling, rupini? 	你感觉如何，宝山空行母？ 
If you run into crocodiles, just kick them with your boots. 	如果你碰到鳄鱼就用靴子踢它。 
She's breaking up the D.E.B.S.? 	她想脱离美少女特工队？ 
There's a little bit of fumbling,	稍微存在一点失误，
The country will know everything about him before he takes office.	全国人会在他上任前知道他的一切。
You must have thought about it, Emiliano. Do you know? 	你必须思考这些埃米利，你知道吗？ 
I know right? Too sweet. 	我就知道？多可爱。 
Snipe 75 enemies in any mode.	在任何模式下狙击掉75个敌兵。
I'm thinking maybe I ought to have a kid. 	我在想，也许我该要个孩子。 
And I guarantee that I will no longer be killed even if doing lip of the drift, is simply to pay living death!	我保证以后就算打死我也不再会做漂唇了,简直就是花钱活受罪!
The couple is now trying in-vitro fertilization to try to ensure they have a dragon baby.	这对夫妇正在尝试体外受精的办法，以确保龙年喜得贵子。
Improving agricultural water use efficiency in arid and semiarid areas of china.	在中国干旱半干旱地区提高农业用水效率。
Is he stupid, or what? 	他是傻了还是怎么？他们全都疯了？ 
Oh, what's that thing? 	喔，这是什么？ 
To want to find... Someplace solely for yourself. 	想找一个只有你一个人的地方。 
I'd like to have a word with you. What's this all about? 	我有话跟你说。这什么情况？ 
The universe appears to have a built-in "cosmic censorship" principle at work that shields a black hole's singularity from direct observation.	宇宙看似自身拥有一个“宇宙监督”原则在起作用，阻止了对黑洞奇点的直接观察。
He dropped by and he brought a copy of 'about last night' 	带了电影" 昨夜情深 
I'm not always going to be on the road. 	我也不是总在巡演。 
Laura saw through it right away. 	劳拉马上看见了。 
We knew it wasn't good for us,	我们都知道这样做是不对的，
Seems that last Tuesday, one of your deputies, 	上周二，你们的一个警官， 
Yep. He hates it when I talk about the fact he's unhappy.	他讨厌我谈起他不高兴的事情。
Neither of us knew anyone in the city, 	在这儿我们人生地不熟， 
What shall I do? She is impatient	我该怎么做？她等得不耐烦了
We have already established that light may be treated as a transverse electromagnetic wave.	我们已经论证过可以把光当横电磁波来处理。
There was a time when Liverpool players never seemed to get injured, but now they are going down like ninepins.	利物浦队的队员一度似乎怎么都不会受伤，但现在一倒就倒了一片。
Qian xuesen's research on human body science is a theoretical innovation of great importance, but not at least the so-called "pseudoscience".	钱老对人体科学的研究是重大的理论创新，绝不是什么“伪科学”。
I told him all about you. 	我把你的事都告诉了他。 
No, there's less.	不，完全没有。
Lakes, or tourist beaches, industrial water basins exist for brute purpoutilitarianses like agriculture irigation or nuclear power plant cooling.	以功利目的比如农业灌溉或核电站散热存在的湖泊，或观光海滩，工业用水库。
Who did you rob for that?	打劫谁得来的？
We need to give them their treasure back, before the stories spread of the seeker.	我们要把宝藏还给他们在探索者是个小偷。
They feel so special because they've been chosen. 	因为他们受宠了他们感到非常特别。 
From conservative to socialist; 	从保守派到社会主义者； 
Jpmorgan, one of the leading trade financiers, believes there is particular scope to "slice-and-dice" exposures to export credit agencies the quasi-government entities that support export business and repackage them as simple cdo-like instruments.	作为领先贸易融资银行之一，摩根大通认为，目前存在着一个特殊的空间，即“拆解”对出口信贷机构支持出口企业的准政府机构的敞口，并将其重新打包为类似cdo的简单工具。
But there were problems. 	但是很棘手。 
No sleep, but I think it was worth it.	一夜没睡，不过我觉得值。
It's a dark bluemonte Carlo, 	是一辆深蓝色的蒙特卡洛， 
I know what she's like. 	我知道她是怎样的人。 
I don't get it. How are we going to get into the local impound?	我不懂。我们怎么进没收室啊？
I think it would be great to be married.	我觉得结婚是件好事。
We're looking for a silver SUV.	我们要找的是个银色的越野车。
Push comes to shove... 	如果发生事故... 
It's so stupid that you don't use	你不用高效烹饪锅
Yeah, it bummed me out. I thought he was a master, 	是啊，我被骗了。我还以为他是个大师， 
No! Don't! It may be out!	不！不要！它可能出来了！！
All entries must be on the judges' table in 30 seconds - 30 seconds. 	所有的作品都要在30秒内放在评委的桌子上…30秒。 
It's going to be a great night for everyone-the charity, the fans and hopefully the families.	对每个人来说，那晚将是伟大的夜晚，义赛，球迷还有遇难者家庭。
When you need a little more room, this non-smoking king room is a prime pick with a pillow-top king-sized bed and sofa bed. 	如果您需要更大的空间，这间无烟客房是不错的选择，配有一张加厚垫特大床和一张沙发床。 
Well, while they're here fattening up, we got to keep them healthy. 	当它们长瞟的时候，我们就负责保持它们健康。 
And here's a tip: instead of tasking people,	给你个忠告：别把人电晕，
Then they understood that he did not say to take heed of the leaven of the bread, but of the teaching, of the pharisees and sadducees.	这时他们才领会耶稣说的不是要提防饼酵，而是要提防法利赛人和撒都该人的教训。
LI saw some beautiful girl in my dream.	在我的梦里看见一个美丽的姑娘。
But god's word reminds us that our real security, happiness and future are in christ and in obeying god's will.	但神的教导提醒我们真正的安全，幸福和未来来自于耶酥基督，来自于服从神的旨意。
Every member of Barrett's team is dead	巴雷特保安队里的人不是死了
On second thoughts maybe not. 	仔细想想还是算了。 
It could be exhilarating, intimidating, sometimes even discouraging, but always challenging.	哈佛的生活令人振奋，也令人生畏，有时甚至会让人感到泄气，但永远充满了挑战性。
To transfer the sum of 1 000 zlotys 	在每月10号 
I hope nobody here is superstitious. That's one big mirror we're about to break.	听说过高射炮打蚊子。可没见过发射火箭去打镜子。
Some kind of adhesive residue on the wounds,	伤口有黏性残余物，
But I've never read them 	但我从来没有看过 
You can't assume that she wants a kiss, so this is what I do.	你怎么确定她是否想要吻别，要是我的话就会这么做。
Workers paint at a shipyard at the klaipeda port june 21, 2010.	工人在油漆在克莱佩达港船厂2010年6月21日。
The beam of 7 iron was added below bedplate.	睡床板下面加了七根铁的横梁.
Please. I didn't take you for a stoner. 	拜托，我不知道你还有这种爱好。 
Then I guess we have a stalemate.	我想我们会进入僵局。
What if the baby looks just like Jimmy and not me? 	如果宝宝长得像吉米而不像我，那怎么办？ 
You two stay right there.	你们两个留在这儿。
I'm pretty sure that's to you. 	我确定这个问题是给你的。 
I'm not putting this on anybody, you know?	我并不怪任何人？
Oh. He makes me sick. I would barf. 	哦。他让我恶心。我要吐了。 
It's a bunch of baloney. They couldn't write it if it wasn't true.	简直胡说八道。如果不是真的，他们不会登报的。
Our luxurious non-smoking suites come with everything you need to feel at home. 	我们的豪华无烟套房配有您需要的一切，让您宾至如归。 
Never backing me up. 	从来不支持我。 
We owe her very much for the shop.	因为这个店我们欠她的太多啦。
But knight's recent trading disaster happened in nyse stocks, so it's not like the nyse is doing a better job of stopping trading glitches.	但最近骑士（Knight）的交易灾难就是发生在在纽约证交所上市的股票上，看起来纽约证交所在终止交易差错上的表现也并不比别人出色。
The hail, the tornados, it all fits. 	冰雹和龙卷风也符合你的理论。 
What you said was true, "I've lost my senses. 	你说的很对，我都没法思考了。 
Please fill-in the attached pre-audit questionnaire together with this and return by fax by 4 days before the field audit.	在进行实地评估前四天，请填写此表及所附的问卷表并以传真方式送达。
Why? 'cause I saw you in one lousy movie? 	为什么？只因为我看了你那些片子？ 
I already broke my prop. I know. 	我已经把我的弄断了我知道。 
So the number of children working at these poverty level jobs	因此这些干着贫困线工作的孩子总数增长
You fit from his palm to his elbow, and he fell in love.	你的长度刚好从他手掌到手肘，然后他恋爱了。
Analysts say they now expect csr and other chinese railway equipment builders to be less aggressive in bidding for new contracts.	分析师说目前他们预计中国南车及其他中国铁路设备制造商竞标新合约的积极性会降低。
Did your husband ever say anything about dr Beekman...	你丈夫谈起过有关比克曼博士...
Leaf blade cordate to broadly oblong, margin coarsely crenate.	叶片心形的到宽长圆形，边缘具粗圆齿。
That he or she had been there before us.	在我们之前所留下的任何行迹
I'm life, Annie. I'm life, Annie. 	我就是生活，安妮。我就是生活，安妮。 
Benitez is keen to keep the pair and he revealed talks with agger are at an advanced stage, although discussions with dutch star kuyt have yet to get underway.	贝尼特斯坚持要留下他们俩，他透露与阿格尔的续约谈判已经有了很大进展，但与荷兰球星库伊特的谈判还没有开始。
I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben. 	我明天一整天都要陪班。 
Wouldn’t have all of your escape routes covered?	我不知道你的全程逃跑路径吗？
Ugh! Yeah, I think I'm regressing. 	呃！是啊，我觉得自己都要退化了。 
Senator mccain also may be attempting to counter voter concerns about his age.	麦凯恩参议员挑选佩林作副手，同时可能也在试图减低选民对他年纪的疑虑。
I should get the test result's late tomorrow. I understand.	明天晚些时候才能出检验结果。我明白。
I've been in some pretty hairy situations.	我到过许多惊险的地方。
Hopefully, we'll shrink the bubbles 	希望我们能减少气泡 
Do you understand? Go! 	明白吗？快走！ 
But I forgot to say one thing he made mistakes faster	可是我说漏了一句背黑锅更快
don't forget your garnish, okay? 	别忘了还要加点装饰，好吗？ 
It's about taking good care of the people you love. 	你要照顾好你爱的人。 
True, central banks have been raising interest rates, but they have tended to be tardy.	确实，中央银行已经提高了利率，但是他们反应迟缓。
Look, I don't know what it is or how she feels.	听着，我不知道这算什么或者她的感受。
You look great out there.	你在那表现得不错。
Well, one tomb Raider is good. Two, better. 	带一个盗墓的管用。带两个，更好。 
Other artists and comedians share this attitude.	其他艺术家和喜剧演员们同意这一观点。
Oh. Sorry. Wow, you are really pretty.	哦。不好意思。哇，你真漂亮呢。
I'm just a little bit -  	只是有点 -  
What he doesn't know doesn't hurt him. 	别让他知道就行了。 
You need to get back here.	你得回来下。
I think it's payback time for a little tea party they threw for us a few hundred years ago. 	我觉得是时候来“报答”他们几百年前向我们发动的小小“茶会”了。 
My heart near stopped for fear of it.	我吓得心跳都快停了。
I got to get going. What? 	我要走了- 什么？？ 
Please tell me that you're kidding.	告诉我你是在开玩笑。
I spoke to the prime minister of Malawi. 	我和马拉维的首相谈过了。 
I don't make the rules. It happens. 	我没定规则。它就是这么发展的。 
If by some miracle, you manage to get that computer working again, 	如果出现了奇迹，你们把电脑修好了， 
FONTS 	字体 
In the foyer where you left them.	你脱在前厅那了。
What's the matter? don't you want it?	怎么了？你不想要了？
I mean, I missed out on the real thing, 	我是说，我错过了真实的生活 
Where she thinks no one wants to go to her house,	她觉得没人愿意去她家，
Yes, I will. I promise.	好，我会的。我保证。
From the middle of April. 	从4月中旬开始。 
That they live as they will never die, and die as if they had never lived.	他们活得好像好像永远不会死，却死得好像未曾活过一样。
Hmm. Being about to do it and doing it. 	嗯。准备做和下手做。 
And did a better cover. 	换了个更好的封面而已。 
What are you saying, exactly? What's going on over there at your place? 	你到底在说什么？在你家发生了什么事？ 
If you're not using your office, I will.	你不用你自己的办公室，那我用。
Stop. I told you come on. I want to wait till prom.	停手我要等到毕业舞会。
Be extra careful tonight. 	今夜要格外小心。 
Vincent van gough is my favorite painter.	梵谷是我最喜欢的画家。
Wait, so that's why you took the case?	等等，所以你才接这个案子？
We won't need them here. 	就不需要他们守在这里了。 
You hadn't been in solitary since you got here. 	从关进来起你从没住过单间。 
You know, he wouldn't be getting out if we'd been able to admit that as evidence. 	如果我们能把这个当作证据他就不会被放出来了。 
I think you told her to go to this abandoned building to interview this fake guest, and...	我觉得是你骗她去那座废弃的大楼去见客户…
The developmental process, research methods and contents of environmental geophysics are outlined in this paper.	简述了环境地球物理学的发展过程及其研究内容和方法。
America has already cancelled some military exercises with russia.	美国就已经取消了一些与俄国的军事演习。
This follows a move by ikea, the world's largest furniture maker, to enter india with a$ 1.9 billion investment.	在此之前，世界上最大的家具制造商宜家（Ikea）以19亿美元的投资进军印度。
You might want to keep your distance.	最好跟他保持距离。
And yes, it was rough, so don't ask. 	是的，非常不愉快，所以别问。 
I think you're made of very, very good stuff. 	我知道你是个顶好顶好的人。 
But we come here, battling like bilge snipe. 	但是我们来到这儿的时候像比指鹬一样作战。 
I'm not worried. I'm just reasonably concerned. 	我没担心。我只是有点关心。 
But I've got to talk to him. It's important. When is he coming back?	但是我想和他谈点事非常重要。他什么时候回来？
My mom worked at a research station in those woods. 	我妈在树林里的一个研究站工作。 
I'm going to the show. 	我被选去打表演赛。 
I heard he got away.	我听说他跑了。
I feel like we Haven't talked about anything, 	好像除了你的工作我们什么也没谈， 
Sometimes, it seemed to mrs. crich as if her husband were some subtle funeral bird, feeding on the miseries of the people.	有时克里奇夫人觉得她的丈夫似乎是某种狡猾的食尸鸟，靠食用人们的不幸活着。
Um, let me show her around. 	呃，让我带她去吧。 
It has more bigger particles and fewer smaller ones.	它的大颗粒更多，小颗粒要更少。
I know. Pretty dreadful. Yours? 	我知道很惨。你呢？ 
You saw the back of his head? No. His face I remember. Really.	你看到的是他的后脑勺？不，我记得他的脸，真的。
You want some whiskey? No, champagne. 	你想喝点威士忌吗？不，香槟就好。 
We have reason to believe someone's planning an assassination attempt on your life.	我们有证据相信有人意图对你进行暗杀。
Is it my loud socks, my big head? 	是不是因为我穿花袜子，或者我的头太大？ 
All right, that's enough. You picked the wrong family to pull this on, mister.	好的，够了。你找错对象了，先生。
Despite his illegal act, few people think badly of him.	尽管他干了违法的事情，但很少有人认为他不好。
Aside from the appeal of the franchise itself kartrider has a shot at defining the racing genre on facebook.	除了专营权的本身的吸引外，跑跑卡丁车子和facebook竞赛类型的定义之间有着关键联系。
I'm sick of being behind this guy.	我受够了被这家伙牵着鼻子走。
When is our flight back? I gotta go to the bathroom. 	我们的回程飞机是什么时候？我得上洗手间了。 
With petty, a gunner.	普利夏，韩德斯，你们负责其他。
He totally didn't have to do that. 	他不需要这么做的。 
But he ain't laid a finger on us in a long time.	可是他很长时间都没有碰过我们了。
I'm sorry. I just want to leave. 	抱歉，我只想离开。 
We're hurt, so we hurt in turn -  	我们受到了伤害，我们一直被伤害 -  
And extrapolating from a volume indicator like oil or electricity use to gdp-a value-added measure-is not a straightforward process.	而且，也不能简单地用石油或电力消耗这样的数量指标去推算gdp那样的“增值指标”。
If anyone tried to enter, 	如果有人尝试进入， 
You know I can't be here. What if somebody saw - 	你知道我不能出现在这里。要是给人看见怎么办 -
With no incoming signals from her hand to keep her hand area working,	手部没有讯息进来让她的手部区域维持运作，
He has refused the crown, 	他拒绝了加冕， 
The us cannot demand legality from others when it is cavalier in its own behaviour.	美国在自己为所欲为的同时，不可能要求其他国家守法。
I don't feel that old. 	我不觉得很老啊 
I'm surprised to find you home.	我很惊讶你在家呢。
I don't know exactly. You said about a week on the phone. 	我也不知道。你在电话里说一星期。 
You know, about doing nothing tonight. 	你说，今晚没安排。 
We're almost there, though.	可是我就快成功了。
I saw his group the highwaymen performing when I was very young.	我从小就看过我父亲乐团的highwaymen演出。
I have made up my mind and nothing you say will change it.	我主意已定，你说什么我也。
Mr palacio implied that this was a war crime, but provided no evidence for his claim.	埃米理奥帕拉西奥暗示这是一种战争犯罪，但没有提供任何有关证据。
Japan went one better than last year in getting the silver medal but the gulf between them and the winners was evident, especially on the rings where they repeatedly seemed unable to hold their handstands.	但日本队与中国队的差距还是很明显，尤其在吊环项目中，日本队员好几次手倒立时都好像坚持不住了。
Yeah, none were found.	是啊，但一个也没找到。
Hell, I'll get you a picture. 	我给你们一张照片。 
Um, tell me about the person you're playing. 	呃，给我讲讲这个你扮演的人物。 
And I'm not going to be satisfied until I hear, 	我没法满意除非我听到你说， 
I'm ready to kill it, man.	我整装以待啦，哥们。
It controls your blood sugar levels. It's all from China, isn't it? 	它能控制您的血糖水平。从中国来的，不是吗？ 
That suggests a weaker dollar if and when the economic crisis abates.	这说明，一旦经济危机消退，美元就会走弱。
We could clean. 	我们可以打扫屋子。 
I'm your new valet. 	我是你的新跟班。 
Britain, germany the following 100 mm caliber artillery contrast, the united kingdom 87.6 mm howitzer has a range of distance, however, the german afrika korps quickly deployed 100 mm and 170 mm artillery level.	英德100毫米以下口径火炮对比，英国87.6毫米榴弹炮有较远的射程，然而，德军非洲军团很快部署了100毫米和170毫米级别的火炮。
So you got a gangster for a husband	你丈夫是黑帮？
I take the grenade, pull the pin and throw it at the Germans. 	所以我掏出手榴弹，拔掉脱钩然后扔向德国佬。 
Yeah, you just need to take a standard physical, 	你只需要做个体检， 
May I ask why, sir? 	我能问一下原因吗？先生？ 
But he killed my sister! 	但是他杀了我的妹妹！ 
New orleans's population in 1803 was approximately 8000, consisting of 4000 whites and 2700 enslaved and about 1300 free persons of colour.	新奥尔良1803年的人口大约为8000人，包括4000白人和2700名奴隶以及1300名自由的有色人种。
An incision? That sounds deliberate.	切口？好像是故意的。
Because all the animals in Jurassic park are female. 	因为园里的动物都是母的。 
And he said: "we might measure the amount of time they spend laughing and smiling and compare that to any other society, because I don't see anyone around here who is not laughing or smiling most of the time."	他答：“我们可以去计算他们欢笑和莞尔的时间，再拿来同另一个社会群落来比较，因为我没见这里有谁大部分时间不是嘴角上翘的。”
You put the number in. 	是要代入具体数值的。 
To the girl of my dreams and the mother of our child: you are the only valentine for me.	献给我梦中的女孩及咱们孩子的母亲：你是我笃志的爱人。
I drove my steed on, racing for my father's villa. 	我纵马疾驰向父亲的村庄。 
In straitjackets or rubber rooms?	穿着束身衣或者待在橡皮室里吗？
I'll coming right away.	我马上赶过来。
What are you two up to? Nothing.	你们两在干吗？没什么。
Perhaps easy access to fast food leads to increased consumption of the greasy goods, upping the likelihood of stroke by clogging arteries, morgenstern speculates.	作为推测，他猜想可能是离快餐店近会促使人们经常光顾，从而油腻食品吃的多，这就增加了血管堵塞引发中风的可能性。
For stopping power 	使她不能动弹 
You figured out a wayto take him out and take overhis entire enterprise.	你想了个办法让他出局然后接管他的生意。
I look forward to your calls. So as long as you need someone to talk to,	我盼着你打来呢想找人倾诉尽管说，
Exactly. And as a doctor, l recommend water of God. 	对作为医生我推荐上帝之水。 
Great, so maybe after school we should... Hang. 	太好了，那么也许放学之后我们应该一起走。 
I'm gonna be here for a little while. 	我再呆会儿。 
Several wars with hundreds of millions of people,	一些成千万人参与的战争，
We're getting our penguins back.	我们要把我们的企鹅带回来。
It is your duty to use his love to our advantage in supplanting Wolsey.	你的职责就是利用他的爱情帮助我们排挤沃尔西。
We know you don't want to hurt anybody. 	我们知道你不会伤害任何人。 
I need to speak with her before tonight. 	我今晚必须和她见面。 
Oh no, we're running for our lives	不，不，我们正急于逃命
Get ready to get dirty, doc. 	准备好弄脏手了吗，医生。 
A picket fence would provide neither security nor privacy.	尖桩栅栏提供不了安全和隐秘。
Okay, clearly, I can't talk to either of you.	好吧，明显，跟你们任何一个都无法交流。
Do you know the sacrifices he's made to serve our country?	你知道他为了服务国家牺牲有多大吗？
Yeah, he does actually.	不，他的确不喜欢我。
You know, before all this started,	你知道么，在这之前，
felt its power. 	感受到了他的力量 
I just do recall giving you a wink. 	我刚才想起我的确向你使了一个眼色。 
It's painful, huh? 	很痛苦，对吗？ 
It doesn't hurt me to see you with him.	我看到你跟他在一起一点都不难过。
Do you know we have a mutual friend?	你知道吗，我们有个共同的朋友？
Someone get me out of here, Bodeen 	带我远走高飞吧，博登 
Then came talk of taking the industry "back for the people."	随后，又提出将能源行业“收归人民所有”。
Whatever hot water you have in here is for me...	你的热水都归我了。。。
As for running the state department, no woman who came within a whisker of being president was likely to leave the behemoth at foggy bottom unreformed.	作为一个距总统之位仅一步之遥的女人，面对雾谷的巨型国家机器，是不可能不对其进行改革的。
Now you got a nice body and all...	你的身材也很棒。。。
In the movie, there's an open spot on his back, so you can see the future. 	但在电影里他背上有一块空白你可以借此看到未来。 
I'll tell you what though... It doesn't touch the Jersey shore.	但是我告诉你... 这没泽西海岸的好...
The government has agreed not to consider nato membership in its current term and mr niinisto himself is cautious on the matter.	政府已经同意在现任期内不会考虑北约成员国身份，而尼尼斯托本人在此议题上也是小心谨慎。
Yeah, he's pulling up to the house right now. 	他已经到那儿了。 
Probably a convention.	可能是次会议。
In and out everyday. 	帮他打下记时卡就行。 
I'll do it  why don't you go take a break? 	我来做吧，你为什么不休息一下呢？ 
So you're on a waving basis now?	你现在经常挥手了？
Israeli scientists, however, have come up with an even creepier scenario.	然而，以色列科学家却想出了一个更令人毛骨悚然的场景。
I just made a jerk out of myself. No, you didn't. 	我刚才象个笨蛋一样。不，你没有。 
No. For solving the case.	不是因为解决了这起案子。
Going through this pass in the mountains.	穿过山上的小径。
Yeah, breaking and entering. 	是的，擅闯民宅 
But if I cannot compete with sandstorms and artifacts,	可如果我比不上风沙和古文物的话，
But I don't think there'd be much point...	但是我觉得在死刑前...
He saw that the lights had changed to green.	他看到交通灯已经转为绿色。
One guest? You told me I could have six tickets.	一张？你告诉我能有6张票的。
But low business taxes and the lack of a provincial sales tax make overall operating costs lower than in ontario.	但营业税较低和没有省一级的销售税，使这里的企业整体经营成本低于安大略省。
At this point, that might be a good thing.	到了现在这个阶段这可能是件好事。
Looks down at his bowl of chili.	低头看他的一碗红辣椒。
This paper based on the needs of the observation characteristics of the grounded meteorological elements in meso-scale disaster weather, combining the recent conditions of the two suits of the aws net appearing, gives an idea of designing a data collecting and dealing system based on meso-scale aws.	本文立足于中尺度灾害性天气的地面气象要素观测需求特点，结合目前我国两套自动气象站网络并存的现状，提出设计一个基于中尺度自动气象站的资料收集处理系统。
Londoneye 2003 - OAP GRP 10, Per Person, Per Break. 	每次入住为每位客人提供一张伦敦眼2003年–OAP票，10人集体票。 
Thousands of tons of radioactive particles were released. 	几千吨的放射性原料释放出来。 
Boy,them lraqis really know how to throw a good party.	伙计，这些伊拉克人举行聚会确实很在行。
Fierce exterminate hill "shuang shiwei" the development of resource and economy of fujian north region.	武夷山“双世遗”资源与闽北区域经济的发展。
Monday? Were you in Monday? 	星期一？你周一在吗？ 
All right, we get the point. So, yeah, I'm a kid.	好吧，我们明白了。这，是的。我是个孩子。
Now, come on out of there and put your hands out in front of you. 	好了，现在走出来把手放在前面。 
But there wasn't this feeling of sort of, hey, we're building something. 	不过，我们当时并没有那种创造感。 
Jean hill, Willie o 'Keefe... 	希珍妮和柯威利这样的人... 
I have a crush on a gay guy. 	我竟然爱上了一玻璃。 
If you did, I'd do my best to hear it right now.	但若真是那样我现在尽力倾听。
But I ain't going 'no 10,000 miles... 	但我不会跑一万哩…… 
Mr desmond has only around 14% of the british newspaper market and 5% of tv.	德斯蒙德先生只有约14%英国报业市场和5%的电视媒体市场。
When it's time to fight, we'll be glad he fights with us. 	当时机来到的时候，我们会很乐意跟他打一仗的。 
As soon as this paperwork is finished... You're a free man.	一旦手续办清楚，你就自由了。
But gay leaders accused him of betrayal, and they had their reasons.	但同性恋的领导人指责他背叛，他们有他们的理由。
Submission from po leung kuk on victims of domestic violence applying for comprehensive social security assistance.	保良局提交有关家庭暴力受害人申请综合社会保障援助的意见书.
You need more people in your corner. I'm afraid for you. 	你需要更多的人支持你，我很担心你。 
Damn. Well, she sounds like a bitch.	晕。听上去这个女的是个贱人。
They were my cards, I would have checked - raise, smooth call, and taken the lead on the turn.	换了我手上有好牌，肯定一点点把圈注加大，再出手。
You had a few minutes, without result. 	你已经费了好几分钟，毫无收获。 
She'll be so glad to see you. I'm sure she'll have forgotten me. 	她见到你该多高兴啊。我猜她都忘记我了。 
Ten years can wear down a romantic relationship, or it can let love blossom.	十年的时间究竟是可以消耗掉一段浪漫的感情，还是可以让爱开花结果呢？
You tell them you want to live isn't it?	你告诉他们你不想死对吗？
Will not see wink women.	不会看眼色的女的。
I'm afraid you'd have to ask mr. dobson about that.	恐怕这事您得问多布森先生。
Okay, you win that one.	好吧，算你赢了。
All right, everyone, listen here now. 	好了，所有人听好了。 
The two headed pussy 	双头小猫影院 
I'm prosecuting you. 	我正起诉你。 
Take out these cameras.	把这些摄像机弄掉！
I've been saving the leftover pittance,	我把余下的钱都存了起来，
I'll only be gone for a day. - you just got back from Boston.	我只离开一天而已- 你可刚从波士顿回来。
Dedicated to education and quality television.	公园基金会致力于教育和高品质电视事业。
So we are halfway .	我们走了一半路程。
Winn. Where is she? 	文恩。她人呢？ 
Otherw se wou d R ape you too. 	你再吵，信不信我把你也干了！ 
The moment I consider running for governor?	就发生这些事你不觉得可疑吗？
We've lost so many friends here.	我们在这儿失去好多战友。
The story, however, did not reach its climax until the japanese invasion of manchuria, which lasted from 1931 to the end of the second world war.	不过这段叙述还没有到达它的高潮：即从1931年持续到第二次世界大战结束的日本入侵满洲一节。
While you explain this is a good car. 	只为了听你解释为啥这车是辆好车。 
But we must have something here that meets your case, petty - love.	但一定有合你心意的亲爱的。
She was appointed to the department 12 years ago in June. 	是在十二年前的六月。 
You know, modeling is not just making a pretty picture,	你知道，做模特不仅仅是拍出好照片
Firms that swiftly uncover and put a stop to wrongdoing might also get more lenient treatment from regulators if, say, their employees are found to have broken antitrust rules.	如果公司的员工被发现违反了反托拉斯法，该公司迅速揭露并且终止错误举动，他们可能会得到监管机构的宽大的处理。
It wouldn't have occurred to me to get myself a bachelor pad.	否则我不会想到给自己找一套单身公寓。
My finger fell down the stairs.	我的手指摔下楼梯了。
He's bringing two featherbeds for the cabin.	他要在船舱里放两张床。
And as legal guardians, we would get him and eventually the money.	作为法定监护人，我们要照顾他所以那笔钱也归我们了。
You need another witness, and at this point, 	你还需要一个证人到了这时候， 
Have guidance and to have 	帮助你去理解 
I love you. Wonderful! Show us those pearly whites.	尤尔根！我爱你！给我们看看你那口珍珠白牙。
During the song dynasty, reforming became the main current in the intellectual and political circle.	两宋时期，求变思潮成为思想界与政治界的主流。
Anyway, I'm saving up... 	任何方式，我正在节省钱。。。 
For decades american universities have been offering more of everything-more courses for undergraduates, more research students for professors and more rock walls for everybody-on the merry assumption that there would always be more money to pay for it all.	几十年以来，美国大学总是提供更多的条件：给本科生提供更多的课程，给教授安排更多的研究生，给每个学生提供更多的体育设施，并且总是乐呵呵地设想会有更多的钱来支付这些开销。
I don't want to. You have to tell. That's the rule. 	我不要你必须说这是规则。 
Someone's son is liable to be out on his stoop holding a cell phone and catch bullets.	孩子会因为站在街头讲电话而中弹。
Impressive stuff. Yeah, thanks.	打得不错耶。谢谢。
You are the chain of custody for that card. 	你处在那张卡的保管链上。 
Hey, we can even name the place after you. 	嗨，我们甚至可以让你来命名那个地方。 
I have - you know, I have an average face. 	我有-你懂的，我长了张大众脸。 
You're sweating. You're soaked, dad. 	你在出汗你全身都湿了，爸爸？ 
He cried and knelt in front of his father beside the hospital bed of his mother, asking for forgiveness.	他跪在母亲病床前，哭着向父亲祈求原谅。
Until you meet your greatest challenge.	否则你永远也不能履行你那伟大的命运。
Oh, you're the idiot who - 	哦，你就是那个白痴- 
You feel that? Mm - hm. 	感觉如何？。嗯。 
But not my dream, because I've been here, right here the whole time,	不是我的梦，因为我整晚都在，
What if I wanted something heavier?	假如我要些火力更强大的呢？
Ladies blouses, perfumes and fragrances.	女式衬衫，香水和香味。
A furrowed brow, that's a new look for you.	眉毛皱成这样，你这副模样还真少见啊。
He's at the opposite end of the men spectrum. 	他完全是另一类男人。 
You are trapped in	你的问题所在
And drag it through the garden. 	所有配菜都要。 
I bet on the future.	我把赌注押在将来。
A few years back and I remember this because it was	几年前我之所以记得是因为
It feels like forever. What? 	感觉像是一辈子了。什么？ 
They live cheek by jowl in the village.	他们住在这个村子里，房子紧挨着。
I was watching.	可我看见了。
Some kiezdeutsch-speakers even embrace the stigma.	一些说基茨德语的人甚至包容瑕疵。
Their deaths will be pointless.	他们毫无意义地在送死。
Mr Farr, and his family, and his friends	法尔先生，他的家族，他的朋友 
All right, listen, pick one song.	好的，听着，选首歌。
He was saturated in pheromones.	他的激素量已经饱和了。
Turn off the light before you leave.	你离开之前把灯关上。
Being a middle man between ex-KGB agents 	他是中间人从前克格勃特工手里买丢失的前苏联导弹 
A lot, I got a lot, but that's not it. 	很多买了很多东西，但我不是指这个。 
And lifting up my eyes I saw two women coming out, and the wind was in their wings; and they had wings like the wings of a stork: and they took the ephah, lifting it up between earth and heaven.	我又举目观看，见有两个妇人出来，在她们翅膀中有风，飞得甚快。翅膀如同鹳鸟的翅膀。她们将量器抬起来，悬在天地中间。
Yeah, just pull it down, and inside. 	好了，然后把窗拉下来，然后到里面来。 
You've been out here for so long you must be freezing 	你在外面呆了那么久肯定冻坏了 
And I feel uneasy.	令人不自在。
I've been trying to call you all morning. 	我给你打了一早上的电话。 
In, like ,17 different languages. 	就像是，用17种不同的语言。 
What am l? I'd better leave! 	我在这里算什么啦？我走好了！ 
As always, there were some tough critiques.	一如既往，节目中也出现了一些严酷的评价。
I think the remedy for us 	我觉得最好的补救办法 
She just redid the roof, but...	她刚刚修好了房顶，可是...
I'm not one of your clients, Ted. don't sell me.	我不是你的客户，特勒，别游说我。
Risk investors that had driven up prices have partially taken profits, and suddenly they are wary. They are right to be wary.	疯狂抬高资产价格并从中渔利的风险投资者们突然变得谨慎起来，他们的谨慎是正确的。
I finally know who I am 	我终于知道了我是谁 
I thought I heard somebody say the explosion was a propane accident. 	我听他们说是煤气爆炸事故。 
I've fucking make you. 	我妈的会要你好看。 
I'm gonna live you two alone. I don't understand. 	你们两个慢慢聊。我被搞糊涂了。 
And battling against predators. 	与天敌对抗。 
Instead, generous terms may help bridge the pricing gulf further reason for investors fearful of a political backlash to stay clear.	相反，慷慨的条款可能有助于越过定价鸿沟这更加说明，投资者有理由担心政治上的反对而不加入。
I'm going to the authorities, and I will be telling them - 	我们一定要通知当局，我要对他们说- 
Yellow bridge, and lanzhou, who served as imperial academy shi du bachelor, author of "the book variorum" and "blue slope set" is a well-known scholars on the ming gansu.	黄谏，兰州人，曾任翰林院侍读学士，著有《经书集解》和《兰坡集》，是明代陇上知名学者。
And he wants to help a person in need, he does it.	他真心想帮助人，他的确是。
I am not having this conversation with you again. Hang on. 	我不要再跟你说话。等一等。 
The dalai lama waved back.	而达赖喇嘛也向他们挥手。
Last night he arrived in Starling city to sell the guns. 	他昨晚抵达斯特林市来销赃。 
Your SATs are going down.	你情况不好。
Some of them are even 	其中有一些 
That's not sarcasm in your voice. it's-	你的话没有讽刺的语气。那是...
Just drawing contrast between us. 	只是在对比我们两个。 
Damn. A little rusty, I guess.	我去。我猜是有些生锈了，我猜。
Well, you are management, Carl. 	好吧，你就是经理啊，卡尔。 
He's made it clear he's not going to co-operate, sir.	他说很清楚了他不会合作的长官。
Uh, found them stashed under the settee.	我发现它们藏在长椅下面。
And she has won a coveted place in the flotilla on the day itself in a boat named, appropriately enough, the queen elizabeth.	在巡礼当天，她也会在游行船队中获得自己梦寐以求的位置，没错，就是那艘名为“伊丽莎白女王”的航船。
We're kind of having a moment here.	我们在独处。
Today, a new, top-quality set of this type may cost$ 150000.	今天，一套这样的崭新高级组合，大概需要15万美元。
No. Oh, I know he's not embarrassing.	不,不我知道他才不" 窘迫。
Once they put the snake in the tank, 	他们一把蛇放到水箱里， 
Get down! Get down lower!	低下头！再低一点！
I wanted to reassure you. I wanted you to feel better. 	我要你放心我要你好起来。 
A crucial means of countering piracy, oil theft, narcotics trafficking, and terrorism along the african coast is creating better job opportunities.	对付海盗、偷油、毒品走私、非洲海岸恐怖主义最关键的一种方法就是创造更好的就业机会。
I don't know why this school admits mentals like her. 	我搞不懂学校怎么会让她这种神经病进来的。 
Half a loaf of bread is better than none.	有半条面包总比没有强
Forget not thy friend in thy mind, and be not unmindful of him in thy riches.	你心里总不要忘记你真正的朋友，分派胜利品时，更不可忽略他。
Then you took him back when I was 12 	我十二岁你们又在一起了 
Would you do - would you do that, ever? 	你愿意你愿意做吗？ 
He's beyond reach of the law.	就不再受到任何法律的制裁。
Personal trainer. Really? 	私人教练。是吗？ 
Stop being disrespectful.	态度放尊重。
The heartbreaking image of hawkeye that was taken by tumilson's cousin lisa pembleton is surely one of the most poignant of the year.	由tumilson的外甥女lisa pembleton拍摄的这张心碎的hawkeye被公认为是本年度最刻骨铭心的一幕。
Yet a start could be made, and foreign-aid donors would back it.	但起步工作可以进行，外国也会援助支持。
The book ends with some provocative claims.	这书最后以一些颇具煽动性的断言结束。
Allow me, sweetheart.	我来吧，宝贝。
I think you're reasonable 	我知道你也很有道理 
I told you I don't want the drugs. 	我告诉过你我对毒品不感兴趣。 
In a letter, kellogg said that lower salt guidelines were "incompatible with a palatable diet."	在一封信中，家乐氏说低盐指南是“与美味饮食相矛盾的。”
Like, know your soul.	比如，了解你的灵魂。
While you got me here,	既然让我来了，
I was gonna say hot.	我觉得应该用火辣。
Like the game you used to play when you were a little kid. 	就像你小时候常玩的游戏。 
I know this isn't easy for you, Syd. 	我知道这让你很难接受。小希 
Up here on the rooftops,	在屋顶这里，
Snow. That leaves us with what, a third of the earth?	雪那边有雪是地球的三分之一?
My editor did say this would be a challenge.	我的编辑告诉我说，这次的采访一定很有挑战性。
Social data tags retrieve and format data to the application or user making the request.	社交标签可以检索到发出请求的应用程序或用户并将数据按一定格式传送过去。
You're going in the water. Stop. Stop. 	你踩到水里啦。停下。别闹。 
...old newspapers and dead flowers.	旧报纸和枯死的花
They found that the CEO gets fired 	两位作者发现当整个行业萧条时 
He'll tell you I can deny service to any jerk that I'd like to. 	他将告诉你我能随意对任何傻瓜拒绝服务。 
But I've been told I have issues. 	但我还是得依靠她办事。 
Numbers are always handy for identifying substitutes.	号码都是得心应手确定的代替品。
Are you okay? You okay? 	你还好么？还好么？ 
Where the body was? You moved her? 	原来的位置？你把她挪了？ 
But I'm not having sex. It's a kissing thing. 	但我还没做爱，只是接吻而已。 
You didn't go after him, go looking for him? 	你没有查这个人的去向？没有去找他？ 
What issues do you wanna talk about? There's the plan to cut the arts budget... 	你想知道什么议题？有计划删减艺术预算… 
Like to see some of the places of interest in town? No, keep driving. 	想看看镇上好玩儿地方吗？- 不了，继续开。 
Well, technically, I work for OPR. 	严格上说我归职规办管。 
Spent time in prison. 	在监狱待过。 
It sounds surreal, but they are the north's nouveaux riches.	这听起来虽然不现实，但他们确实就是朝鲜的爆发户。
Well, just make sure he doesn't throw you in the deep end right away. 	我是想他应该不会马上就把你扔到深水区去。 
Old man went postal on her whole family. 	她家老头把自己全家都给做了。 
Yeah, the police are following up on that at this very moment. 	是的，现在警察在跟进了。 
I guess we‘re gonna get married after all.	我想我们最终会结婚的。
Why do you guys keep asking me about Saturday? What, are you gonna rob me? 	你们为什么老是问我这个周六？怎么，想打劫？ 
Do you talk in your sleep?	你睡觉的时候会说梦话?
She might have mentioned something. 	她肯定是提到了某些事情。 
You're saying that I accidentally miswrote it?	你的意思是这是我不小心写错的？
America owes an unpayable debt to its soldiers, especially its anti-war soldiers in the iraq veterans against the war who do not back down to political gamesmanship from either political party.	美国欠下的债务无法偿还的士兵，特别是其反战士兵在伊拉克老兵反战谁不回落到政治小动作任何政党。
They're dead. All those kids are dead.	他们死了。所有孩子无一幸免。
And you never really talk about the good times. 	从没说过一件好事儿。 
I said, "are you crazy?" He says, "I'm ten years old”.	我说，“你疯了吗？”他然后说，“我已经十岁了”。
How I found the strength to get to the top of Everest. 	我究竟是怎样获得力量登上了珠峰。 
He knew it was time.	他知道是时机了。
He said that reflect the surrender of the pilots but not men's top package.	伤者反映称，投案自首的男子不是驾驶员而是顶包者。
Agent. - provocative.	探员。- 挑衅者。
Do you love me? What a question! 	你爱我吗？这还用问！ 
...his accustomed glass of whisky.	他惯喝的一杯威士忌
Ask around for a guy named flowers. 	去找一个叫" 小花" 的男人。 
I screamed at him and I begged him not to do it. 	我朝他大叫求他不要开枪。 
I can walk and chew gum at the same time. What is it?	我可以一心二用。到底怎么回事？
Tanaka shows his interest in the fleeting, instantaneous moments of our everyday lives, which are meticulously captured in his famous video installations.	田中功起对我们日常生活中短暂瞬间显示出了兴趣，在他的装置里也精心地体现了他的这种兴趣。
It's because I'm the best guitar player in the world.	因为我是世上最棒的吉他手。
If you told me to expect you, I... 	如果你们来之前知会我一声，我就... 
The animal world is infinite and 	动物界是无穷无尽的 
She's been here.	她来过这里。
Kid, I only got so much room up in this noggin...	孩子，我的脑袋只有这么大….
That was incredible! I didn't know you played.	刚才太神奇了！我不知道你会吹喇叭。
This is so fucked, Solomon! I don't deserve this! 	别这样乱来，所罗门！我什么都没做！ 
For right now, we've got the sad task	但现在我们得去
When the chief comes out of there, you may be speaking to dead people in person.	当头儿出来，你可能就得在监狱里跟死人说话了。
Maybe they split up. They're with 'em, all right. If they're still alive.	或许他们分道扬镖了。- 她们的确跟他们在一起。
Milady was blow - drying her hair for three - quarters of an hour. 	我老婆吹个头发吹了45分钟。 
I think I was her last date.	我应该是她最后一个约会对象。
We honeymooned in his time - share. 	我们分时度蜜月。 
Down sits mr brass's lawyer.	布拉斯先生的律师一屁股坐了下来。
Unless it lasts forever. 	就不需你的爱情。 
For all their differences, people on both sides of the argument agree that the new cps guidelines are better than the vacuum they filled, and that clearer thinking about end-of-life care is welcome.	尽管争论双方存在种种分歧，但都同意皇家检控署新出台的准则胜过什么都没有，并且都认为，对于临终治疗，应该有更明确的意见。
What's the location of the football? 40 miles northeast of here, in the desert.	手提箱的位置在哪里？离这里东北方40英哩的沙漠。
I got beat up by a cop, man! Do you have any idea what that feels like? 	我被个条子揍了一顿伙计！你想尝尝什么滋味吗？ 
Other torchbearers have pledged to donate the proceeds from the sale to charity.	还有一些火炬手保证将出售所得用于慈善事业。
It's your top six dancers, America. 	我们的六强选手。 
Good people do bad things. 	好人干坏事。 
I can see all obstacles as husband and wife -  	我能看到人生中有生以来第一次 - 
Go, Marsha. Go, Marsha. You're so fine. I'm gonna make you change your mind! 	上啊，玛莎，上啊，玛莎，你真美哦。我要让你改变想法！ 
He then organizes political development into a four-tier taxonomy: kin-ship-based bands and tribes were followed by the more complex arrangements of chiefdoms and states, in which authority was exerted on the basis of territory, not ancestry.	然后，他把政治发展处理为四个层次类型：建立在亲属关系基础之上的群体和部落，紧随其后的是更为复杂的领主序列和国家政权，其权威的施展建立在领土的基础之上，而非世系。
You do it again and you're out. 	你再这样你就搬出去。 
Then Anya dated Denise... 	安雅和丹尼斯约会过… 
That time can translate into income-not necessarily a full-time income, but enough to supplement your freelance earnings year-round.	这些时间能够转化成收入-不必是全职性的收入，但却可以是你其他主要收入的有效补充。
His lungs are filling fast.	他的肺在快速地积液。
We can also see rainbows while the sky is completely free of clouds if we stand near a sprying water fountain.	当天空万里无云时，如果我们站在一个喷水池的附近，我们也能看到虹。
And that hammer is coming down. It's real now.	我们将全力出击。现在是真正战争的开始。
And anything can mean something.	任何东西都意味着一些事。
I thought you had to be a pillar of the community to foster children.	我认为，为了培养好孩子你自己得成为社区的栋梁。
He is acting on a consultancy basis.	他是根据专家意见采取行动的。
U.s. embassy spokesman alberto rodriguez said two u.s. nationals were among the wounded, with minor injuries.	美国使馆发言人阿尔佩托罗德里格斯说，伤者中包括两名受了点轻伤的美国公民。
An army general is warning pulling some troops out of iraq by christmas will erase any recent gains us forces have made in iraq.	一名将军警告称，如果在圣诞节时从伊拉克撤出部分军力将会使得近期美军在伊所取得的一切成果化为泡影。
Not really. I knew of her.	称不上我听说过她。
Yeah, how's he doing? Great, great. 	嗯，他怎么样了？相当不错。 
Well, a bit in the mouth. 	只是用嘴巴。 
It's just Donna, I thought about you every day. 	唐娜，我每一天都在想你。 
That to walk the road of peace... 	在走向和平的道路上…。 
My notes! You'll need them!	我的笔记本！你会用上它们的！
But I'm not the guy you're looking for. 	不过，我不是你要找的那个人。 
Business never better using only pussycats and toast 	光有面包和猫肉生意是不可能好的 
don't worry, it's only a loan.	别担心，这只是贷款。
Come on. Do you think you're innocent? 	拜托，你觉得你们就很清白吗？ 
Because failure may not be inevitable.	因为局面未必就不能改善。
Divide your capital into 10 equal parts and never risk more than one-tenth of your capital on any one trade.	将投资资金分成十等份且使每笔生意业务危害不超过投资资金的十分之一。
Enter public-school education theorists who think otherwise.	进入公共教育理论家认为不然.
The three-year-old airline also hasn't conclusively proven its long-term business sustainability.	为期3岁的航空公司还没有最终证明其长期的商业可持续性。
I told her to claim selfdefense,	我劝她以自卫为名自首，
Take my anorak if you are algid.	如果你感到冷，穿上我的夹克吧。
You can’t go back there. Doctor, please. Back off.	你们不能进去。医生，拜托别插手。
No, Rome is a dangerous place.	不，罗马是个危险的地方。
She's here, hush. You'll see her. 	她在这里，别作声，你会看到她的。 
In a case like this, we start by digitizing.	既然事情已经如此，我们先把。
don't be that way. Come on in. 	别那样。进来。 
But I do believe the greater good requires it. 	但我相信为了大局着想，这是必须的。 
I never learned how to read. 	我从没能学会占卜。 
Sounds like it's coming from the pipes.	听上去是从管道中发出的声音。
The D.A.'s calling me. The prosecutor wants to talk to me about testifying against my daughter. 	地检办公室打电话给我。说想谈谈起诉我女儿的事。 
Will you please tell me what the fuck is going on!	你能告诉我这到底是怎么回事吗！
I dropped my handkerchief.	我的手帕掉了。
Let me give you another treatment, okay?	我再给你头发做些护理，好吗？
Area Attraction - Blue Mosque 	区域景点——蓝色清真寺 
And it was dead. 	它已经死了。 
Could you me a little louder maybe?	你叫我的时候能不能大声点？
In a garbage bag.	在垃圾袋里。
He's still my hero 	他仍然是我的英雄 
What is in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.	名字意味着什么？（得名正言顺吗？）玫瑰叫做其它名字时它还是照样芳香。
In this book, for the first time clausewitz put forward his assertion that war was another tool of politics.	在《战争论》中，克劳塞维茨第一次提出了“战争无非是政治通过另一种手段的继续”这一著名论断。
From where you now sit.	曾在这个位子上服务大众。
That done, repair to pompey's theatre.	办完了，立刻到邦贝戏院来。
You know, I'm really proud of you 	你知道吗，我为你骄傲 
Okay, but... What is - 	好吧，但是... 为什么- 
I'll get it to the lab. Okay. 	我拿去实验室化验。好。 
I hired him to do it. 	他是我雇的。 
Our children will live by our God. 	我们的孩子将和我们的神祗相伴。 
Why don't you tell me your joke? 	为什么不把你的笑话讲给我听？ 
For the last time, I am not...	我说最后一次，我没...
Just hold on! - what are you doing?	稍等一会！- 你怎么开车的？
Teachers are our groth, are our friends, teachers care for us, their ords and deeds, let us benefit for life, e pay for teachers efforts and seat, e should thanksgiving teachers.	教员是咱们发展的领路人,是咱们的伴侣,教员敬服咱们,上行下效,让咱们患上益终身,教员为咱们支付心思以及精力以及汗水,咱们应该感恩教员。
A synoptic analysis of heavy fog in winter in 2004.	2004年冬季一次大雾天气过程分析。
Sure, it's a date.	好的，这是约会哦。
If it's not human, I don't want it to leave this island.	不是人类，就别想离开！
What nocturnal proclivities entice a man with everything...... 	什么夜间癖好能让 一个拥有一切的人…… 
Okay, can I just say one thing here?	好吧，我能再说一件事吗？
What are you doing here, huard?	你在这里干什么？休厄德
Tried to get my head straight.	尝试理直我的思绪。
It is illustrated throughout with up-to-the-minute examples and case studies.	这表明始终与最新的例子和案例研究。
Julian started to nock on the door.	朱利安开始诺克在门上。
If he's not here, he's not here. Cortez. He's not here. 	如果他不在这里，郭菲力，他不在这里。 
Do you feel better about riding the subway to school since you made a fool of me and everyone? 	你让我和大家出丑然后自己坐地铁上学时感觉会变好吗？ 
That was a woman?	住那的是个女人？
Thus the irrepressible law by which the worse currency drives out the better, is never for an instant suspended.	这样，就有了一条无一刻暂停的不可抗拒的规律：坏的货币逐出了好的货币。
Because fortunately I'm still on vacation for another.. 10 minutes.	因为辛运的是，我仍然在休假还有... 10分钟。
He have a car? Yeah. 	他有车吗？有。 
You touch her again, I'll kill you. 	你再动她一根指头，我就宰了你。 
Are you comimg? 	你也要来？ 
I have my own spat -  Ula.	我有我自己的铲 -  子。
All of which chua's two daughters experienced.	这也正是蔡教授两个女儿所经历的。
Like my sister's life had a price tag on it. She was twelve years old, man. 	我妹妹的生命被大上了标签，她才12岁啊。 
Because you know that's what we want to hear,	因为你知道那是我们想听到的词，
Early explorers traded directly with the indians.	早期的探险者与印第安人直接进行交易。
We hosted kirghizstan's 6th chinese bridge contest of the college students from the world.	我院主办第六届吉尔吉斯汉语桥世界大学生中文比赛。
She's real sick. We're headed that way. 	她病得很重。我们正好要往那方向。 
she was fine a minute ago.	她刚刚还好好的。
Which meas that unfortunately	很不幸的那意味着
That's the last thing I'd expect you to do.	那是我最不期看你做的事情。
He wasn't there to stand by me 	他现在并不和我站在一起 
It's in her office. Exciting recital tonight, huh?	在她办公室，晚上的独奏，兴奋吗？
But it doesn't mean our lives just stop.	但生活不能因此停滞。
But attendees also said that the political divisions were visibly profound.	但是，与会者同时说深刻的政治分歧也是显而易见的。
I don't recall that day. Well, let me refresh your memory. 	我不记得了。好吧，我来帮你回忆一下。 
This compilation seems a never-ending task; I sometimes wonder if I'll live to see the frui.	这项编写工作看来遥遥无期，我有时会想我不知道能否少着看到我。
Evidence for the following charges have been presented to the circle	有关以下罪名的证据已向陪审团展示
Ensenada and puerto vallarta aren't bad places to sample.	恩塞纳达和巴亚尔塔不学坏样.
For all the things I've done, how many times you said I did it right? 	我做过的事，你什么时候说过对的？ 
Seems a shame just to dump it. 	把船丢掉真是可惜了。 
Seemed pure fantasy.	简直就是个神话。
You just spoke in German. 	你说德语了。 
Because there's more mosquitoes on this island than l ever seen before.	因为这个岛上的蚊子比我在其它任何地方看到的都要多。
I know, I'm the worst. I'm selfish and unsupportive. 	我知道，我最差劲了。我既自私又不可靠。 
You know, I sit at a computer 	我坐在电脑前面 
I don't know how many of those things I snapped. 	我都不知道这东西我扯断过多少根了。 
don't you, Benedict? Yes, mistress.	是吗？本尼迪克特？是的主人。
You, of all people, could change Uther's mind. 	只有你能让乌瑟回心转意。 
Still beating, though. 	不过，还在跳。 
Your daughter and her family are here.	你的女儿和家人来了。
Well, I'm not asking for your hand in marriage. 	呃，我也不是求你嫁给我。 
See, I've been snagging all her credit card bills 	我把她所有的信用卡都停了 
We played little League together, 	我们一起玩结组游戏， 
Where are we going? You'll see when we get there. 	我们去哪？儿？到了就知道了。 
I'm getting ready to roll out.	哎我们打算撤了。
I've always been a sucker for mysteries.	我向来对神秘的事情着迷。
A hidden basement.	秘密地下室。
And what's the point of being a rock star if you don't get to sleep around?	如果不到处乱搞当摇滚明星还有什么意义？
And I am very fond of him.	我很喜欢他。
But it deserved to go out with a bang. 	但值得这么热闹。 
You set up his date profile?	他的档案是你写的？
Would sir like one lump or two with his tea? 	先生的茶要加一块糖还是两块？ 
Mmm. That's delicious. 	嘿嘿。好吃。 
don't spill. Oh, my God.	别溢出来。噢，天呐。
My wife shrunk my shirt. 	我老婆把我的衬衣弄缩水了。 
I have a boyfriend! Stop! 	我有男朋友！住手！ 
I can't go in there. They're all going to hate me. 	我不能进去。他们都讨厌我。 
Is the only non-human primate that has oral sex?	是除人类外唯一有口交行为的灵长类动物？
You told me nobody was gonna get hurt! 	你说过不会有人受伤！ 
I look forward to seeing more of your work. 	我期待看到你更多作品。 
The layman who shirks his duty	任何人都想逃避他的税务
Not having him around, it really hasn't hit me yet. 	他不在身边，这对我的打击还不算太大。 
Article 69 the ministry of finance shall, when every fiscal year ending, compile master catalog of properties upon data provided by each competent authority and the national property administration etc., and sumit it to the executive yuan to be assembled into general final annual accounts of central government.	第69条（国有财产编目录之编具呈报）财政部应于每一会计年度终了时，就各主管机关及财政部国有财产局等所提供之数据，编具国有财产总目录，呈报行政院汇入中央政府年度总决算。
I don't know. Take it off.	我不知道。快点弄走。
People sit down and they don't know what it does, and they don't know how to accomplish what they want.	人们枯坐苦思，不知道这能用它们做些什么，并且不知道如何完成想做的事情。
Study. I should be out there fighting,	学习。我应该在外面战斗，
It's a virtual keyboard.	是键盘吧。
Three talented couples will be chosen...	我们将选出比赛的前三名...
500 yen each, everyone.	各位，每个人五百元。
How many cement mixers can there be in Boston ?	波士顿能有多少水泥搅拌车呢？
It is awfully easy to forget about the interaction and codependence of different data.	非常容易忘记不同数据间的相互作用和互相依存。
Yes - yes, I am.	对，——我是。
The bailout conditions for spain's banks would force any lender taking aid fully to write off its preferred shares and subordinated bonds, according to a draft memorandum of understanding seen by the financial times.	根据英国《金融时报》看到的一份谅解备忘录草案，对西班牙各银行的纾困条件，将迫使任何一家接受全面救助的银行注销其优先股和次级债券。
Oh, yeah, he betrayed us. 	噢，对，他背叛我们。 
Is equally charming and way more legal.	和马修老师一样迷人并且更加合法。
Please, I'll catch a cab! I'll be fine! I - I need the air! 	拜托，我会搭出租车。我没事！我- 我需要新鲜空气！ 
In other words. We are 30 feet high in this aircraft. 	换句话说。我们离海面有30英尺。 
And you're basing this on what? 	你这么判断根据是什么？ 
In the united states, the number of so-called product listing ads, or plas, has doubled from a year ago, whereas in the united kingdom, it has grown by 130%. "	在美国，所谓的产品列表广告（product listing ads,PLAs）的数量比一年前翻了一番；而在英国，此类广告的数量增长了130％。
Proceed to site immediately! Headquarter orders! 	总部发出指示！立即驶向海难现场 
Excessive celebration of this one event risks detracting attention from the magnitude and difficulty of the task that libyans face in building a new national order. It also risks accentuating the disappointment and disillusionment resulting from the difficulties encountered in that task.	对于这一事件的过度庆祝，可能会转移利比亚人对于他们建设国家新秩序所面临任务的艰巨性的关注，也可能强化这项任务带来的困难导致的失望和幻灭。
I've never done this before. It's not an exact science. 	我从没干过这事。这不是科学。 
Gluten - free waffles, sir.	无谷华夫饼主人。
She's having a little trouble thinking of a story 	她想不出有什么故事可以 
The closer we come to figuring out that delusion,	我们对于妄想理解的越清楚，
What happened to your date?	你的约会对象怎么了？
Doesn't want to press his luck anymore. 	他不想再靠运气了。 
Yeah, knocked up by one guy, engaged to another, sleeping around at 16,	一夜之间，被人搞大肚子，和另一个人订婚，一切始于16岁。
In the next 15 minutes, then it's out of my hands.	否则我管不了。
Letting go is to fear less and live more.	“放手”是更少的畏惧、更多的抱拥生命。
It's going to the great eye, along with everything else. 	我要把一切都交给伟大的邪眼。 
If he deserves a place at our table. 	他是否值得在我们这里有一席之地。 
If you can surprise an unarmed opponent on favorable ground, 	如果你能在有利的战场突袭不带武器的对手， 
Very well, I've been so bored these couple of days 	好得很，这两天正闷得慌 
I'll call them off for 10 minutes, and you'll have to move fast!	我想办法支开他们十分钟，你得尽快行动！
To debrief both of you. 	去做简报呢。 
I'm writing a book, you know? 	我在写书，知道吧？ 
Can I come over for an hour? 	我能过去一小时吗？ 
Because you are not 	因为你不是呀 
Well, how about this, then? 	嗯，那，这个证据怎么样？ 
Every girl in school wants to date you. 	学校哪个女孩子不想跟你约会。 
His anger gave him a bravery that he had never known. 	他的愤怒给了他前所未有的勇气。 
Okay, once was enough. 	好了，说一次就够了。 
You have to take me there. 	你得带我去那。 
I've done field work before, guys. Not like this. 	我也去过现场的伙计们。不是这种。 
Of course I think about him Tom.	我当然会想念他呀！汤姆。
I don't even want it mum! What do I do? 	我也不想这样妈妈！我该怎么办？ 
Now the curve in the slit suggests that the murderer held the knife in his right hand.	切口的弧线表明凶手是右手执刀。
You want to go after the queen bee herself?	你真的要去见他老婆？
Women are really stupid, one way or another.	女人很愚蠢，总有一方面。
Before my security shock explodes under your ass. 	在我的防御电击烧焦你们的屁股之前。 
Yanhuang ceramic art steps in the way of in mud to beyond mud, from beyond mud to deduct mud, whereafter to achieve humanity sublimation.	焱皇陶艺正经由感受泥性，超越泥性大步的走向演绎泥性，升化人性。
Close every exit out of Manattan. 	关闭曼哈顿的每一个出口。 
I am special for dealing with the terrorism.	我可是专门对付秘密的恐怖组织的。
Some japanese refiners are negotiating with top exporter saudi arabia to make up for any shortfall.	一些日本炼油商正与最大的石油出口国沙特阿拉伯商谈以弥补原油短缺。
As it is nine o'clock, and in the absence of your producer, I shall begin.	已经九点了，你们的制作人却还未现身，我先开始吧。
The scan shows internal bleeding, laceration of the liver. 	扫描显示他有内出血，肝脏撕裂。 
I need to talk to your parents anyway. 	我也得跟你的父母谈谈。 
Hair loss. The bad news is... 	掉头发。坏消息是... 
And in my case, success;	对我来说，是成功
Crop scientist jess lowenberg-deboer says this helps local farmers relate to them.	农科学家jess lowenberg-deboer表示，这能帮助当地相关的农民。
I think it's time to transfer you to a new class with a new teacher.	我觉得是时候把你转到有新老师的新班级了。
In fact, after dismantling the influence exercised by certain anonymous power circles, it will be the time so wished for by you-and by us!	事实是，在拆除这些影响的行为之后，通过某些匿名的势力圈，它将是被你们一直希冀的时刻，通过你们，也通过我们！
Everything we've said is in strict confidence.	我们说的所有事情会严格保密的。
When they died, were you the one that threw them out with the trash?	它们死了，就把它们和垃圾一起扔出去？
The news was a shattering blow to staff morale.	这消息对员工的士气是一个沉重的打击。
Go to bed, yeah. 	去床上睡，是的。 
That is a fantastic business question I thought to myself. What if today was your last workday?	我对我自己说这只是个假想的日常问题而已。但是如果今天真是最后一个工作日呢？
No. I want to talk to Joe about Maggie.	不。我想跟乔谈谈玛吉的事。
Faced with a sound thumping, mr kasich said only he would catch his breath and gather his thoughts.	面对这一记重击，卡锡克仅仅表示他会好好喘口气、整理好思绪的。
Similarly, in their study, ronay and von hippel showed that the skateboarders experienced elevated testosterone levels when performing in the presence of an attractive female, and this rise in testosterone also predicted their willingness to take risks.	同样地，容纳和万黑皮尔在他们的研究中表明在漂亮女性面前男性滑板者的肾上腺素会上升，而肾上腺素的上升也预示着他们会愿意冒险。
If a Virginia farmer is to be held in hock 	如果弗吉尼亚的农民把东西当给 
Because I am great at girl talk.	因为我最爱聊八卦了。
You're flipping out. It's good. All right. 	你慌了。这很好。好了。 
The chances of michael owen starting next season as a newcastle united player increased yesterday when alan shearer suggested that the england striker would remain on tyneside this summer.	昨天希勒认为欧文今年夏天将继续留在纽卡斯尔，他继续作为一名纽卡球员的机会也变大了。
Yeah. In other words, he's wanted for narcotics trafficking,	换句话说，他因为贩运毒品，
Didn't you see the signs? 	你没看见标牌吗？ 
Currently the homag group employs more than 4.500 people worldwide and manufactures machines in 6 countries.	目前，豪迈集团在全球共有4500名员工，在6个国家有其制造工厂。
One $25 Mobil Gas Station gift card. 	一张25美元 Mobil 加油站礼品卡 
God warns you? 	上帝告诉你？ 
But on the third day after, before the wounds were well, two of the sons of jacob, simeon and levi, dinah's brothers, took their swords and came into the town by surprise and put all the males to death.	到第三天，众人正在疼痛的时候，雅各的两个儿子，就是底拿的哥哥西缅和利未，各拿刀剑，趁着众人想不到的时候来到城中，把一切男丁都杀了，
Fine then you only half saved my ass. so I owe you half an ass saving. 	好吧，那么说你救了我的半条小命。也就是说我欠你半条小命。 
Never should ve introduced you to Ritsuko	我真不该把你介绍给律子
Every eyewit in the place has a case of spontaneous blindness. 	所有目击证人似乎都出现了自发性失明。 
Yeah? Follow your heart. 	好？听从你的心。 
It is a fragmentary wall that we attribute to the fourth style 	它是壁画的一部分我们把它归属于第四风格 
Try and understand, you just might reach him.	尽力理解，就能懂得病人。
I was just saying traffic is terrible today.	我刚才是说今天的交通太糟了。
I wondered why our Indian idol was sitting idle in America.	不明白为什么我们的印度偶像要在美国闲呆着。
So, what are you two sniffing around narcotics for? We need a little help.	所以，你们俩跑到缉毒科想打探什么？我们需要你帮个小忙。
If the recent quarter's pace continues, 2013 will become a landmark year for saying goodbye to america, tax-wise.	如果最近这个季度的趋势继续下去，2013年将成为人们因税务问题而告别美国的里程碑式的一年。
Passes to a premiere. Hmm? 	想去参加首映礼么。嗯？ 
Feeling sad because his dog had died; a sad movie; sad news; better by far that you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad-christina rossetti.	因狗死了而哀伤；伤感的电影；哀伤的消息；忘掉和微笑要比记住和悲伤美好得多克里斯蒂娜罗塞蒂。
Hey. Oh, yeah. I'm watching you too... 	嘿。对，嗯。我也有在看你... 
He says you're both making a big mistake.	他说你们两个都犯了一个大错误。
Oh, my God, bitch. This is our anthem. 	哦，天啊，贱人。这是我们的颂歌。 
You think it's an inside job. 	你认为是内贼。 
You really think I can be in that 2%?	你真以为我会是那2% ？
Take them out. And comb the building! 	把他们带走。搜索这里！ 
Sometimes it collects in the chest cavity rather than bleeding out. 	有时血就积在胸腔里了不会流到体外。 
When you Ding - a - Ling - a - Ling with me - he - he 	拜托，把铃铛还给我 
A woman whose body was discovered with you,	她的尸体被发现时你刚好在场
We have a map, sir. She's in Asia.	我们有眉目了，先生。她在亚洲。
By rewarding recurrent contributors, weibo encourages a high level of interactivity from high-profile regulars.	通过不断的奖励互动的参与者，微博在活跃用户中激起了相当高的参与度。
One hour per adult mineral springs 	每位成人一个小时的矿泉 
Not in this here world.	但不会在这里。
In guizhou, the mountains seem to block the exits. You are lucky if you can make it as far as the provincial capital, guiyang.	但在贵州，群山似乎阻挡了人们的走出去的步伐，能在省会贵阳找点事做就算很走运了。
Fight the temptation to essentially say, 'oh, okay, I'll keep doing your work for you.'	千万不要说，“哦，好吧，我会继续帮你分担。”
Got a name, a number?	名字，号码？
A lot of money? Really?	一大笔钱？是吗？
God damn it, we had him. 	他妈的，已经到手了。 
We wouldn't have found you being smuggled off the estate	我们就不会发现你被走私房地产
When you're building a company, norrod says, "you need a crayon drawing on a napkin."	诺罗德称，创建一家公司“只需要一支能够在餐巾纸上画画的蜡笔。”
He preapproved a loan for a mortgage. 	他核准了一笔按揭借款申请。 
And he knew Ford was better than general motors.	他知道福特比通用汽车更好。
Yes, idiot, and now we have a problem.	对，笨蛋，现在我们有麻烦了。
For your succession in Denmark?	立为丹麦的王位继承人了呀？
Why don't you join them?	不如你也离开吧？
As I grow old, your youth will seem to me eternal youth 	当我变老，而你对我来说将青春永驻 
Suffering in the face of... Of injustice. 	因为不公正而遭受的苦难。 
In my opinion, our constitutional can be conserved only by an intelligent electorates.	依我看，宪法权威只能由有才智的选民来维护。
The logic being, you don't suffer that much. 	原因是你不会受太多苦。 
If a pooled connection is available, it returns it to the caller instead of opening a new connection.	如果某个池连接可用，会将该连接返回给调用者，而不是打开新连接。
You `ve no way to run. 	看你们能逃得了。 
Just? It's the Pan-Galactic surfing championships. 	就为了？这是银河系冲浪锦标赛。 
What has been particularly important in uganda has been the combination of messages and approaches that have been used, including the widespread promotion and distribution of condoms.	在乌干达，尤其重要的是这些信息和办法的组合应用，包括广泛的宣传和派发安全套。
The doctor's on his way. But what's your problem? 	医生在路上了。你有什么问题？ 
No, he's like the kind of guy who would show up in a new place,	不对，他就像那种到了某个新地方，
He is more upset 	对于错过这次拼字大赛 
We struggled, he fell, the knife went in, and he died.	我们搏斗，他摔倒了，刀子刺中他，然后他就死了。
Russell jacoby is a professor of history at the university of california at los angeles.	罗素雅各比是加利福尼亚大学洛杉矶分校的历史教授。
I'm the opposite of a cop. 	我是警官的对立面。 
Papaya. This tropical fruit packs about twice the vitamin c of an orange.	木瓜这种热带水果的维生素c含量是橙子的两倍。
An autopsy also revealed that her spinal fluid had been removed.	尸检也发现她的脊髓液被抽干了。
Well, he's not our child! 	他不是我们的孩子！ 
I warned you brats! 	我可警告过你们的！ 
But he found me. Grabbed me by the collar.	但他找到了我。抓着我的领子。
I've got some things to get sorted!	我得去弄清楚点事！
Dr. Quick - he, uh, made special provision for me to be there. 	奎克医生给了我特许，同意我呆在那儿。 
I know. I wanted to -  	我知道。我想 -  
Why not a horse or a beetle or a bald eagle? 	为什么不是马甲虫或是秃鹰呢？ 
Its symptoms include alternate attacks of chills and fever, bitter and fullness at chest and flank, hypochondric discomfort and apt to retch, indigestion, bitter mouth and dry throat, dizziness, stringy pluse and so on.	其症候为寒热往来，胸胁苦满，心烦喜呕，默默不欲饮食，口苦咽干，目眩，脉弦等。
Would you give that to baby? Thank you. 	把这个给小宝贝，好吗？谢谢。 
Almost a quarter of the country's export earnings go to service a foreign debt of $29 billion.	该国几乎 1/4 的出口收入都用来支付 290 亿美元外债的利息了。
Oh, I see you have an alcoholic beverage there. 	你这是在喝酒精饮料啊。 
Uh, you can see it's pretty well totaled. 	啊，你能看出来完全报废了。 
I'm sorry, but I see no alternative.	我很抱歉，但我看到没有别的选择。
Well, we have to say something!	可是，我们得说点什么！
You didn't return my calls. Oh, I have been kind of busy. 	你没回我的电话 哦，我有点忙。 
I have never been snowboarding. 	我从来都没滑过雪。 
Hong kong fashionistas: you may have thought you'd seen the last of ugg boots last year-but they're coming to town again, this time bedazzled and fringed by luxury shoemaker jimmy choo.	香港时尚人士：你们可能会认为去年看到的ugg靴子已经谢幕，但今年它们却卷土重来，这次奢侈鞋履设计师周仰杰（jimmy choo）使它们更加眼花缭乱、且带有流苏装饰。
I'm gonna get the drugs. No one goes anywhere! 	我去拿药。全都给我不许动！ 
Rest of your days in a cage.	余生都要呆在一个小笼子里。
Leave the guy on the curb? He just lost his wife. 	把老人留在路边？他刚刚丧偶。 
It goes without saying that such expansionary measures should be financed by central banks and not by market borrowing that could push up interest rates in an unhelpful way.	显然，这类扩张性措施应由中央银行提供融资，而不应由市场提供融资，以免推高利率、帮了倒忙。
I found his toys. 	找到了他的玩具。 
Its venom made him grievously ill.	毒液令他病得很严重。
How could she not come? 	她怎会不来呢？ 
If only we had these... 	如果我们只有这些... 
He fell from the oxcart on this spot when he was passing by	当他经过这的时候从牛车上掉了下来。
I miss you too. I love you. 	我也想你。我爱你。 
Your mother and l and grandma and we all agree, we don't understand it. 	你妈，我和你奶奶，我们都不明白到底怎么了。 
Early diagnosis and treatment has greatly improved the prognosis of this aggressive neoplasm.	早期诊断和治疗可明显改善这种侵袭性肿瘤的预后。
Exp rate has been changed to3x from 6x.	经验值由6倍调整到3倍。
I mean, not in the face or anything. 	我是说不是长相或者其它什么方面。 
What are you Iaughing at? This is serious.	你在笑什么？这很严肃。
I'm not some kind of prisoner	我不是犯人
Right. The rest of you, the hole disappears at 12:00, right?	好的。你们其他人，洞在12点就会消失？
Can I speak to you? 	我可以和你聊几句吗？ 
Must mention the hotel they're staying at. - got it. 	就一定会提到他们下榻的酒店。- 明白了。 
I stopped by there on the way. They're all asking after you. 	我来这里的路上在那里停了一会儿。他们都问起你的情况。 
but I've got to be free 	但是我必须要自由
Can I talk to you for a minute? A minute. 	我能跟你聊一会儿吗？就一小会儿。 
No class today? 	今天没课吗？ 
Please, please drive faster!	开快点儿请你开快点儿！
You would look good on a very formal suit. 	如果朴理事穿上那种很有名的西装款式的话。 
Private show.	私人表演。
The pickings in the shallows can be very good 	在浅滩上觅食的收获颇丰 
You can't go in the desert like that. I can too.	你不可以那样去沙漠的。我可以。
Look into a windshield 30 feet away.	我可以透过30英尺外的挡风玻璃看清里面的一切。
I've set aside some practice time. 	我安排了一些练习时间。 
How does websites '"mass information" fulfill net uses' "super big bowl"	网站的“海量”如何倒满网民的“海碗”
He was fluent in Greek and Latin, as well as mathematics and biology,	精通希腊语和拉丁语，以及数学和生物学，
Why did you regard it as a trouble? 	为什么你认为这是个麻烦？ 
I have made some observations about the victims and sites. 	我观察了一下受害者和他们遇害的地点。 
That makes learning to read easy.	这使得学习阅读变得很容易。
Because you're going to be out of town with the Knicks.	因为你要跟尼克斯队一起出城。
So why did you give me your number?	为何把电话号码给我？
Battle los angeles official movie trailer preview hd 1080p commercial.	巴特尔洛杉矶官方电影预告片预览高清商业。
We lose our shot at taking out this whole operation. 	我们会因此失去打掉整个帮派的机会。 
I studied at NYU. 	我在纽约大学念书。 
All interested bidders should take a few moments to examine the documents. 	所有有兴趣的竞标者可以花点时间检查文献。 
OK, limped. And what else? 	好吧，除了是个跛子，还有什么别的吗？ 
All hands stand by for battle maneuvers. 	所有人准备战斗。 
If you get this simple truth, then, like kim, you have taken your first wobbly step.	如果你明白了这个简单的道理，那么，就像kim那样，你已经摇摇晃晃的迈出你的第一步了。
Pretty sure, when he was a prisoner in Iraq, 	他在伊拉克被俘时， 
My name is sanderson reed.	我的名字叫桑德森李德。
Where are the knives?	刀在哪儿？
Everybody. Let's just calm down.	各位。冷静一下。
Mr. President? You've spoken to them?	总统先生？你跟他们谈过了？
One of them is a modern western. 	其中一种是描绘近代西部 
The thai buddhist calendar works exactly like the gregorian calendar, except that the year and era are different.	除纪元年份不同外，泰国佛历与公历完全一样。
Stayed with different girls every night 	每天晚上我有小妞 
But she told me not to, said the police were coming. 	但是她跟我说不用了警察马上就到。 
Before five weeks! 	回华府了！ 
Perhaps I should send a messenger instead.	也许我该送个信儿。
All units, stand by. 198, what is your location?	各单位，待命。198号，汇报你的位置？
Er, penguin editions, new editions, yeah.	呃，企鹅出版社，新出的全套，对。
But are you sure that benedick loves beatrice so entirely?	但你确定班尼迪克如此深爱碧翠斯吗？
Trying to give the fans their money's worth. 	他想使观众值回票价。 
I only wish I could hand out more than just... 	但愿我能送出的，不只是... 
Before leaving campus, dissert your graduation thesis carefully!	毕业离校前，认真写毕业论文！
I've had great success by defecating 	我就有个好例子我以前对着纸袋拉了泡屎 
I want to thank misty and st. lukes for all their dedicated care of annabelle.	我要感谢薄雾和圣卢克斯为所有致力於照顾安娜贝勒。
And regaining control. 	从他手中夺回控制权。 
You have me 100%. 	我全心全意支持你们。 
She will tell you. This is a huge mistake.	她会告诉你的。真的搞错了。
Objective to investigate the clinical manifestation and histopathologic changes of the fungal necrotizing retinochoroiditis.	坏死性视网膜脉络膜炎的临床表现和组织病理学改变。
Because I Haven't heard the truth yet. 	因为你没跟我说实话。 
You see - Oh, well, um...	你看，恩...
Bugle. Chinese. Up on the ridge. 	军号，中国兵，在山岭上。 
You guys,I'll catch up with you all later,okay?	伙计们，等会再见，好吗？
I mean, for all we know, he isn't even alive.	我们都知道他已经不在了。
Why don't you get some sleep, okay?	好好睡一觉，好吗？
Yes. Go. You live! 	是，走。你要活！ 
Wladyslaw szpilman: that's not funny.	瓦拉迪斯劳斯皮尔曼：这不是开玩笑。
And then I think we should call	我觉得我们应该为她动手术
Despite mr obama's soothing words, it is hard to find common ground between those two positions.	尽管奥巴马先生有一番宽慰人心的言辞，但要找在这两种观点上找到共同点十分困难。
We were the freaks of the vampire world.	我们是吸血鬼世界的异类。
Hello, you guys are about to cut me open and rip out my gallbladder. 	喂，你们可是要给我开膛破肚取胆囊的。 
He's right. There's a reason the dead didn't come back to life	他说得对。所以行尸不会
It gives you a broad education. 	军队里什么都会教。 
But Oh, my - you really, really cheered me up. 	但是你.. 真的，真的让我开心了起来。 
I'm assuming you have a different memory	你应该有不同的说法吧
The first includes telekinesis, teleportation and invisibility, which mr kaku thinks may be fully realised within a century.	第一类包括心灵遥感、远距传物及隐身等，kaku认为这些可能在一个世纪内完全实现。
Amnesty international considers him a prisoner of conscience and seeks his release.	国际特赦组织认为他是一名良心犯，并寻求使他获释。
According to buddhism, sachets have the functions of exorcising evil spirits.	在佛家看来，它更有驱邪避祟的功能。
However, a slowdown in facebook's revenue growth and higher costs have left some on wall street wary, with the shares down from their peak of$ 46 in private market trading earlier this year.	然而，facebook收入增速的放缓、高成本以及其在私有市场的股票价格从新年伊始的高点46美元的下跌，这些给给华尔街带来了一丝忧虑。
Hey! Where are you going? Come here. 	嗨！你去哪儿？到这儿来！ 
Currently, masters applicants require an honours degree or postgraduate degree.	目前，硕士课程申请人需要一个荣誉学士学位或研究生学位。
But on some trading desks, the possibility of a default is starting to sink in.	但在一些交易席位，违约的可能性正在开始渗入。
I told you when we left the house that I needed to eat 	我们出来之前我就说了我要吃点东西 
Can you trace in - game chat?	你能追踪游戏内的对话吗？
Suddenly seemed like a curse. 	突然就像是一个咒语。 
Mind if I have a little water first? 	介意我先喝口水吗？ 
The world is waiting with breath that is bated.	全世界的人都屏息以待。
So any suggestion that what the researchers are seeing are not melanosomes is not going to be popular.	所以任何关于研究者们发现的并不是黑素体的暗示都是很难被公众接受的。
A spunky young woman once under a speII.	一个身受咒语的年轻的姑娘。
You give me everything.	你告诉我一切。
Or take a web course instead of vegging out to 'modern family'?	又或者学习网络课程，而不是悠闲地观看“摩登家庭”。
I'm the miserable parent of a miserable kid.	我同样也是一个可怜孩子的可怜家长。
Most notably a communication terminal... 	其中包括一个通讯终端... 
I don't know. I mean, I love her and all, 	我也不知道。我是，很爱她， 
An internal email published by the wall street journal said: "our costs are too high, we're operating in markets where we're not competitive and we're losing money."	华尔街日报发表的一封内部邮件提到：“我们的成本太高，并且在市场中我们的竞争力不强，因此我们正在赔本。”
The nun of the orphanage gave me the name Mandy Kwan 	关靖雯这名字是孤儿院的修女给我起的 
Baby, what's going on? 	宝贝，你到底怎么了？ 
Or in their lie.	或相信他们的谎言。
The only thing I think is gonna happen	唯一可能发生的
Okay. Um... Why are you guys all dressed up in clown suits?	好的。嗯……为什么你们要穿小丑的戏服？
It would be a waste to have milk	当你驾着它飞驰的时候
Every summer the mounds over the ancient settlement are uncovered and more gems from successive incomers are unearthed.	每年夏天都有古代聚居点遗址被发现，同时还有更多后续迁入者携带的宝石出土。
Yes, but you do. 	对，但你明白。 
If I don't, they're coming after me.	否则，他们的矛头就会指向我。
But you're too stupid to get it right now. 	但是你太笨了一点不明白。 
You were screaming at the fashion show!	你在时装表演上尖叫！
Well, if your kingdom's worth more to you than your daughter...	好吧，如果你的王国对你来说比你的女儿更重要。
The tenant decamped without even arranging.	房客在还没收拾好的情况下便逃走了。
Dr. soder also urged him to wave his hand slightly rather than nod his head in agreement when someone else speaks 'to show you got it,' mr. bernstein adds.	伯恩斯坦说，索德博士还鼓励他在同意其他人的观点时轻轻挥手而不是点头，“以表示你明白了”。
I'm on her side, not yours. 	我站在她的那一边，不是你的。 
The film appealed primarily to males, who made up 65% of the audience, and those under the age of 25, who made up 56% of the audience.	该片观众主要为男性（占65%）和25岁以下观众（占56%）。
cause daddy has to talk to mommy upstairs about somethin'.	因为爸爸要和妈妈到楼上说一会儿话。
I like the promotion, paycheck and the parking spot. 	我喜欢晋升，喜欢薪金和停机坪。 
Your test scores aren't anywhere near what they require.	你的分数跟他们要求的相差太远了。
From the castor sacs of the North American beaver 	带香味排泄物 
So what, did you guys move the body?	怎样，你们移动过尸体了？
You should give him a fair shake.	你应该对他待之以诚。
No? No. You should be asking yourself,	不是吗？不是，你应该问你自己，
Definitely planning to bring them here. 	她打算把孩子带来这儿的。 
Think of people who wave their hands around when the talk.	想想那些说话时手舞足蹈的人吧。
They've just gone off the deep end, and I don't think these people write very much code if they're coming up with these principles, to be honest, it doesn't even make sense.	那些人已经脱离原本的深邃目标，并且，如果他们，我不认为他们采用这些原理时也会写很多代码，坦白来说，这没有什么意义。
More than anything, he's going to want to see the images of the children.	更有可能，他会要求浏览孩子们的照片
I'm as sound as a bell, no thanks to you. Ridiculous old man. He's in his dotage. 	我和铃铛一样响亮，还是很感谢你的关心。无聊的老家伙。不中用了。 
Yes sir. -Immediately.	好的先生。—立刻马上。
You're pleased that 	你很高兴你最好的朋友 
The mandelbrot set has inspired some nerd-tastic creations, like fractal ties and even this cross-stitch found on flickr.	曼德尔勃特集合激发了一些书呆子式的灵感，比如分形领结以及flickr上的这个十字绣图案。
They are usually held prisoner on their own hijacked vessels, some of which are employed as mother-ships from which the pirates stage further raids.	他们通常被押在他们自己被劫持的船上，一些被劫持的船被海盗用作母船，海盗通过它进行进一步的袭击。
I mean, how do you know that Dylan	我的意思是，你怎么知道迪伦
An embedded reporter in Kandahar... - what happened?	一位潜伏的记者在坎大哈-出什么事了？
So I'm just gonna tell you straight to your face that 	所以我就当面说了 
When love and duty are one, love is within you.	当爱和责任合二为一时,爱就会和你前行。
Grandpa is very creative on cooking, grandma is very creative on sewing, and my little sisters are very creative on crying!	阿公在做饭上很有创造性，姥姥在缝衣服上很有创造性，小妹妹在哭上很有创造性。
is that me?	哎那不是我吗？
Kio doesn't expect chinese pressure	克钦独立组织不认为中国会向其施压
child I am so sorry about your sister.	孩子你妹妹的事我很遗憾。
Vintage report: this wine come from selected and hand picked grapes from our vineyards at colchagua valley.	年份报告：此款葡萄酒采用人工选种和采摘，而且全部来自酒园位于科尔查瓜山谷的葡萄园。
Rejoice, young man, in thy youth; 	年轻人，快乐吧； 
You know I just found out	你知道吗，我才现
Yeah, I do know that feeling.	对，我知道那种感觉。
I'm going to go buy some flowers.	我去买些花。
Animal is better. 	动物比这要好多了。 
Because in order to get it into every lung, 	因为不能让每个人都吸得到， 
Every time I see the two of you together, 	每次我看到你们两个在一起， 
No doubt he has a lot of things to sort out. 	他得缓好一阵子。 
I don't have subpoena power.	我又不是法院
Hi, Mr. Tanner. 	你好，唐纳先生。 
Hit on your fingerprint from the Palermo. 	帕雷摩的指纹验出来了。 
You raped her, didn't you, you fat weasel?	你强奸了她，是不是，你个肥猪？
For the Falklands. 	在福克兰群岛战争中。 
Just leave you number.	把号码留下。
And at 9:00 tomorrow morning,	明早九点，
Uh, I wouldn't take it down if I were you. 	如果我是你就不会把它拿下来。 
I see. I wouldn't -  	我知道。我不会 -  
You know, I don't think I helped you that much either.	我认为我也没有帮助你多少。
I have my own Ministry. I'm working with kids that's terrific. 	我有自己教区。和孩子们一起工作很好。 
So I go there with two or three of my boys just to see for myself. 	所以我跟我两三个兄弟一起去过那里。 
And we can fast - forward through the entire relationship. 	我们可以加快整个恋爱的步伐。 
The worse way to miss some is sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.	最坏的去思念一个人的方式就是明明就站在他们的右手边，你却知道你不能拥有他。
My wife was quite specific about where she purchased it. 	我夫人说就在这里买的，说得非常详细。 
They've approved it, so the merger should be finalised by Thursday.	他们批准了并购，应该周四就可以完成。
Work includes any material, equipment, construction, labor, or service necessary for the provision of the specification included in the contract documents. 	项目工程包括合同文件中规范所规定的任何材料、设备、施工、劳工、服务。 
I think I succumbed to peer pressure,	我想我是屈从于同行压力了，
Okay, I would love to see you two crazy kids get hitched in Holland more than anyone,	听着，我巴不得你们这对爱人在荷兰成家，
He had a secret he wanted to tell you, 	他有个秘密要告诉你， 
Played by chorus boys in very tight pants	合唱班的男孩要穿着紧身裤跟他们一同玩乐
Nothing promised, no regrets.	无需承诺不会后悔。
I am not fragile.	我并不脆弱。
The idea is that we got into this mess because voters wanted something for nothing, and weak-minded politicians catered to the electorate's foolishness.	他们的观点是，我们卷入这场混乱，是因为投票者想不劳而获，而弱智的政客则迎合了选民们的愚蠢。
Wait wait wait you were dating Derek too?	等等，等等，你也在和德里克拍拖？
You said you were looking for someone to do dramatic "crimitism," criticism.	你不是说过，那里需要一个“戏剧…员”“戏剧评论员”。
Put a score-sheet on the scorer's table, please.	请把记分本放在记录上。
Draft evasion and desertion are punishable under the law on military service and the turkish military penal code.	逃避兵役和遗弃而受到处罚的兵役法和土耳其军事刑法典法。
Okay, well, I need him in bed by 10:00 p.m.	好吧，是的，我要他晚上10点钟就得睡觉。
With his muscles of iron and mighty powers, achilles quickly killed hector.	阿基里斯用他钢铁般的肌肉和强有力的力量，很快就杀死了赫克托。
I'm Joe's brother. Also a director! 	我是乔的哥哥。也是个导演！ 
What if he can't decipher it? 	如果他不能解译怎么办？ 
Likewise, in portrait mode, there isn't much of a bezel to grip.	类似的，当你竖持设备的时候，又没有太多的边框供你抓牢握紧。
Seal the doors. - yes, sir. 	把门封上。- 是的。 
Considering dad never went to the dog tracks, 	想到老爸从来不赌狗， 
For as nerve - racking as this situation can be,	尤其登台对拼很紧张的，
People who know me well know my eloquence, but who would be able to speak this is just a short-term meal ticket!	认识我的人都知道我的口才不错，可是谁又人懂这只是一张短期的饭票！
He seems an honest worker. A man of good principles 	我觉得他很诚实是个上进的人。有好的品行 
cause I honestly don't know how to live without you.	因为我实在不知道没有你我该如何活下去。
Principles of Fashion Marketing And Branding 	时尚营销和品牌推广的原理 
I've been a nurse 35 years. Recertified?	我当护士都35年了。要重新资格认证？
I know you're a piece of shit. I don't like you getting in my face.   	我知道你是个人渣。别在这里跟我胡扯。 
Academically and physically, ulic excelled and became popular--much to the chagrin of his naysayers who doubted his sincerity.	在学术上与实际上，卓越的乌立克变得十分出名这让许多反对者质疑他的用意是否真诚。
Look, I am constantly getting notes from our network partners	听着，我们的网络合作伙伴
Did he say a hundred? - Yes.	他说100吗？是的。
Because, sweet friend, 	因为，亲爱的朋友， 
You know, it was a weird song to choose.	你知道吗，很奇怪你会选这首。
Those expressing this archetypal nature are warmongers.	那些表达此原型性质的人是好战分子。
Thank you, sir. I will make a note of that. 	多谢你，长官。我会谨记在心。 
Or perhaps they had a purpose in putting Bigfoot on our planet,	或者也许他们把大脚怪安排在地球上是有目的的，
Mindfulness leads to less worry.	专注可以减少焦虑。
Give me your other hand!	把另一只手给我!
I like these bubbles. Longish! 	我喜欢这些泡沫。龙吉启！ 
Working with this long - haired weirdo, shit! 	什么咚咚，要跟大马猴一组！ 
The city needs one more, defined as scoring below 101, to reach its goal of 245 blue sky days this year.	这个城市只需要再增加一天，空气污染指数低于101，就可以达到今年245个蓝天的指标。
The next two hours mean the world to these 10 people. 	接下来的两个小时对于这十名选手至关重要。 
There's only six of them. 	只有6个。 
Put her down or we're all going to want some.	当街就这么亲热想要羡慕死哥们。
But you'll be missing all the fun. 	但是家庭的乐趣你就都享受不到了啊 
Suppose we choose partners.	假设我们选出搭档。
I mustn't been out of my mind to get involved with you. 	我与你上床一定是疯了。 
I am grown up now. Quick! 	我是大人了。快来！ 
I think it's time you to learned to fight dragons. - I don't want to fight dragons.	我认为你该学习屠龙了。- 我不想屠龙。
To provide the top-grade product for you with the thoughtful service, is always our bounden duty.	为您提供一流的产品和周到的服务，始终是我们应尽的责任。
You do whatever you have to do, to get me out of here, 	你要竭尽全力，把我弄出去， 
Eva Rojas with the W. H. O. 	世界卫生组织的伊娃萝雅丝 
But you got me beat there. 	但你让我在那挨打。 
By acting like one and protecting it -	像个母亲般地保护它
I always tell him he'll get into big trouble one day. 	我早就跟他说过，上得山多终遇虎。 
You know, jealousy is a very powerful - 	你知道，嫉妒的威力 -  
How far is it to the hospital? - mom, how did she do that? 	医院还有多远？- 妈，她为什么会这样做？ 
Look at india's leading 100 firms by market value and you will not see any others like infosys-blue-chip, focused, diffusely owned, created in the past three decades and run on non-hereditary principles-bar a few financial firms.	看看印度市值最大的100家公司，除了几间金融公司外你找不到任何其它公司具有印孚瑟斯那样的特点－蓝筹，业务集中，股份分散，在过去三十年里创建，且不是以子承父业原则运作的。
What about yourself? Any episodes of psychosis?	你自己呢？有过精神疾病史？
To present to the judges I trust. 	好呈报给我信任的法官。 
Hi. He made it home without you. 	嗨。他回家来了。 
If it's for a good cause	全包在我身上
And she didn't show up, and that's not like her at all. 	但她没出现这根本不像她的作风。 
The farther apart your two observation points are, the more dramatic this shifting becomes.	两个观测点相距越远，这种跳跃就更明显。
Tell me, when did you first hear about my client's conduct?	告诉我，你第一次听到我当事人的这行为是什么时候？
How do you like my new body?	你瞧我这般造型如何？
You should've seen him when he was a teenager.	你真该看看他小时候。
Did you know that pigs can get an orgasm that lasts for 30 minutes?	你知道吗，猪的高潮可以持续30分钟？
Sometimes, when we're waiting for the fish to bite 	有时，当我们等着鱼上钩 
Box of condoms? Certainly, little boy.	一盒安全套？好的，小朋友。
I can't go along with this horseshit! 	我不能再继续胡说下去！ 
And we're really gonna miss him, too.	我们都会很想念他。
Listen, Crosby, you're pissed off	听着，克罗斯比
He argued that human evolution was characterized by a strule he called the "survival of the fittest," in which weaker races and societies must eventually be replaced by stronger, more advanced races and societies.	他以为类退化的特就是他所称作“适者生存”的，其间加倍弱的种族或社会最终必定要被加倍的，加倍进步前辈的所取代。
Her father was shot by someone trying to rob his small retail store.	她的父亲被企图抢劫他那间小零售店的人开枪打死了。
Um, when I'm not - you - that - you look, um, you look really -	在，我，不，你看起来，看起来，真
Try at all times to avoid breathing in the smoke.	时刻尽量避免吸入浓烟
Looking into the structure of risk management information systems.	深入探讨风险管理资讯系统的架构。
Open Monday to Friday from 06:30 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday from 08:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. 	星期一至星期五营业时间：早 6:30 到晚 10:00；星期六和星期天营业时间：早 8:00 到晚 10:00。 
But so help me... 	但拜托你一定要帮我... 
The - the baseball, the freedom, the rampant morbid obesity! 	我爱棒球，爱自由，我爱街上数不胜数的大胖子！ 
Which is borderline. It should be treated medically. 	必须。有所治疗。 
There are limits to what our ambitions can bring us--or our kids. "	“进取心能给我们（以及孩子们）的东西有限。”
I want to prove it 	我要证明它 
Messrs chattopadhyay and batra argue that emerging-market companies need to add three more ingredients to these basics.	chattopadhyay和batra证明，新兴市场公司需要在这两个基本优势上增加其他三个元素。
And it could melt metal. 	它能融化金属。 
Joanna heard him bump into the table and curse again.	乔安娜听见他撞到了桌子上，又骂骂咧咧的。
A verbalization that encourages you to attempt something.	用言辞促使你尝试某事。
Hey! You leave towel on floor in bathroom. 	嗨！你把毛巾丢在浴室地上了。 
It all makes one wish p. mandal had been transported from bangalore to the london hq and made chief executive instead of sir john bond.	这会让我们希望p？曼达尔可以从班加罗尔调到英国伦敦总部取代庞约翰爵士担任汇丰银行的首席执行官.
Virtus also recently reached out to manu ginobili, who played with bologna before joining the san antonio spurs in 2002.	比尔图斯近期也向马努吉诺比利伸出橄榄枝，马努吉诺比利在2002年加入圣安东尼奥马刺之前，是为博洛尼亚效力的。
An important battleground in the war against taliban insurgents and the narcotics industry, musa qala has changed hands several times, most recently in december 2007 when afghan and international forces retook the town from the taliban.	作为打击塔利班武装分子和毒品工业战争的重要战场，穆萨卡拉已多次易手，最近一次是在2007年12月，阿富汗和国际部队从塔利班手中再次夺回该城。
Pete, you got your own home?	彼得你没自己的家吗？
You think your husband might've left something worth looking for? 	你觉得你的丈夫有留下什么值得搜寻的东西吗？ 
We will reply the enquirer within 10 days of receipt of the enquiry.	我们在接获有关查询后，会于10天内作答。
For contributing the beautiful gift bags.	为我们带来如此精美的礼品袋。
Let - let's start over. Yeah.	我们重新来过。好。
She doesn't look very happy.	她看起来不怎么高兴。
Right now, I don't have a friend in this room.	但是现在，在这个屋子里没有一个人是我的朋友。
In two days' time, our film goes out in ninety - eight countries around the world. 	两天之内，我们的电影会在98个国家播出。 
Those sketches I saw in your room - 	我在你屋里看见的那些素描- 
In a sea of international opprobrium.	在国际羞辱的汪洋里。
I'm not sure I can 	但我不确认我能 
You can't take away this baby.	你不能把孩子带走。
Faster than her body can replace it. 	比她自身产生的速度更快。 
I hold you alone responsible for what happened, 	我要你对这件事负全责， 
Stuck in your urn with no one to love you.	困在瓶子里没人爱你。
Of course you were who wouldn't on a wonderful night like this	我当然知道这么美的夜晚谁都想出来走走
Here you will find a unique blend of food. 	这里有独特的食物。 
No. Fuck her.	不了，去她的。
Come on, you gotta wake up. Come on, please? 	天啊，醒醒啊。别这样，好吗？ 
Begin combat assessment.	开始战斗评估。
And I'd stay a man till the day I died. 	像个男人一样待在里面直到我死的那一天。 
It feels  like the whole world revolves around me somehow.	全世界似乎绕着我而转。
I thought they were calling you pasta nipples. 	我以为他们是叫你螺旋面奶头。 
Tailless amphibian found mostly in the woods of north america; it feeds on various small animals.	无尾两栖动物，通常在北美林地生活，捕食各种小动物。
Yeah, she just got to lax. I rerouted her to you.	是，她刚到洛杉矶机场。我让她去找你。
I am going to try and quit drinking. 	我要试著戒酒了。 
No! We have to trap it!	不！我们要关住它！
Elastomeric bearings have been demonstrated to result in reduced force transmission to substructure.	目前已证明合成橡胶支座可造成传递至下部结构的力的降低。
No. Dr. Watson is cute... And nice.	不会的。华生很可爱…也很善良。
But they do view this as a minor setback,	但他们的确将此视之小风小浪，
We're off the lake, Jim. Can we talk business now? 	我们离开这个湖了。能谈正事了吗？ 
So when its athletes came back from last year's olympic games with just one medal ( silver), the nation felt mortified.	所以当它的运动员仅从去年的奥运会带回一块奖牌（银牌）的时候，整个国家都感到了羞愧。
You're the only high quality person I know. 	我唯一认识高尚的人也就只有你了。 
Affect of the psychological intervention on parents in lower compliance with hyperbaric oxygen treatment in infants.	家长心理干预对婴幼儿高压氧治疗不依从的影响。
Sorry, we don't do blackmail. 	抱歉，勒索无效。 
Will you give me that honour?	你能给妈这样的光荣吗？
I don't need your money, Freddy. 	我不需要你的钱，弗雷德。 
Quito, Ecuador  	厄瓜多尔的基多 
But I have to admit that I like flying. I like those... 	但我得承认我喜欢坐飞机我喜欢那些…… 
You're telling me you don't feel that?	你真的感觉不到吗？
Leave her alone, you pain.	别烦她，讨厌鬼。
If they were going to kill us, they would have. 	如果它们要杀我们早就下手了。 
Give me your wrists. You've got to - look.	把手给我。你得听着。
Yeah, and answermore questions about Florida?	好的，继续回去回答有关佛罗里达的问题？
At the very least, I think Mr. Mayuya merits a sitdown.	我认为，玛宇雅先生对咱们来说还是很有价值的。
I think I'm okay, now. 	我觉得我现在没事了。 
Paris airport expected to be re-opened on the 10th morning.	巴黎的飞机场预计将在10日上午重新开放。
So we can discuss the agenda for next meeting.	我们讨论下下次会议的议程。
You know what I'm talking about? That's not? 	你知道我在说什么？对吧？ 
Why? - I know that it's a lot to ask of you, 	为什么？- 我知道这样要求你很过分， 
But I didn't want him.	可是现在我不想跟他在一起了。
As a referee I am almost sure	作为裁判我很确定
Will she be here soon? 	她很快就会来吗？ 
A good tool-box is a handy thing to have in the house.	家里有一个好的工具箱就方便多了。
Set up a decent ambush without all these people around. 	在镇外没人的地方布置好埋伏。 
Not long ago I would have felt good about that, but now, all I feel is shame.	不久前我会很高兴自己能这样，现在我只觉得羞愧。
Divulging national secrets or personal information.	泄露国家秘密或者个人信息的。
But in 2009, two-parent households worked 26% longer than those two and a half decades ago.	但是与25年前相比，2009年双亲家庭的工作时间延长了26%。
You shouldn't have to do it twice.	你犯不着两次出面。
I hope you got something on that blood. 	但愿你在那血上有所发现。 
A commentary on utopia, a chinese website that champions mr bo, said the walmart case had demonstrated chongqing's "resolute attitude" towards food safety and its determination that every violation should be punished severely.	在一家拥护薄先生的网站“乌有之乡”上，一篇评论欢呼，沃尔玛的案例已经证明重庆对食品安全的“鲜明态度”以及严惩违法犯罪的决心。
I can take a lot, 	我可以承受许多事， 
That I'm wearing to my father's funeral, and I'm asking you a favor.	我参加我父亲葬礼时，同一件西服我想让你帮帮我。
Predicts the future values for a time series.	预测一个时序的未来值。
Yeah. Why would I kill her?	是啊，为什么我要杀她？
Levels of two other hormones associated with pregnancy-chorionic somatomammotropin and pregnancy-associated glycoprotein-were also far lower than they should have been.	另外两种与妊娠相关的激素绒毛膜生长催乳素与妊娠相关糖蛋白的水平也远低于它们应有的水平。
Pack up a flower. I've got a team of specialists in metropolis to work on it. 	把你的花装好。我在大都会有一队科学家准备研究它。 
Obstructs his ambitions.	企图打消他从政的野心。
But they were absolutely literal interpretations of arcane fashions and unwearable.	但是，它们完全是在直白地阐释神秘时尚根本不能穿。
Besides, someone needs to be the poster boy.	但这里得有人去接受表扬。
Just because you're homeless doesn't mean you're carless. 	无家可归不代表没车。 
Biological and Food Sciences Project 	生物和食品科学项目 
I mean it's just for beauty	我的意思是为了漂亮
I didn't mean you should come. 	我没说要你来参加。 
She wandered around so happily carefree with her little bucket and spade, covering the bulbs with earth and calling out "night nigh" or "sleep tight", her little voice chattering constantly on.	她无忧无虑，欢快地满院子晃悠，带着她的小水桶和小铲子，一边给球茎植物盖上土，一边用她稚嫩的声音一遍又一遍叫唤着“天黑啦，快快睡吧”。
Their father asked them, "which way did he go?" And his sons showed him which road the man of god from judah had taken.	父亲问他们说，神人从哪条路去了呢？儿子们就告诉他。原来他们看见那从犹大来的神人所去的路。
You go down and leave this place to me.	你们下去，这里留给我。
They're giving her the cover. I don't know, bro. But, um, good luck with that.	她要上封面。我不清楚，哥们，但祝好运。
Fellas,we're about to have some company.	伙计们，有人来陪我们了。
Buddha is the last known ascension of an outer earth human group.	佛陀是地表人类群体中所知的最后一名提升。
please do not let the children thump away on it,	别让小朋友跑进来乱弹，
Someone from the chorus.	合唱队的人。
But you know what? Now I can honestly say, with love in my heart,	但是你知道吗？现在我可以饱含深情地告诉你，
So, that's what you think, that we're lost? 	所以，你认为我们迷路了吗？ 
I said, take it off.	我让你脱。
only course of action is to turn around and try to make Hawaii. 	唯一可以做的就是掉头试着回到夏威夷去。 
When this country turned its back on me...	当这个国家背叛我的时候...
We can help? In what way? 	我们可以帮忙的？怎么帮？ 
Come on, she's obviously screwing with us. 	拜托，看也知道她在唬我们。 
His girlfriend died in the fire 16 years ago. 	他女朋友在16年前那场大火中遇难了。 
We don't live in a world where you get to kill people.	我们这个世界不是你先去杀了人。
I just wanted to make sure you were comfortable.	我想来陪你怕你不自在。
And you do have something to offer Allegra that no other man does. 	你对艾莉桂跟别的男人不一样。 
You might want to take a year or two,	你可能还需要一两年时间，
That cann't even run a cash - for - clunkers program	一个连现金换旧车计划都不能运行的政府
Oh, like crouching tiger?	像 那种吗？
I identified them as plum blossom. 	我查到那些是梅花。 
Why did you get a divorce? 	为什么离婚？ 
Truly to know and despise self is the best and most perfect counsel.	认清自己，看轻自己才真是上上之策。
Why couldn't you just leave us alone? All we wanted was to love. 	你们为什么不能别骚扰我们？我们需要的仅仅是相爱。 
Tell him what? 	告知他什么？ 
I'm gonna make sure this company never uses your services again. 	我确保我们公司再也不会用你们公司的服务。 
I was just about to... - you're welcome. 	我正要…- 不用谢。 
You'd have to sort of start it up again, retrain again. 	你就必须重新建立这种联结重新培训。 
World war l plane? No, I'm in my shower.	一战的飞机上？不是，我正在洗澡。
This carline is fond of nosing about anecdotes of other families.	这位老太婆爱打听别人家的事。
What did you think of the personality you just saw on the screen? 	你觉得你刚刚在屏幕看到的那个名人怎么样？ 
He'll have a coronary. 	他一定会气得跳脚。 
The other is to say that we ought to bring it down to zero. 	另一方面是说我们应该把数字减少到0. 
I don't know if I'll ever be any good.	我不知道自己能否变得更优秀。
Just took a class.	我只是上了一课。
Gosnell referred to it as "snipping," prosecutors said.	戈斯内尔被称为是“剪断，”检察官说。
Maneuvering thrusters out; oxygen tanks losing pressure.	手动装置失灵; 氧气罐失去压力。
But we never, ever facilitate murder, professor. 	但我们从来、从来没有帮助谋杀教授 
But if you want my professional opinion,	但从我的行医经验来看，
The very fact that further regulations-such as those released early last month in shanghai that limit city households to one additional residential property-are needed seems to testify that officials had not done enough to combat the continual rise in real estate prices.	事实是需要进一步的政策例如上个月初上海出台限制城市家庭只能再买一套房产的政策，看起来像是去验证官员在限制房价持续上涨方面做的还不够。
Do you know what I had to do to get those?	你知道，我为了弄到那东西都做了什么？
For his son's visit. 	因为他儿子要过来。 
Like my user wants me to go after the MCP.	就象我的用户要求我追逐主控制程序。
I have never seen such dedication from anyone. 	我从来没看过一个人如此投入的。 
Someone's accessing the mainframe from outside.	有人在远程登录主机。
An experimental study of jizhu granules for counteracting stress gastric ulcer in rats.	及术颗粒对大鼠抗应激性胃溃疡的实验研究。
Numbers, unlike children, don't lie. 	数字不像孩子，会撒谎。 
A day care center, huh? 	是一家日托中心，对吧？ 
To choose, on his latest face in the crowd, the lucky and talented girl... 	去为他最新一期的“人海沉浮”选择一个幸运而有天赋的女孩…… 
What man was he talked with you yesterday night... 	昨天晚上在12点到1点之间... 
Yes, you should've come Earlier. 	是啊，你应该早点来。 
Your ship. Your son.	你的星舰和你的儿子。
But more illuminating are the emails in support of google wave.	但是有很多支持google wave的说明邮件。
All of those things are done by the nature - talent fairies. 	所有的这一些都是由自然才艺仙子来做的。 
Breezing through a hallway painted with pastoral images of mountains and birds she enters another world.	她快速走过画满田园风格的山鸟的走廊，来到了另外一个世界。
And this set came out of nowhere. You remember this, huh?	突然来了一组大浪。还记得吧？
You could stop breathing for what they pay you! 	你可以为了他们付给你的钱停止呼吸！ 
And responsible wildlife management,	但也很关心野生动物，
The bank did not have big exposures in the worst-hit areas "because we chose not to".	该行在受打击最严重的领域并没有太多风险敞口，“因为我们做出了这样的选择”。
But sustained economic progress requires faster, sustainable, and more inclusive development.	但持续的经济进步，需要更快的、可持续的、更包容性的发展。
You can't protect that lion. 	你们不能保护那只狮子。 
Iask you which college do you have?	我问你，哪所大学你留学过？
Act like we're not here.	假装我们不在这里。
This male figure of yours isn't real.	你的男性人格并不是真的。
I just bought my first house, and I can't wait to landscape.	我刚刚买了自己的第一所房子，等不及要做园艺设计了。
I almost choked on my croissant.	我差点被羊角面包噎住了。
Achieving out-of-norm results in any field requires taking out-of-norm actions.	在任何领域，收获非比寻常的成果均需要独具匠心的创新思维。
These numbers raise doubts about how far beijing's reform can go.	这些数字令人们质疑，中国劳教改革能走多远？
You don't need us!	你不需要我们！
They are in Sweden to commentate on the European Championships.	他们在瑞典对欧锦赛进行现场解说。
They feasted their eyes on the ancient structures in this city.	他们用赞美的眼光观赏了这座城市的古老建筑。
You've re-arranged it. - me? No way! 	你再好好想一下我？不用了！ 
He doesn't even have a knighthood,	他连骑士都不是，
And cook it.	再把它煮了。
Who just admitted, however tacitly, that she just slept with my husband.	尽管很隐晦，但你还是承认了，和我丈夫有奸情。
In films, either you have got a face, or you don't got a face. 	在电影里，你不是露脸就是不露脸。 
Identify resources and project supplies needed and notify the schlumberger local seed coordinator so that they can arrange for them or pay the school to buy the supplies needed.	确定资源和项目所需的装备，告知schlumberger的当地seed协调员以便他们进行安排或是为学校提供购买经费。
No. We won't come after me. I'm not rich.	不，他没有追我。我并不富有。
I admire your enthusiasm and far be it from me to stifle your flair, 	我了解你的热情更不想埋没你的才能， 
It must be tremendously interesting to be a schoolmaster.	在学校当老师很有趣吧。
And sort this out. 	把这件事搞清楚。 
don't be alarmed, Matthew. 	别慌，马修。 
It took us that long to settle on a new coffeemaker,	咱俩花了7周买了个咖啡壶，
But it's so kind of you to care for him so much. 	不过，谢谢你对他这么关心啊 
Oh, no, it was kitsch. I'll give you that. 	哦，不，是很俗啦。这点倒没错。 
I've been wrong before. 	我之前错了。 
Belonging to the taiwan araucaria plant of fir family, taiwania flousiana gaussen is the kind of plant under the first-grade state protection.	秃杉系杉科台湾杉属植物，是国家的一级保护植物。
In neither country did residential-property prices fall much from their 2007 peaks.	两国的住宅地产价格2007年升至顶峰后都降得不多。
She hasn't, like,	她没给你，看，
You would have called it invariance theory.	它变成了不变论。
I, um... They're, uh... They've been very instructive. 	我，嗯……他们……很有教育意义。 
Breakthrough. 	很大起色。 
I was thinking that maybe I should swing my arms a little bit more.	我想我应该摆动一下双手。
Obviously, the procedure didn't go as planned. 	很明显，测试没有像我们预想的。 
Decides to have him by his side, 	想讓他回到他的身邊， 
To explore the blood rheologic condition of patients withobstinate migraine and to seek for treatment strategies.	目的探讨顽固性偏头痛患者血流动力学状态及治疗。
Well, I could call on the phone. No. 	我可以打电话。不。 
Second, the development of a market economy must be based on a complete social security system, which is known as a principal social stabilizer.	其次，市场经济的发展离不开重要的稳定器，这就是社会保障体系的建立。
Give me the tapes. 	把录像带给我。 
Put up several years ago redly on balanus causing no pain, nor itch.	几年前龟头上出个红点不痛不痒。
Or stars or gas or dust that we couldn't see... 	恒星气体尘埃我们无法看到… 
To find original truth? 	去寻求真谛？ 
I've heard a lot about you too. don't worry, can't all be true. 	我也早听说你了。别担心，不会是真的。 
I have warm blood.	我的血液比较暖和。
We got to think of something, 'cause we're sitting ducks here. 	我们得想个办法，现在我们就是活靶子。 
ADA HANDSHOWER (ASSEMBLY) 	ADA手持式淋浴设备（组件） 
Have you eaten anything today? - plenty, thank you. 	今儿吃了没？-吃了不少，谢谢关心啊 
She crossed over, and now she's a shiny. 	她已经安息了，现在是个闪亮。 
Goddess of fire. 	神灵之火！ 
What did I say? That it would be like a little grave.	我说什么了？那应该就像一座小小的坟墓。
I'm so glad to share this opportunity with my wife.	我很高兴能和妻子一起分享这次机会。
Meanwhile, the police could make some illusion to the criminal suspect, anaesthetize the enemy, in order to win the battles.	同时，临战警察还可以创造条件，给犯罪嫌疑人造成错觉，隐蔽自己、麻痹敌人，暴露敌人，为临战服务。
You tell him in fucking hell, that's where 	你就告诉他，地点是地狱 
You mean, hers, personally? Yes!	你的意思是，她的，她自己的？对！
It's getting so late, honey? 	太晚了，亲爱的？ 
I have the devil's luck.	我有着恶魔的运气。
But the last months of his life.	但他生命中的最后几个月。
For two days, the snow prevented 	接下来的两天 
You don't have to do this. I can get you outof here. 	你们不必这样。我可以救你们出去。 
Common blue-gray shark of southwest pacific; sport and food fish.	太平洋西南部常见的蓝灰色鲨鱼；猎用或食用鱼。
She said the same thing.	她说了一模一样的话诶。
Thanks again for everything guys.	再次感谢你们所做的一切。
This is what I want to get at. 	我其实就是想说这个。 
Just tell me. Tell me what you want us to do.	告诉我。告诉我你想让我们做什么。
I've got a treat for us tomorrow, mom. 	妈妈，我俩明天有个绝妙的安排。 
But you want to be emotionally prepared. 	但你得先做好心理准备。 
Remember when you said? The society's initiations is the same, every year, right?	还记得你说的社团每年的纳新都是一样的,对吧？
You asked for a diagnosis, and she gave it.	你向她询问诊断意见，她也给了你了。
But longstreet believes that stuart is out joyriding.	但是朗斯特里特认为，斯图尔特已。
Not with me on board. 	我可不上船。 
Our Kingston hotel is very close to the Bay of Fundy, where the tides are the highest in the world and fresh seafood, including lobster, is plentiful. 	我们的金士顿酒店离Fundy海湾非常近，那里的海潮是世界上最高的，并有大量的新鲜海鲜，包括龙虾。 
Are we looking at the same picture? 	我们看的是同一张照片吗？ 
I work with your son. 	我与你儿子一起工作。 
I don't wanna do this anymore. 	我不想再呆下去了。 
I woke up in a cave. 	我在一个洞穴里醒来。 
Just listening to the ball game!	你们只是在听球赛？
He said I ruined his life, ruined his chances of ever getting back with his girl.	他说我毁了他的人生，毁了他找回他的女朋友的机会。
So, honey I 	所以，宝贝我 
Mr steinberg is at his best when describing the relationship between the royal family and bismarck.	斯坦伯格淋漓尽致地描绘了普鲁士皇室和俾斯麦的关系。
Uh, sounds familiar.	呃，听起来很对。
It worked then, it should work now. 	当时这个方法成功了这次也能行。 
See now, I think your mind's spinning Nick.	你在胡说些什么。
When you're dead, you're dead. That's all.	死了就是死了，如此而已。
The u.s. navy, eager to expand its own arctic capabilities, has already taken the technology for a successful 30-day spin through the arctic in a conventional, non-reinforced vessel.	急于扩充自身北极航行能力的美国海军已经运用这项技术引导一艘未加固船体的传统舰艇在北极成功航行了30天。
Oh, good, you found it! 	哦，你们找到了！ 
Come on, you've got a plane to catch. 	快去吧，你还得赶飞机。 
And our children are tied to this land. 	我们的孩子也一样。 
I'm quitting my job to pursue my dream. 	我要辞掉我的工作去追求我的梦想。 
kids, the secret to dating is very simple:	孩儿们，约会的秘诀其实很简单：
But overall, daily life for coyotes isn't so different from that of other chicagoans: most have a place in the burbs and young mouths to feed.	但总体而言，郊狼的生活是不是从其他芝加哥的不同：大多数人在burbs和青年以草为食的地方。
Everything she does is so perfectly composed. 	每件事她都做的非常沉稳。 
Of course it will matter. They'll let us in. 	当然有用。他们会让我们进去。 
It added, however, that any chinese attempt to invade with ground troops could likely still be repelled by the taiwanese army.	不过，该报告补充称，中国大陆用地面部队进攻台湾的任何企图，可能仍会被台湾陆军击退。
Because if the wrong person gets curious,	因为如果让敌人起了疑心，
I'm trying to put murderers behind bars.	我只是尽力把杀人犯关到监牢里。
I `m selling sour plum soup 	奴才在这儿卖酸梅汤 
So has she. 	所以她也是。 
If we'd have stayed, we'd have gone over the hour. 	如果我们留下来就超过时间了。 
I have search warrants out, so I'm waiting.	我发出了搜查令，所以我在等。
You shot me. Look! Look at that. 	你击中我了。瞧！好好瞧瞧！ 
You saved me tonight. I guess I owe you one. 	今晚你救了我。我欠你的。 
I feel like that when my Dick's in your mouth.	弟弟在你嘴里就是这种感觉。
Whoever beat him last night is the real racing God 	昨晚赢他的是真正的秋名山车神 
When the entities of other families that you have come to call "dark" took over this planet, they did a very good job of keeping light out.	当你们已经开始称呼“黑暗”其它家族的实体接管这颗行星时候，他们干了使得光退场的一件非常好的工作。
I like you more now than I did a couple of weeks ago. 	我比几周前要更喜欢你。 
Come on, it's our night off. 	拜托，我们好不容易休班。 
I made it for you. Try it. 	我给你做的。来尝尝。 
The manager can use the discard check-outs action to release the files.	经理可以使用放弃签出操作来释放这些文件。
He can't. He's... Not well.	现在不行。他身体... 不舒服。
I did what they told me to. No. 	我做了他们让我做的。不。 
I could use a study break. 	我可以用个假期。 
She had tits dripping with honey! 	她的乳头滴下蜜来！ 
He gave it to me at once	他马上答应了
Running from something or someone? 	什么人或事？ 
I'm gonna need a little back rub later.	待会给我揉揉背。
I feel like I forgot what it was like to have fun. 	我觉得我都忘了该怎么玩了。 
Shockingly, none of the nurses volunteered	可怕的是，没有一位护士
Treat her right, Jesse.	好好待她，杰西。
In the end, jonathan and david weep together and unwillingly go their separate ways.	最后，约拿单和大卫相拥而泣，离情依依分手道别。
I went over to her house to pick her up,	我去她家接她，
The technique would save elderly patients from having to undergo gruelling operations to replace joints that have worn away.	这项技术也将可以让老年患者从不得已的替换磨损关节的手术折磨中解脱出来。
Can be the most masculine.	会成为最男性化的一个。
And then I got the call at work from her counselor	后来她的导师打电话给我
They next, they couldn't speak.	结果立刻，就说不出话了。
Because they don't belong here in the first place. 	因为他们本来就不属于这里。 
Yet the relationship between education and international competitiveness is a subject rife with myth and misunderstanding.	但是教育和竞争力之间的关系一直神秘难解，还误解重重。
Not many people in our club, detective.	在我们的俱乐部里不是很多人，侦探。
This unity can stir lofty inspirations the equal of any passion in the past.	这种大一统所能激发出的灵感，不逊于我们曾有过的任何激情。
Now how you gonna hide a 900 - pound bear?	现在你要怎么藏住一只九百磅的熊？
Your sister - in - law with the diabetes. 	有糖尿病的小姨子。 
I have guidance which I tr y to use as best as I can. 	我尽量用最好的说法。 
Yeah, well, you were right and I was wrong. 	对，事实证明，你是对的我的确失误了。 
But to be truly, truly, truly, truly loved	但是被人真心真心真心地爱着
I know. She's looking for a fiancee. 	我知道。她正在找未婚夫。 
Mr. somers will begin a job in fixed-income index product sales at barclays capital in july.	萨默斯今年7月份将去巴克莱资本（barclays capital）上班，从事固定收益指数产品的销售工作。
Made from milk protein. 	从牛乳蛋白质中提取。 
The international system as constructed after the second world war would, it predicted, be "unrecognisable" by 2025, thanks to globalisation, the rise of emerging powers and "an historic transfer of relative wealth and economic power from west to east".	其中预计，在第二次世界大战后构建的国际体系，到2025年将变得“难以辨认”，原因包括全球化、新兴强国的崛起，以及“财富和经济实力相对地从西方到东方的历史性转移”。
Chef Michael Shaw of the Willow Creek 	柳溪的厨师 Michael Shaw 
I really wish you'd brought some cigarettes,	我真希望你给我带点烟，
Yeah, well, you're never in the mood, okay?	是，很好，你一直都没心情谈，不是吗？
I have friends coming over for brunch. 	我有朋友要过来一起吃早午餐。 
Foreign investment banks just weren't that into china, or at least its domestic stock market, back when china was negotiating admission to the world trade organization in the years before a deal was reached in 2001, says zili shao, chairman and chief executive of china for j. p. morgan.	据摩根大通中国区主席兼首席执行长邵子力介绍，在中国还在进行入世谈判的那几年（即2001年之前），外资投行并没有那么迫切地想进入中国，或者是中国的a股市场。
Guests will wake each morning to a delicious complimentary deluxe continental breakfast catered by Manhattan Bagels. 	酒店免费为客人提供美味可口的欧陆式早餐和曼哈顿百吉饼。 
As I said, I left. She was silent, she was waiting... 	当我说，我要离开的时候。她没有说话，她一直在等待… 
Hey, man, what's going on? I got a trip. 	嘿，伙计，怎么了？我有客人要载。 
What did he say? You had a lucky hunch.	他说了什么？你有个幸运驼背。
Okay, any word from the security guard? 	好，保安有没有说什么？ 
You set up a webcam to spy on our friend?! Get out of here	你装了摄像头偷窥我们的朋友？！滚出去
can't you just stick it on the turnpike and give it money for tolls? 	就不能把路费给它让它自己过来吗？ 
Claus, now I do want to hear your side of the story. 	克劳斯，现在我想听听你的故事。 
Uh, some might call it highly attentive.	换句说法其实是高度集中。
Freediving in its simplest terms...	简单的解释徒手潜水者……
You need to close this deal. 	你得完成这笔交易。 
Well, since we open tomorrow night,	好，自从我们明天就要开幕了，
So, yeah, the pressure's there.	当然是有压力。
You've gotten everything you wanted? 	你想要的都实现了？ 
So where's the family?	所以你的家里人呢？
Ruili people's procuratorate wanding procuratorial section.	瑞丽市人民检察院畹町检察室。
His students still remember, xie lianbin good at school work, graduating in the clinical year, he was elected class president for 4 classes.	他的同学至今还清楚记得，谢连斌在学校功课优秀，在临毕业那一年，他还当选为4班的班长。
If that's all it was. 	所有都只是关于。 
He lives for his job, he gets a lot of fun out it. 	他为他的工作而生，他从中得到乐趣。 
Did you yourself, on any of these occasions, do anything to Sylvia?	你自己在这种情况下对她做过什么吗？
I never heard you apologize to no one. 	我从来没听见你向别人道歉。 
What's old? 	变老？ 
I don't want to get my hopes up too high, but this sounds good to me. 	我不想期待太高，但我觉得这听起来不错。 
But was he right?	但他对吗？
At our hotel, we take the responsibility of making sure you have a great time! 	我们一定会让您拥有一段难忘的时光！ 
Welcome to the weird, interconnected world of online dating.	欢迎来到奇特的、互联互通的在线交友世界。
This article focuses on experts in chinese medicine and its system of medical diagnosis.	本文着重介绍专家系统及其在中医医疗诊断中的应用。
Sometimes I think we're not gonna make it. 	有时我觉得我们的关系都快破裂了。 
Maybe we can go there to find out.	或许我们去一次就会知道为什么。
I left work early to pick up the kids, 	我提前下班去接孩子， 
See you tomorrow morning. I'm sorry. I don't know what to say.	明天早晨见。对不起。我不知道该说什么。
Okay, I know it's last minute, but I have to leave town, 	我知道这很仓促，但我必须离城， 
I don't even care about the diamonds. 	我根本都不关心什么钻石。 
But listen, back to couch lock. 	不过，磕高了什么的。 
And it would lead to trouble.	可能会有点麻烦。
The education ministry has also said it will assess the safety of local schools and "severely punish" anyone found to have cut corners.	中国教育部也表示，将对当地学校的安全性进行评估，若发现偷工减料，必将“严惩”。
Many non-financial firms hold derivative positions far in excess of their hedging needs.	许多非金融公司所持有的衍生品数量远远超过其保值的需要。
Yeah. I'm giving a presentation at the conference on infectious diseases. 	是的。我正要在这次会议上做个关于传染病的报告呢。 
Things don't look much rosier in the "bring life into work" arena.	“把生活带进工作”这个层面上的情况看起来并不那么美妙。
OK. Follow me. 	好啊。跟我来。 
You didn't see him. He was like a deer in the headlights.	你当时没看到他那副惊慌失措的样子。
3 mile(s) from University of California, Santa Barbara 	距离加利福尼亚大学圣巴巴拉校区3英里 
Hey, could you hold - hey, hello. Hello.	你能停？嗨！嗨！
I was out hunting deer. Tried to save a guy's life. 	我在狩猎驯鹿，想救那人的命。 
I've autopsied a lot of dead kids. 	我给很多死去的孩子验过尸。 
What is it, Pierre? What's the matter?	怎么了，彼得？什么事？
You find yourself on the business end of a wedgie.	最后只能被现实一闷棍砸醒。
There is no microwave oven. 	却没有微波炉。 
Because of the candid nature of shooting animals...	因为拍摄动物要自然…
Well, it's not like business is my major. 	嗯，反正经济也不是我的专业。 
With micro lipo, there is no bruising. 	只有一个小孔，不会青肿。 
You don't take them. They give them to you, and you don't take them.	你不吃安定。医生给你开了，但你没吃。
Because you didn't possess the intent. 	因为你没有动机。 
The chinese-english bilingual teaching course of dendrology will establish an international bridge for students or even for other works like biodiversity researches, natural reserves, community development in the southwestern region of china.	树木学双语教学课程的设立，将逐步为学生今后参与云南、乃至我国西南地区生物多样性研究、自然保护、社区发展等方面工作架起一道国际化的桥梁。
Hey, how many games they won since we hung that state championship banner? 	嘿，我们拿到州际冠军锦旗后他们赢过多少场比赛？ 
The 9.0 magnitude earthquake, hundreds of aftershocks and ensuing tsunami were historic.	强达9.0级的地震、成百上千次余震以及由此引发的海啸都已经成为过去。
How was I? you were great. Really funny. 	我表现如何？哦。太棒了。很有趣啊 
Dthe main criteria for discussion here is one of practicality.	这里讨论的主要准则是实用性。
All the men in my family have peanut allergies.	我们家族的人都对花生过敏。
Dry cleaning, same day service is available 	干洗，当天服务 
The doctor's voice had come alive and his small eyes shone.	医生的嗓音恢复了活力，两只小眼睛也有了神采。
In addition, as another's good practice may be used to remedy our defect, the present regulations of teacher grievance in taiwan and the grievance systems in usa and japan will be further comparatively analyzed.	另外，他山之石可以攻错，再以我国现行教师申诉规定与美、日等二个国家之申诉制度进行比较分析。
She's up in her room, blogging about how much she hates her mother.	在房间里呢，正在发博客写她有多讨厌她妈。
Yeah, what, do they grow them on, like, farms over there or something? 	对他们是怎么养出来的难不成他们，那有这种农场？ 
On Baltimore P.D. 	我们一起破过好多凶杀案。 
As a gambler? Well....	对一个赌徒来说？
We got too close to the energy field.	我们太靠近能量场了。
But somebody killed my twin, dawg.	但是有人把我的兄弟杀了，老兄。
Paper samples from every regional manufacturer.	当地所有生产商的纸样。
I'll make an honest woman of you. 	我要让你成为最诚实的女人。 
Only when they come without shepherds. 	只有当没有牧羊人跟着的时候。 
Paris ( afp) homosexual men in europe are increasingly failing to adhere to safe sex, according to two new studies.	巴黎（法新社）根据两个最新调查，欧洲的同性恋男子越来越不坚持安全性行为。
Frankie's old supplier is a used car dealer?	弗兰克的供货商是个二手车经销商？
I'm picking up residual Cybertronian energy. 	我测到了有残留的塞伯坦能量痕迹。 
It connects us to the earth. 	它把我们与大地相连。 
Obviously, I disagree with this notion that somehow we did not forcefully object to russians going into georgia.	显然，我反对的是不知为何我们没有对俄罗斯入侵格鲁吉亚提出强烈抗议。
The driver of the car was killed in the crash but both passengers escaped unhurt.	事故中汽车司机丧生，但两名乘客幸未受伤。
She knows I won't, not if there's a chance I'd hit you. 	她知道我不会开枪，你可能会受伤的。 
Ignoring a summons back in '98...	以及你没有出席‘98年的传召…
We're saving our money. We've got a van out back.	我们是在拯救我们的钱。我们有一辆面包车出来了。
A couple of more minutes in a shaft won't kill you.	在竖井里多呆一会要不了你的命。
Then call your husband.	再打个电话给你丈夫。
They will not laugh when they feel the sting of a thousand Jewish swords. 	他们不会嘲笑我们当他们感觉到一千把犹太人的剑的时候。 
Mother, shall we go? 	好了，走吧？ 
You don't get it. They're bombing 'cause they're punks.	你不明白。他们四处涂鸦因为他们是混混。
By the concentration of the excess titrant.	由过量的滴定剂决定。
How the hell did you lose the church?! 	究竟是怎么搞砸的？！ 
She was right on, you know what I mean?	她棒极了，你知道我的意思吧？
But the ticks, the freaking out over everything -	但紧张反应对一切都大惊小怪
I've been lost without a reason	我无故迷失了自己
It's you! It's all of you!	是你们！是你们每一个人！ 
Mr zawahiri may still be hiding out in north waziristan, in the federally administered tribal areas ( fata) bordering afghanistan. The pushtun tribes there have provided fertile recruiting grounds for the groups that have coalesced into the pakistani taliban.	扎瓦赫里可能正藏身在与阿富汗接壤的北瓦齐里斯坦联邦直辖部落地区，当地的普什图部落为已经融入巴基斯坦塔利班的基地组织提供了大量的生力军。
So you can see 'em under a microscope. 	在显微镜下面就可以看得出来了。 
Slightly egg - headed brunette with an extremely cold heart is still here? 	有点书呆气冷酷心肠的棕发女子还在这儿吗？ 
Get this woman over here.	哇把这个女的叫来。
Ah, like such. 	啊，就像这样。 
Shut down power. Shut down power. Buttons, buttons. L `m guessing....	切断电源。切断电源。好多按钮哦。我用猜的……
Like I said, almost. 	就像我说的，仅仅是几乎而已。 
Small bonze looked a little while, turn pale with fright suddenly, abandon pail to be gone to time run.	小和尚看了一会，忽然大惊失色，扔下水桶就往回跑。
Would she remit to match with us? Not. Is she still in the favor	她会过来吗？现在不行，她还在忙
Give me a call if you remember. 	如果你记得给我一个电话。 
Based upon past experience, the uncollectible accounts expense is estimated at some percentage of net credit sales.	根据以往经验，坏账损失预估为赊销净值的一定百分比。
Alcoholism is a very complex problem that is rampant in our society and has many variables that need to be addressed simultaneously.	酒精中毒是一个十分复杂的问题,在社会上十分猖獗,并有很多变数,须同时解决。
Camparing study of building a well-off society on all-around way.	全面建设小康社会之比较研究。
Amenrican unemployment rate has soared to the peak in the recent 14 years in october, which further verified the largest economy system is going to recession.	美国10月份的失业率飙升到14年来的最高点，更加证明这个世界最大的经济体正走向衰退。
Ladies and gentlemen, this fight is three rounds	各位先生女士，这次比赛有三个回合
The last person you'd want to ask. 	你想要问的最后一个人。 
I just manage the properties. 	我只负责产业管理。 
Taking me in his arms and falling all over himself and always - 	把我捧在手上，然后俯下身来 - 
Well, you're going to have a long wait,	好吧，那你有得等了，
Which impede our leaving that track	以致我们误入歧途
Parking for the Physically Challenged, 24-hour, free 	24 小时免费为残疾人士泊车 
Then I know that you will close ranks...	我看到你们正在紧密地团结起来。
Feels kind of druggy, though, right? 	不过，看着像个瘾君子是吧？ 
Well, I know I was some sort of sexual icon to teenage boys back then. 	呃，我知道我当时算是少年们的性感偶像 
But when they try to kiss... 	但是在这个过程中。 
I think I agree with Nathan. thank you. 	我同意南森的话。谢谢。 
That's my $5 how about her? 	他已经把我的五十块拿走了那边那个女的如何？ 
Rooney was sent off in united's opening amsterdam tournament win over fc porto.	鲁尼在阿姆斯特丹杯友谊赛和波尔图的比赛中被罚下。
It's you. "What is that?	才知道这个吧" 那是什么意思？
Well, uh, we have to check the cord blood and count the cells 	呃，我们得先检查脐带血进行细胞计数 
That lives there.	住在那里。
But smedley and his compatriots were riding a wave of social change as much as they were creating one, and their experiment lasted only a few years.	但是smedley和他的同伴算得上掀起了一场社会变革之风同时他们的实践活动也持续了几年。
Long lectures really switch me off.	我觉得冗长的演讲很烦人。
Britain echoed america: 59% agreed that military action may be justified in such circumstances.	英国则与美国遥相呼应：59%的人认为在某些情况下可以维护正义。
One small piece of advice, though. Don't forget the shoes. 	不过，还有小小的忠告。别忽视鞋子。 
Just imagine your suite with three king beds, a balcony and micro-refrigerator. 	试想一下，您的套房内有三个特大号床、一个阳台和一个微型冰箱。 
Why upset?. Disgusting things. 	为什么呢？那些恶心的事。 
If he'll tell the police he was threatened too, we've got something. 	如果他告诉警察，他也受到威胁我们，就已经从他那里掏出点东西了。 
Can you forgive me, sugar puss?	你能原谅我吗，甜心儿？
Be a better liar than he is.	比他更会说谎。
If it's a day when I don't know if I'm gonna get to see you, I'm anxious... 	如果哪一天不知能否见到你时我会很紧张... 
She refused to say whom the prosecutors were investigating.	她拒绝透露检察官正在调查的对象。
In these circumstances, that is not a viable option.	在目前这种情况下，那套行不通。
I'm scared look at that 	我害怕了看那个 
Why am I being suspended?	但为什么要停我职？
It's just an observation. 	只是我个人看法。 
I tried as best as I could for her.	我有在尽量帮忙她了。
Thanks, Kong. I learned something from you. 	多谢，孔。我从你那学了很多。 
Good to see you circumstances aside, 	在这种情况下还是很高兴见到你， 
If these walls could talk, they'd say, "this guy's got to get a girlfriend". 	如果这些墙壁会讲话，它们会说 "这个小子该找个女友了”。 
Wrong or incomplete email address will cause delay or difficulty on this confirmation process.	填错或没有填完整都会导致确认延误或造成确认困难。
Unlike its roadster, which was adapted from a lotus design, the battery-powered model s is all new from the ground up and built by tesla in an old general motors plant.	Model S并没有沿用Roadster的莲花（Lotus）轿车平台，而是经过彻底重新设计，然后由特斯拉在通用汽车（General Motors）的一家旧工厂里生产。
You've seen him. You know how strong he is. 	你见过他。知道他多强壮。 
I've had occasional mild headaches all my life.	间或发作的轻微头疼困扰了我一辈子。
How do I look? Good?-The mask. You still got the mask.	我看来怎样？帅吗？-面具，你还戴着面具。
You have to understand. Our entire careers are in his hands.	你应该理解。我们的整个职业生涯都在他掌握中。
And save the money for the stadium.	为体育场节省开支。
The tablet is officially mainstream.	这款平板电脑俨然成为了主流产品。
It only lasts 9 minutes.	录像只有9分钟。
Because we are fighting for Bolivia's freedom.	因为我们是为玻利维亚的自由而战。
Because I have paid for a lot of things	因为我付过很多东西
Let's make some food. 	我们开始做饭。 
No, but a guy tried to stab me who came over asking questions about him.	不，但个人过来问他的事差点还刺死我。
The drag is I've only got 55 minutes to make it up to you. 	只不过，我只有55分钟的时间来补偿你。 
You got one minute you got	给你一分钟时间否则
I mean, like, for real, you know?	吵得，非常，凶，你明白不？
Yet here you are again.	同样你在这不是。
As soon as my girlfriend told me that she was pregnant, I vowed that my child would be brought up in a stable household with two loving, married parents.	当我女朋友跟我说她怀孕了的时候，我发誓一定要让我的孩子在一个父母亲相亲相爱的和睦家庭里长大。
I told you that everything was fine with me.	我说自己一切都没问题。
You let her on my bus?	你让她上车了？
I claim if you stare at that picture you can actually see 	如果你盯着图看的话那你一定会发现 
How much? Sixty - nine cents. 	多少钱？69分。 
He had his own reasons for avoiding the remarks of mrs. saddletree, whose shop-door opened at no great distance from that of the jail.	他有意避免萨德尔特里太太的闲话，而她的店门却离牢门不远。
Where does it lead to? I think there's exits on all decks... 	它都通往哪？我想每层甲板都有出口… 
It refers instead to a bundle of economic policies unveiled to an unsuspecting world on august 15th 1971.	这词是在说他在1971年8月15日毫无预警的对世界宣布了一套经济政策。
Well, we saw you come in. 	因为我们看着你们进来的。 
Uncovering the multiple layers of tsunami debris	在河堤上发现的
What do you call me? - okay, 	你叫我什么？- 行了， 
But they found them and took them far far away...	但他们发现了他们，还把他们带到了很远的地方...
Well, I could do it. 	我可以帮手。 
No, it's evidence, sergeant. 	不，这是证据警官。 
Ah... I might have an aspirin.	啊…我给你拿片阿司匹林。
Why am I in trouble? I haven't done anything wrong. 	为什么我有麻烦了？我又没做错什么。 
I want an update every five minutes with the movements	每过五分钟就向我汇报一下最新动态
don't think I've forgotten my oath to completely change my Iife, 	别以为我忘了我要彻底改变生活的誓言， 
Do we really have to do this? What? 	我们一定要这么做吗？什么？ 
And I'm so grateful to you for all you've done.	我很感激你对我的照顾。
Inevitably somebody dings it up. 	却无法避免被人发现。 
Told that many people only think in words, he laughed.	当有人告诉他许多人通过文字来思考时，爱因斯坦笑了。
We interview here at the home office. Chicago's got the opening.	我们在总部面试。芝加哥那边已经开始了。
Never mind! I’ve bought a lot of things	别煮！我买了好多东西拿不动
I've trained them all to believe that the laser ablater 	我在训练他们相信激光切割 
Whoever it is she's dressing up for. 	他才是她精心打扮的原因。 
Okay, explain to me exactly why are we doing this?	向我解释一下你为何要这样做？
We're in the middle of nowhere, David. 	我们前不着村后不着店，戴维 
Too many are still steeped in an old culture 	仍有太多东西根扎在古老的文明 
The two most common rigs are the bobber and crappie.	两个最常见的是钻机和浮子。
My name Kirk. Kirk. OK, Kirk. 	我叫科科科科，好吧，科科。 
Ms. rometty has said she doesn't plan any near-term changes to ibm's strategy, business model or its financial plan.	罗梅蒂说，短期内，她不计划对ibm的战略、商业模式或财务计划进行任何调整。
This non-smoking room is mobility accessible and comes with communication assistance to ensure that you are taken care of. 	这间无烟无障碍专用客房内设有通讯辅助设备，以保证您得到了照顾。 
You turn off the light, and you know, to do it. 	你关上灯然后你知道，就做那事。 
Would do with that kind of power. 	拥有了这种力量后果会何等可怕。 
It will probably clear up tomorrow.	明天可能天就晴了。
He'd have shuddered at the very thought 	他一定会担心 
Can you find something, anything sharp? I'm trying.	你能够找到什么，尖锐的东西吗？尝试中。
Four happy hours in a row is not okay. "	可连续四个小时的快乐时光就有问题了。”
And the good news is you don't have to have lunch by yourself anymore.	好消息是你再也不用独自吃午饭了。
Why? What is going on? Here. 	为什么？出什么事了？给。 
Not even of dying? 	即使快死了也不会？ 
You were tossing and turning so much. 	整晚翻来覆去的。 
We don't think of Holland as overpopulated,	我们觉得荷兰的人口并不多，
Just over there by the bar.	就在酒吧后面。
You gotta understand, for so long, 	你得明白这么长时间以来， 
You know the difference between a lawyer and an accountant?	你知道，律师和会计的区别吗？
Lots of protein for the brain and muscles,	富含大脑和肌肉所需蛋白质，
He had no trouble with anyone at work. 	他在工作上和任何人都没有冲突。 
Okay. Have you heard. 	好吧。你们听说过。 
Reflections on race: affirmative action policies influencing higher education in france and the united states	关于种族的思考：影响法国和美国高等教育的提携政策
But maybe, after 40 years 41. 	但是也许在四十年后四十一年。 
Though mr ozawa has repeatedly denied knowledge of any murky transactions, he was forced to resign from a high-ranking position in the dpj in june partly because the scandal was damaging the government's popularity.	尽管小泽一再否认对任何内幕交易知情，但是由于丑闻损害了政府声誉，他仍然被迫于6月份部分辞去了民主党高层的职位。
But you were newlyweds. Why'd you sleep in different rooms? 	但是你们新婚不久为什么分卧室睡呢？ 
Now in this situation,	现在你说的这种状况，
If it was obtained legally -  	如果是非法获得的 - 
That's what I hear, son. Are you going to see Jane after the game?	听说球探一定会来，儿子。你打完球是否要和珍妮见面？
He's not with us anymore, 	他不会再和我们一起了， 
Are you Denny Lin's father? 	是不是林致远的家长？ 
Bottom right corner?	右下角那里？
I was in Laughlin with my son. 	我在蓝陵和我孩子一起。 
He didn't even ask himself the question.	他甚至都没问过这个问题。
A beautiful butterfly from the south of the us, the great purple hairstreak is at the moment undergoing intensive personality disorder therapy because it doesn't actually have any purple on it.	这种美丽的蝴蝶来自美国南部，它正在接受人格障碍的强化治疗，因为它身上根本就没有紫色（其英文名中有purple）。
You are sorry. Get out. Lock the door. Call when you want to talk. 	你没诚意，出去锁上门，想谈再来电话。 
Request backup to 2212 Carlyle street. 	卡莱尔大街2212号请求支援。 
Glory in honesty and faithfulness; take mercenaries and profit-grabbing to be a disgrace.	以诚实守信为荣、以见利忘义为耻。
The sundarbans is unesco world heritage site in 1997.	1997年桑达斑被联合国教科文组织列为世界遗产。
I'm building a deck, but not... 	我是要造一个露台，但是… 
My father was traveling. 	我父亲当时在旅行。 
Take it. It's back at the house. 	带上他。就在房子后面。 
And we don't need that right now. 	我们并不需要这样的人。 
don't run. Are you crazy? I'm scurrying.	别跑啊。你疯了？我这是小步疾走。
You're the best boss ever, Mr. Burnett.	你真是最佳老板啊，伯内特先生。
Why do you think cuddy picked foreman over me?	你觉得卡迪为什么挑福满不挑我?
Not on the mix board, not on the mix board, here.	不是在这儿，不是在这儿。
Don't you ever think they're not in cahoots together, for the man that is heading the civil-rights filibuster is a man from georgia named richard russell.	难道你曾经不认为他们不是一起共谋吗，为了人类，标志民事权利暴兵是一个来自乔治亚叫查理德拉塞尔的人。
Wawelska changes into Armi Ludowej Avenue and then into Stanow Zjednoczonych Avenue. 	从Wawelska进入Armi Ludowej大街，然后进入Stanow Zjednoczonych大街。 
I tried to warn everyone. OK.	我试着警告每个人好的。
What? - I don't want to leave. 	什么？- 走？我不想走。 
So most of these had more than one, and in fact most cities, 	所以大部分的城市，都不只一个公共浴场 
Lots of things. Did he ever hit your mother? 	很多事情。他有打过你妈妈没有？ 
And a stalk tapering downwards called the medulla oblongata	以及一向下的尖端细的茎也就是我们说的延髓
Steam room, Finnish sauna 	蒸汽房、芬兰桑拿 
Arriving shortly to take you to a safe house 	把你带到一个安全的地方 
4 Truly, truly, I say to you, unless the grain of wheat falls into the ground and dies, it abides alone; but if it dies, it bears much fruit.	4我实实在在地告诉你们，一粒麦子不落在地里死了，仍旧是一粒；若是死了，就结出许多子粒来。
I wanted to know why she did what she did.	我想听听她那样做的原因是什么。
How long have they been at it? About an hour.	他们打多久了？差不多一小时。
How is the nightlife in weihai, mr. liu?	刘先生，威海的夜生活怎么样？
We, get called in to assist the police when they have...	我们帮助警方处理敏感棘手事件...
Hey. Same table I always take if you don't mind. 	你好。那个我一直都坐的位子帮我看下。 
How about you, buddy? - Mr. Brooks, why did you decide to skip film school? 	你好吗，老兄？-布鲁克斯先生， 你为什么决定从电影学校辍学？ 
I can't hear you sing 	我听不见你们的声音 
He will get better too! 	他也会好起来的！ 
Could we continue later? Sure. 	我们等会接着谈？当然。 
So the only plea you've got left is jury nullification. 	所以你们唯一拥有的托辞也会被陪审团推翻。 
Does Loki need any particular kind of power source? 	洛基是否需要某种特别的动力源？ 
Because if you even try to leave, I will be arresting you	因为如果你想离开，我会逮捕你
Because we found this in your bedroom.	因为我们在你的卧室里发现了这个。
I wrote this song just for you. 	我为你写了这首歌。 
Girl power! Strawberry martinis!	女生权利！草莓马提尼！
From now on your name will be monachem tamali.	你的名字从现在起将是蒙那凯姆塔马里。
Good afternoon. I hear we're having 	下午好。我听说出现了 
Boys could be so irrational sometimes.	男孩有时会如此不合理。
Thanks for getting here so quick. 	感谢这么快就赶来。 
Yeah, cos we don't need males. Isn't that right?	对，我们压根不需要男人。不是么？
It means she wasn't afraid of him. 	所以她并不怕他。 
don't flirt with me and ask me to make this easier for you.	别给我插科打诨好让自己好过点。
Oh, um, that -	呃，刚才，是-
Light can do the same.	光也可以产生压力。
Kandahar province, afghanistan: a helicopter rescue mission en route to a military hospital to treat an afghan boy who stepped on an improvised bomb photograph: brennan linsley/ ap	阿富汗坎大哈：直升飞机救援队为救一名误踩临时炸弹的阿富汗男童在赶往军队医院的路上（美联社brennan linsley）。
This southern city in china's guangzhou province has drawn hundreds of thousands of immigrants from across africa in the last decade: from burkina faso and somalia, ivory coast and ghana, tanzania and angola.	在过去的几十年中，这个中国广州南部的小城吸引了横跨非洲大陆的成千上万的移民：从伯基纳法索、索马里、科特迪瓦、加纳、坦桑尼亚一直到安哥拉。
He's at a photo shoot right now getting his highlights redone. 	他在拍照做最后的高光调整。 
The areas known as netherlands, belgium, luxemburg, switzerland, france, spain, portugal, the island of corsica, and eventually italy and the islands of sardinia and sicily shall be unified as a demilitarized, federated% 26quot; united states of europe.	该地区被称为荷兰，比利时，卢森堡，瑞士，法国，西班牙，葡萄牙，科西嘉岛，最终意大利和岛屿撒丁岛和西西里岛应统一作为一个非军事化，联邦“欧洲合众国”
News corp's legalistic attempt to separate the hacking allegations and the merger process was always a non-starter.	新闻集团严格从法律角度出发、试图斩断窃听指控与并购程序之联系的努力，绝对不会得逞。
If he was involved, why stick around? 	如果是他做的，为何还在现场逗留？ 
Since I've been here 	从我到这里起吗 
Washington bus terminal, and the Staten island ferry. 	华盛顿巴士终点站，斯塔顿岛轮渡的票。 
your head'll collapse 	你的脑袋虚脱了，
You know, my family, we'd go away on Thanksgiving, we'd come back on Sunday and the whole tree was done - 	你知道，在我家，我们感恩节时候出去，星期天回来的时候树已经布置好了 - 
You're lucky you got me - 	所幸的是你选了我- 
And we played in your crappy, old gym. We ran two - a - days until we puked.	我们在你那个破旧的球场训练。我们跑了两天直到跑到呕吐。
But were never able to see victories 	但是却没有看到胜利的战友 
Oh, no, this is horrible! Alakay has failed the test!	哦，不，太糟糕了！阿拉基没有通过测试！
As if you'd read the cliff notes themselves.	就象是你看了他们自己的笔记。
I get anxious if I don't see her.	看不见她我会焦虑。
Yeah, it's him. It's tippin. 	是的，就是他。他就是迪平。 
There is plenty of evidence to suggest that early humans were at least in part responsible for driving the woolly megafauna to extinction ( the other culprit being natural climate change).	有大量证据表明早期人类至少为毛茸茸的巨型生物的灭绝负有部分责任（其余归咎于气候变化）。
But he proved himself on the consumer-business side by handling the release of apple's latest mac operating system software that went on sale this summer.	但通过负责推出今夏上市销售的苹果最新mac操作系统软件，费代里吉证明了自己在消费软件业务上的实力。
Two 32-inch LCD HDTVs, alarm clock radio, high-speed Internet, coffee maker, iron/board and mini-refrigerator. 	提供两台32英寸高清液晶电视、收音机闹钟、高速互联网、咖啡机、熨斗/熨衣板和小冰箱。 
And that is where the biggest question-mark arises.	而这也正是最大的问题所在。
But in front of the petson you like, winter is just a beautiful winter.	然而面对喜欢的人，冬天只是美丽的冬天。
January 31 is naurus independence day.	一月一日是诺鲁的独立日。
Somebody been working roots on you.	有人对你施巫术喔。
No. We have a warrant.	不。我们有许可。
You don't know that's me. We do. 	你们不知道那是我。我们知道。 
Your father knew too much.	你父亲知道太多的内情。
All men, all same 5 - mile stretch of road. 	所有人都是在同一段5英里的路上出事的。 
And latinos now like ms whitman less.	现在拉丁裔更不喜欢怀特曼女士了。
All right, you're gonna yell at me, 	你马上要吼我了， 
Why should I trust you to be silent after I've given you the money? 	凭什么让我相信你收到钱后就会闭嘴？ 
The stairwell. 	在楼梯井。 
I want this train stopped, now! 	我要停下火车，现在立即停下！ 
You pop up every time a girl speaks to you. 	每当有女孩跟你说话你都会站起来。 
just keep it shut, your room's not going anywhere.	把你关在家里，也是无济于事的。
To get this undone. 	我也要撤消婚姻。 
She'll look just like a princess in it.	戴了看着会像个公主。
Canada last made a major intervention move in 1998.	加拿大上次大规模干预汇市是在1998年。
it does but? 	是这样，可是？ 
Is this how you repay me? 	你就这么回报我吗？ 
What did he say? What do you think? 	他怎么说？你想他会怎么说？ 
We got enough money to go find dad.	我们才有钱去找爸爸。
I hate getting parental advice from my children.	我可不想听我儿子的教训。
It is a reflection of - 	它能从侧面反映- 
What, is your brain out making deliveries?	怎么了？魂飞到哪里去了？
I thought we could help each other. 	我以为我们可以互相帮助。 
So all this trillion - dollar hardware is really at the mercy	因此全部这兆亿美元的硬件来支配
You told her to leave, but didn't tell me, so I'm still working.	你们叫她走人，没叫我走，所以我还在这里。
Did you notice how nice 	你刚刚看到 
He just blamed the victim.It just became possible.	他责怪了受害者，现在不能也必须能了。
I wound up getting left at the altar.	最后在婚礼上被人抛弃。
don't! don't you want to see Sonny?	别走，仔仔就回来，你不想看看他吗？
Revolutionary millet wine	合作的新产品小米酒
Yeah, tonight we're not the plumber and a masseur and a guy that makes pizzas.	是啊，今晚我们不是水管工不是按摩师也不是披萨奴。
She obviously wasn't in proximity to the object	可能她遭受辐射影响的时间还不够长
The gui is accelerated through opengl, and there are transitions between each playback mode.	图形界面是经过opengl加速的，可以在不同的播放模式中过渡。
The firm has a vast library of patents - 	我们公司有一个巨大的专利权库 - 
Machining the levorotatory cylindrical gears by using a right-hand hob.	左旋滚刀加工右旋圆柱齿轮。
This ain't right, man. 	别这么绝嘛，伙计。 
Be my girlfriend for a while. Come in the game, watch me play.	暂时做我的女友。跟我进去看我玩。
Hold your head up, your nose looks better. 	抬起头来，你的鼻子看起来真漂亮。 
Grendel, what have you done? 	哥伦德，你做了什么？ 
don't say where you are. 	别告诉他们你在哪。 
I arranged them in the sandbox behind our house, and I killed them.	我把他们排列在屋后的沙盘里，然后杀光他们。
Put me in different accommodation, where the king can always find me. 	我和你住在不同的地方，而国王可以随时找到我。 
Hi, sweetheart. Oh, hi. 	嗨，甜心。哦，嗨。 
And I left early, so... 	所以很早就出门了… 
Excellent. You found my missing photo voltaic capacitor. 	太好了。你找到了我弄丢的光电电容。 
I'm more worried about what the judges are going to think 	我担心的是评委们会不会对 
In spite of that our mother warms us, 	竟管那个我们的母亲温暖我们， 
Detective, do you have any idea how someone could have slipped through the bars on her windows 	探员，你知不知道怎么会有人绕过了上锁的门窗 
Three shooters, right? - two. Read the report. 	三个射手。对么？- 两个报告上有。 
I thought you hated that place? Anyplace but here 	我以为你讨厌那里？任何地方除了这里 
The young writer learned a great deal from the works by masters in literature.	这位青年作家从文学巨匠地作品中学到啦很多工具。
You can do anything for 5 minutes-it should seem ridiculously easy, but that's the point.	你可以做5分钟任何事这看起来简单至极，但却是关键的一步。
Lost in contemplation? 	又在沉思呢？ 
Come away from him, nephew. 	别管他，侄子。 
This message culminates in the final vision of the temple in the new jerusalem and the restoration of israel.	此消息处处表现出了在新耶路撒冷和以色列恢复寺庙最终目标。
I am way too unstable for that bullshit.	我再也听不下去他的这些废话了！
Okay, let's go. Come on, let's get it.	好的，我们上。来吧，我们能做到。
Want to wait till you hear the rest.	把剩下的听完再说吧。
Me? She said you went there. 	我？她说你去过。 
I mean, it's a lose - lose proposition that's gonna follow you around for the rest of your career.	我的意思是这都将会是个双输的局面在你今后的职业生涯中萦绕不去。
The ideal hotel to stay for your business trip to langen or frankfurt or for an overnight stay waiting for your flight.	理想的住宿酒店为您的企业去根或法兰克福或过夜等待您的飞行。
That like most beautiful things,	一如大多数美丽的事物，
Someone came to lian residence to kill and arson.	有人在连家庄杀人、放火。
A machine that spies on you	一台机器，每时每刻监视你
I firmly believe that we can ensure the security of the united states and our allies, maintain a strong deterrent against any threat, and still pursue further reductions in our nuclear arsenal.	我坚信，我们能够在进一步削减我们的核武库的同时，保障美国和我们盟国的安全，并对任何类型的威胁保持强有力的遏制能力。
To a federal prison. 	去了一间联邦监狱。 
The lazio coach is convinced that the biancocelesti can start a winning cycle with all the important young players available.	拉齐奥主教练罗西确信在所有重要的年轻球员能够有效得到使用的情况下，蓝鹰可以开始一个胜利的时代。
Something about ailerons. That can't be. 	好像副翼还是什么的。怎么可能。 
I got second floor greasy windows.	我看到2楼的窗户。
Then George, as he held the DOM Perignon...	当乔治亚举起香槟...
She knew all the fucking stupid things I'd done.	她知道我做得一切傻事。
He likes working these collegiate accounts 	他喜欢做校园业务 
Her stuffed lion is missing. 	她的长毛绒狮子不见了。 
That's it. We won't see any more now.	就这些了。之后的我们看不到了。
I... I confronted them.	我面对了他们。
Yeah, but my parents' solution to everything is to have me move back to Phoenix and live with them, which I'm not gonna do.	是啊，但他们一成不变的办法就是搬回凤凰城一起住，我不想这样。
So I could be of better service to you. 	为了让我更好地为您效力。 
Chloe, how long's Buchanan been at division? 	布坎南在总部待多久了？ 
Why don't you feel her out?	你为什么不试探她一下？
I want you to kiss me.	我想让你亲我。
He's in solitary confinement. What? 	他现在被单独囚禁。什么？ 
Month after month， for over a year,	一年多来，每个月，
These suites feature two queen beds, communication assistance, a sofa bed and a bathtub. 	这些套房提供2张大床、通讯辅助设施、1张沙发床和浴缸。 
Er... Yes... Yes. Fine, fine, I'd be honored!	呃... 好吧... 是的。好，好，我很荣幸！
And if she wasn't so worried about her career 	如果她不是那么担心自己的事业 
But how long can I wait? 	但我还能等多久呢？ 
The design can be worked in cross stitch.	这个图案可以用十字针法绣出来。
And so are the others. 	其他人也一样。 
He's on American 91 5. He'll be in Bogota 7.50 p. M. 	他正乘美航915班机，会在晚上7点50分抵达波哥大。 
She wasn't working as a team player with me, and I tried coaching her …	她根本不适合我，我尝试过调教她....
Dazzling, radiant fulfilment! All your greatest wishes. 	所有的热情欲望一切愿望。 
I was gonna take a shower. I came into the wrong room. 	我就是想洗个澡。结果进错房间了。 
You wanna go to hell?	你想下地狱吗？
I don't have a choice, you son of a bitch. 	我根本别无选择，你这混蛋。 
I have a huge signing bonus to repay. 	我要偿还一大笔违约金。 
I didn't want people to know what he did to me. 	我不想让大家知道他对我做的一切。 
Music lovers celebrated this summer when streaming music service spotify made its long-awaited u.s. debut.	今年夏天，音乐发烧友们迎来了一个令他们格外兴奋的好消息：期待已久的流媒体音乐网站Spotify终于在美国亮相了。
I finally got my mom to come on board with me dating girls and you bring that up? 	我好不容易让她接受我和女生交往这就是你的回应？ 
We tried and we failed and you know that if we try again,	我们试过可是失败了你知道的如果再试一次，
Sit down, mate. Come on, mate. 	坐下，伙计。没事的，伙计。 
I got this pate. 	我买了这种酱。 
I get around.	我到处跑的。
Yeah, these are straight.	但这横截面是直的。
I came back for you. What's going on here? 	我回来找你。这是怎么回事？ 
When I don't know what I'm talking about	当我不知道我在说什么的时候
And stop pissing me off. You're getting on my nerves.	别烦我了。你让我紧张。
Down at the bars, captain? 	在栅栏那儿躺下，长官？ 
Ladies, thanks for coming today.	女士们，谢谢你们的到来。
I'm only here for a couple more weeks. Garrett: right. 	再过几周我就得走了。恩。 
Mm, not for long. 	哦，不会太久了。 
To understand that Anna declines a divorce if I insist on keeping the boy. 	你知道如果我留下儿子安娜就会拒绝离婚。 
On a time it unlocks, Dyson will be dead.	当计时器解锁之时戴森就会死。
It happens to me, too. Has for years. 	我也是这样的，很多年了。 
She faces down the animals.	她俯视着群兽。
We tried to protect her.	我们试图保护她的。
They usually meander down to the pub after work.	他们通常下班后漫步到那家小酒店去。
There is a fear gripping me!	一种难以摆脱的恐惧！
In the view of this writer, both in lyons deserves our attention.	在笔者看来，莱昂斯在两方面值得我们重视。
Gotta find the mark. 	必须知道大气压力值。 
Might make it a little hard to...	会使这个变得有点困难……
The wife and I decided to take the kids to Disney world this year... 	我和妻子决定今年带孩子们去迪士尼乐园玩... 
First I heard about it. 	我是第一次听到。 
I should just go out there and kiss you. 	我就应该直接上前去吻你。 
I told you - tomorrow morning, my office. 	我告诉你了—明早，在我办公室。 
You know I didn't really care about any of that stuff.	你知道，我其实并不在意那些东西。
With all due respect, madam, your family brought this threat 	恕我冒犯，夫人，是你的家庭把这个威胁 
An importer will always show the value of goods to be 5-6% more when they arrive than when they left the exporting country.	货物到港时，进口商总是按比离开出口国价格多5%-6%来出示货物价格。
The least I can do is buy you boys breakfast. 	我能做的就是为你们买单。 
Fail - safe has been initiated.	启动-万无一失装置。
Right now, I want you to head North out of Los Angeles.	你现在北上去洛杉矶。
But cases like this are very difficult to prove.	但这样的案子很难予以证明。
Enjoy your bankruptcy.	好好享受破产的乐趣吧。
Than they realized. 	只是他们自己没有意识到。 
Takes a smart boy to fool with such a gun.	一个聪明的孩子拿着枪简直太蠢了。
Don't hesitate to call.	给我打电话千万别夷犹。
Bullet missed your jugular by about three millimeters. don't move.	子弹只差三毫米就打中你的颈静脉了。别动。
Well, it's as good as new.	一切都很新。
We saw him and his brunette bird leaving some fancy, 	我们前两天看见他跟他那棕色头发的女友， 
Thousands of human genomes are being used to catalogue the full diversity of human dna with a view to improving our understanding of disease.	科学家们利用千人基因组计划对人类dna的全部变异进行分类，并以此着眼于改进我们对于疾病的理解。
When we change... 	当我们变形时... 
Would you mind running downstairs boutique and returning the outfits in the closet? 	你可不可以跑到楼下的服装店里把我衣橱里的衣服退还给他们？ 
This funeral has to be a private affair.	这葬礼是一个私人的事。
Like a dream. Yes. 	像是一个梦。是的。 
Aww. Thanks, baby! 	噢，。谢谢，宝贝！ 
don't worry. I've been here before. 	别担心。我以前来过这里。 
You want five dollars seriously?	你要5块钱？你认真的？
I'll check the garden. 	我去检查花园。 
Of course she would end up with a guy like that.	她最后只能跟这样的人在一起。
But you don't have to worry about that anymore. 	但是你不用再担心了。 
When the jury watches this tape,	当陪审团看到这盘带子时，
Instead they had to find ways to destroy socialist institutional barriers and create markets.	相反，他们必须设法摧毁社会主义体制的障碍，并开辟市场。
I - I'm afraid I'm not following you. 	我怕我没有跟踪你。 
I went back to where I lost the guy. 	我回到追丢那家伙的地方。 
What have you got? All signs point to an explosion.	有什么消息？所有迹象表明这是源于爆炸。
She was there both times. Yeah.	她两次都在事发现场。是啊。
In three feet of water about 10 feet from the beach? 	是在离岸10英尺远的水深3英尺处吗？ 
Would be worth precisely as much as the work he could accomplish.	他的生命价值就是做完工作。
It shouldn't have come as a surprise.	这并不会让人感到惊讶，因为它是一个共同话题。
Where women are so chronlcally slngle, ovarles may be the next vestlglal organ. 	单身女子的卵巢却正濒临退化的边缘。 
With no entrance fees and many fantastic rides and attractions, you're sure to have a day you will not forget. 	无需支付入场费，您可以体验很多美妙的游乐设施，参观众多奇妙的景点，我们确定您一定会度过难忘的一天。 
I can explain this, Polly. Well, no, it's fascinating. I learned a lot about myself.	我可以解释一下，波莉。好吧，不，这有点意思。我知道了不少我自己的事儿。
but being good just ain't my bag 	不过，做乖宝宝不是我的习惯 
I saw this and thought of you.	我看见这个，就想到你。
Endless repetitions and ruthless hazing build mental and physical stamina.	无尽的重复和无情的戏弄铸就了精神和肉体的刚毅。
Stretching the skin,	伸展自己的皮肤，
She'll be there beside me. 	她就会在那儿，在我的身边。 
I was cleared. I could have given up. 	我清白了。我也可以放弃念头的。 
Florida would be one of the worst places to suffer.	佛罗里达将是其中之一。
Such a backlash is also likely over immigrant labour.	在移民劳工问题上也可能出现反弹。
Yeah, well, you'd better be very careful, all right? 	是啊，要小心点，知道吗？ 
But it's a possibility? 	有这可能吗？ 
I see. And this real, genuine connection thing 	我明白了。这种真实存在的缘分什么的 
I go out to the shop And when the fruit come in I 	我去商店 如果店里进了水果 
You have the sliders ketchup people at 3 o'clock. 	下午三点你要见番茄酱公司的人。 
There's no sign of it.	一点征兆都没有。
cause I wanna make you work for it. 	因为我想让你自己争取。 
That man is a total phony, he palmed himself off as a ph.d.	那家伙是个彻彻底底的冒牌货，他冒称是个博士。
Your closing's good.	你的总结陈词很不错。
I would show up to work and not known if there's 	我去工作不知道明天 
He slaughtered 20,000 in one day. 	他一天屠杀两万人。 
You want to go tell him that, big shot? Go ahead.	你想再火上浇油吗？去吧。
He's been patient and inquisitive. 	他有耐性，又对这儿很好奇。 
It should be you standing by my side, saving the world.	你应该站在我这一边，拯救世界。
I was driving in this morning. 	我今天开车时。 
But it couldn't create jealousy out of nowhere. 	不过，没有莫名其妙的嫉妒。 
A character trait in psychopaths has been identified by scientists as a common thread in successful us presidents.	科学家发现，有一种精神病患者的性格特征在成功的美国总统中一直都存在。
For rich old ladies' Kitty cats. 	换换垃圾桶。 
I got here as fast as I could. What happened? 	我尽我最快速度到这里的发生了什么事？ 
Oh, by the way, um, I'm having an open house tomorrow. 	哦，顺便说一下，我明天在家办家庭招待会。 
What time are meals served on the train?	火车上什么时候开饭？
So many seeds have been sown on the field.	所以那些已经被下种在田野里的种子。
You'll be in charge of security 	他想请你做保安 
How'd he even see the basket? 	他怎么可能看见篮筐？ 
Yeah, but it was an educated guess.	是，但这是凭经验来猜的。
If you're trying to get on the confirmation Committee 	你要是想登上批准委员会 
But I still think we should go. 	但是我仍然认为我们该走了。 
Your career consists of a few lines on an episode of diagnosis murder.	你的职业在" 恐龙谋杀" 中说得够清楚了。
Shanghai spearheaded a retreat for asian equity markets yesterday as cash was diverted by a forthcoming wave of chinese initial public offerings.	上海股市昨日成为亚洲股市下挫的先导，原因是即将到来的一轮中国企业首次公开发行（ipo）分散了市场资金。
I can't even pull in there. 	我都不会开进去。 
I showed her everything I know.	我把我的技术毫无保留地教给了她。
We just want to be a family again. 	我们只是想一家人团聚。 
I only hate sunburns and hangovers. This is just business. 	我只讨厌晒伤和宿醉。这只是工作而已。 
Jiao you ming you are buried in a place called.	你埋葬的地方叫幽冥。
over here. I do. There he is.	我可以他在那里。
Sounds like bullshit to me. 	我听着像是胡话。 
It'll cause a slight rise in the ambient temperature.	就会引起周围温度的轻微上升。
Let's see why they were so curious about you, miss van buren.	让我们来看看为什么他们对你如此好奇，范。布伦小姐。
Into the middle of the plant.	传送带通往工厂中央。
Workers can also turn to a cpo to learn about their company's personal privacy laws concerning their data.	员工还可以咨询首席隐私官，了解公司与个人信息相关的个人隐私规定。
For I have found something of great interest. 	因为我发现一个很有趣的事物。 
I'm not a goody touchies	我不是个乖乖女
Yes, mine are the one in the bumblebee costume	有啊，那个穿黄蜂装的是我的孩子
Even though what? 	即使什么？ 
Not hard...  	不难…… 
Perhaps if I had protection -  Say a laser gun? 	把镭射枪给我防身吧？ 
When we are in love,	当我们相爱时，
Oh, yeah. I mean, it was like, 	哦，是的。我意思，就像是， 
I don't know. It sounds cowardly. 	我没听说过。但听起来是种胆小的做法。 
I love you, mom. I love you, mom. 	妈，我爱你。 
Oh! Are you hitting on Leslie... 	唔！你这是在帮我俩。 
Of coffee, he wasn't kidding around.	他真的做了不是在开玩笑。
I saw her outside a rehab clinic, and I followed her to the grand. 	我在一家康复诊所门外看见她，跟踪她到住的地方。 
But I think we're entitled to celebrate, 	但我们有资格庆祝一下， 
How can we extend freedom? Extendit without war?	我们如何不经战争就能传播自由？
But at 23 months, everything changed.	但23个月的时候所有的一切都改变了。
There's - there's the crazy part, where you go down the rabbit hole... 	其中有一个令人发疯的部分，就是当你走进兔子洞之后... 
The difference between the new, green mega-yachts and the sailing vessels of old is that modern batteries mean a proportion of the power can be squirrelled away for future use, and that can reduce running costs in a very welcome way.	新型绿色大型游艇和老旧的帆船之间的差别在于，现代电池意味着一部分电力可以存储起来以供日后使用，并能以非常受欢迎的方式降低运行成本。
A hairdryer, an iron and a coffee maker can also be found in the room. 	房间还配有一台吹风机、一个熨斗和一台咖啡机。 
Yeah? Make a list of the surgical shit you need. 	啥？把手术需要的器材列个单子。 
A lot of physicists would like to know whether the large Hadron collider 	好多物理学家都想知道大型强子对撞机 
Oh, I see. You mean he can't... 	我明白了。他那个比较困难… 
Because I'm telling you 	我告诉你们 
Months, at least. 	几个月，至少。 
It's not properly wrapped.	没有很好得包裹起来。
Which, if there were any liquid oceans of water on Venus... 	其中如果金星上存在有液态水的海洋的话...  
They didn't want to go next to Wendy 's 	他们不想与温蒂汉堡为邻 
Yeah. Right here. My mom's. 	是的。在这儿。我妈妈的。 
children ?Children-? - twoTwo a boy and a girl.	有孩子吗？两个一儿一女。
Instead of substituting a new conventional thought for the old one, deliberately seek out experiences that challenge your views.	与其用一个新的普通想法替换掉那个旧的，不如有意找寻、创造一些挑战你观念的体验。
To return to the broader question about competitive capitalism with which I started.	回到我开头提到的有关“竞争资本主义”这个更为广泛的问题。
Then the next stop better have a snack machine, 'cause I need to be re-chipified. 	我们下次停车那最好有零食自动售卖机因为我得补充能量了。 
Well, what's it gonna be, the usual?	好吧，来点什么，还和以前一样吗？
Start your day with a delicious and satisfying continental breakfast. 	美好的一天从享用美味可心的欧式早餐开始。 
Later in the day, on one of athens's main shopping streets, black smoke billowed from various fires, while glass shards and smoldering garbage littered the sidewalks.	当天晚些时候，雅典的一个主要购物区多处着火，浓烟翻腾而起，便道上到处是玻璃碎片和燃烧着的垃圾。
Wonder how it got under there?	怎么会在椅下面？
I think the stalker's gone.	我觉得那个跟踪狂消失了。
I'm a fairy... The good kind. 	我是一个仙女… 善良的那种。 
Oh, my gosh. You told them something, 	噢，天。你叫他们做些事， 
Right after the hoIidays.	假期过后吧。
An older gentleman in a floppy camouflaged baseball cap manning a national rifle association ( nra) booth outside the antioch gun show rattled off conspiracy theories popularized by the far-right radio jock alex jones.	一位年长的绅士，戴着松软伪装的棒球帽为安提俄克枪展外的全国步枪协会的货摊配备人员，快速说出极右翼无线电乔克亚历克斯琼斯推广的阴谋论。
It's what I do. I'm a middle man. 	我就是干这行的。我是个中间人。 
I can see the green wire.	我看到绿线了。
Ten years ago, I made a bad decision, and I'm not doing it again. 	十年前，我做了个槽糕的决定，我不要再重蹈覆辙。 
We don't work like you do. We don't work cases	我们工作程序和你们不一样。我们办案不走直线的
Wait, am I a suspect? Most definitely.	等等，我是嫌疑犯了？绝对。
See, I think comics can pretty much be an art form, man.	你瞧，我认为漫画可以使用艺术的表现手法。
You know, Work with pharrell, Ronson, Timbaland.	你知道吗，应该和全能冠军，郎生，提姆巴兰一起。
Because, honestly, this is all about me. 	因为，坦白说，这都是我一个人干的。 
But it will be nice to get away from the boys	可要是能远离那帮臭男人
I'm prepared with a solution. 	我准备了个方案。 
And this mobile game isn't finished offering up its surprises.	而这场移动游戏带来的惊喜还远未结束。
He seems eager to meet you. 	他好象很想见我一面。 
In the paper she said she's held by force 	报纸上说她不肯露 
He wanted me to tell you something. - what? 	他有话让我转告你。- 是什么？ 
Sure! You know what? 	当然！你知道吗？ 
They are up to their old pranks.	他们又在玩鬼把戏了。
Yes, everyone loves rules. 	恩，每个人都喜欢规矩。 
In this euro crisis, germany's leaders sound not so much indecisive as stuck.	在这次欧元危机中，德国领导人听起来与其说犹豫不决，倒不如说卡住了。
Yet on their return the militants, dressed in full combat gear, declared "victory" at mass rallies organised by the pro-kurdish peace and democracy party ( bdp).	然而回归的全副武装的武装分子在一个由亲库尔德党的和平民主党（bdp）组织群众集会上宣称他们获得了“胜利”。
You've been in front of the camera for haIf that. 	其中一半时间你都在摄像头前。 
During the pregnancy the young girl from the town of manaure never visited a doctor.	然而在怀孕期间，这个来自manaure镇的小女孩从没有看过医生。
No woman takes that long.	女人都不用这么长。
You two, you're both so young. So certain. 	你们两个都太年轻。太武断了。 
Yeah, I'd like to stay inroom 1408 please.	好吧，我想订1408号房间。
I'm trying. - okay. 	我也正在试着。- 好。 
When shall we receive the examination results?	我们什么时候可以收到考试结果？
My anti-riot troop has been dispatched to the scene	我的镇暴部队已经出动了
Do something. - you do something.	做点什么- 你做点什么。
Yeah, it's good, yeah? Yeah, how do you do that?	对，挺好，是吧？你怎么做到的啊？
Armed men from the North attacked the blue house. 	从北边来的人攻击了青瓦台。 
Prisoners of war...	战争俘虏...
He survived 3,000 years in the Egyptian desert, 	他在埃及的沙漠中相安无事了3000多年， 
She doesn't blame you, either.	她也没有责怪你。
Whether one admits it or not, there is certainly a lot of islamophobia out there.	不论人们同意与否，都有许多的反对者存在。
More! I want more!	再来！我还要看！
She'd like to sign you as a solo artist to her label. 	她想签下你作为独唱歌手。 
Well, we're not. Being with trash like you looks bad.	啊，我们可不。和象你这样的废物呆一块好不到哪儿去。
Shut up, Deborah. - now you got it, mom.	住口了，黛博拉。- 你终于明白了，妈妈。
Okay, this time you're gonna feel a little pressure. 	好了，这次你会感到有点压力。 
Yeah, I'm - I' m... I'm pretty regular.	好吧，我是-我... 我非常有规律。
We should hang out at my place tomorrow night,	我们明晚应该去我那里，
And I made some mistakes. 	但我也犯了错误。 
3.Refer to drawings for exact locations and/or mounting heights of fumiture,fixtures, and equipment. 	3.请参见图纸了解家具、固定装置和设备的准确位置和/或安装高度。 
Look, if you want your relationship with Leonard to continue, 	看，你要是想跟他长远发展的话， 
And then she went to a secret room and made a poisoned apple.	于是她进到一间密室去做了一只毒苹果。
If the scarce - bearded Caesar 	如果这胡子稀疏的凯撒 
No, it was two and a half, 	哦不，是2.5对6， 
Is a steering wheel from 4:00 to midnight. 	四点至午夜我必须开车。 
The ceremony is over. But he didn't say anything.	仪式已经结束了。但他什么也没有说。
That'll break a chick's spirit.	开始部分了。
We take so much care of each other.	我们还真是彼此关照。
Ibecause we suffer a little pain.	只因我们受到少许痛楚。
It was when your father was in China. 	是在你父亲去了中国的时候。 
War tests our humanity,	战争考验了我们的人性，
What's going on? Uncle Satch, don't! 	出了什么事？塞奇叔叔，别这样！ 
We're descending. all passengers... I'm sorry. It's a security matter.	我们在降落。所有的乘客们... 很抱歉。关乎了安全问题。
He must be under the shield. 	他一定在屏蔽区内了。 
But has refused to talk. I'm sorry, can you repeat that? 	却拒绝合作。抱歉，请再问一遍？ 
It is important problems of the information safety at present that the computer is invaded and attacks on-linly, before damaging recovered even undiscovered ing, its damage arrow is unable to estimate in advance.	电脑遭到入侵及线上攻击是目前资讯安全重要问题，在损害未复原甚至未被发现之前，其损矢无法预估。
Cadillac, I love it. 	凯迪拉克，我喜欢。 
So how did you feel when your wife went missing?	当你得知妻子失踪时有什么想法？
How they're lling all over him.	她们对他这么殷勤。
I haven't even had time to wipe my ass, today. 	今天我连擦屁股的时间都没有。 
Especially for a young woman in Las Vegas. Put yourself in her shoes.	尤其对于维加斯的年轻女性。设身处地为她想想吧。
The greatest talkers are always the least doers.	语言的伟人总是行为的矬子。
Giving her enormous strength and size. 	使她拥有巨大的力量和身材。 
You're in a memory.	你只是在记忆中。
If you are who I think you are. 	如果我没看错你的话。 
Really? I didn't know there was an employee of the month. Oh, yeah.	我不知道有“本月最隹员工”。
Wh... What can I do for you? 	嗯…我能为你做什么呢？？ 
NON-ROMAN ALPHABET EXAMPLE (Chinese Shown) 	非罗马字母样板（用中文显示） 
I'm gonna go see the baby, okay?	我去看看孩子，好吗？
I'm the Ada handling your case. 	我是负责你案子的助理地检官。 
So we did better get moving  	所以赶紧走吧 
That two men of great public distinction 	两位身世显赫的人 
I waited to see him.	我想去见他。
How's your youngest? Not good.	你的小儿子这么样？不是太好。
You go deep into your urine and you have a lot of pressure! 	你潜进深尿里压强会很大有硫茚毒！ 
If it's carrying nuclear waste, the network becomes even more limited, 	如果它运送的是核废料的话网络限制就更大， 
cause I'm a virgin. A discount?	因为我还是个处男。打折？
But back to you. 	但是回到你身上。 
Hey! Greet the master! Master... 	喂！叫师傅吧！师傅…  
There's no law against stealing from a colossal douche bag. 	法律也没规定不能偷本大混球的书。 
Listen, I don't want you tiring her out. What do you think I'm going to do?	听着，不要让她太累。你以为我会怎样？
He is always looking ahead. 	他总是往前看。 
This boy is scared to death. Son, it breaks my heart to say this,	这个男孩吓死了。孩子，这样说真让我伤心，
My dear Colonel, 	我亲爱的上校， 
Keep your trap shut today, 77! What do you want?	把你的鸟嘴闭上77号！你想怎样？
Pure souls.	素净的灵魂。
I love you. It is what it is. I love you. 	我爱你。这才是最重要的。我爱你。 
No way, go hav e your date.	不要这样,去赴你的约会吧.
She's staying.	她一起吃。
Under chinese statistics, 60% of chinese exports to the united states are conducted through entrepot trade via a third place, mainly the hong kong region.	据中方统计，中国对美出口的60%是经过以香港地区为主的第三方转口的。
Yeah. I just got the call. He's already confessed. 	是啊，刚接到电话他都已经招了。 
Am I an imbecile? Is that a trick question? 	我是一个白痴？那个一个技巧问题？ 
The close service, make everything crown your wishes like sunshine.	酒店阳光般贴心服务，使一切如您所愿。
can't even tell the difference. 	完全看不出有什么区别。 
Most people dream of hitting the lottery just once, but las vegas resident joan ginther hit it an unbelievable four times.	大多数人梦想能中一次大奖就不错，但是拉斯维加斯的居民琼金瑟（joan ginther）却不可思议地中过4次。
Hey, you got a smoke for me? 	嘿，给我跟烟抽吧？ 
I almost forgot. To add a real element of danger... 	我差点忘了为了增加一点真正的危险成分。 
Hovering 10 miles above the south pole is a sprawling patch of stratosphere with disturbingly low levels of radiation-absorbing ozone.	在南极上空10英里处的同温层，漂浮着一片令人不安的、低水平辐射吸收的臭氧层。
Take their clothes off on the big screen.	在大屏幕上脱衣。
Gave me attention was when I did something bad.	注意我的时候就是我做了坏事的时候。
She said she didn't do it.	她说了不是她干的。
That is about one-fourth of the world's exposure to ireland.	这相当于整个世界爱尔兰敞口的四分之一左右。
About that test...	关于那次测试...
And Lord Caldlow would like you to have this as a show of good faith.	为表诚意卡洛爵士给你这个。
We know the song. Make it yours.	我们对歌曲很熟悉。唱出你自己的风格。
You don't need any more boyfriends, you need about 1 5 years of therapy.	你不需要男朋友了，你需要的是15年心理治疗。
When you feel like shit, you're attracted by the other pieces of shit like you. That's life.	当你觉得糟糕透了，你就是被你的另外坏的一面所引诱。那就是生命。
Was that directed at me? 	你俩是说我？ 
And I was there when that son of a bitch tried to bomb us to kingdom come in Panama.	在巴拿马时这混蛋想把我们当场炸死。
The sunday market here is the best place to buy turkmen carpets.	这里的星期日市场是最好的地方购买土库曼地毯。
Sort of snap snapperson snap for??? Specialist and... 	神经脆弱者的脆弱的儿子？脆弱专家和... 
Can I be the first to say, "eww"! 	我能第一个说"恶心”！ 
You gotta call the other agents back. 	你需要把其他特工叫回来。 
Cleo, I know you're proud of your daughters. We are, too. 	克利奥我知道你为你的女儿感到骄傲。我也一样。 
You said they were your brothers. 	你说过你们是兄弟。 
Look. Whatever differences you and I have, they'll keep.	听着。不管我们之间有多大的偏见，我们暂且不谈。
So, what, you don't like parties?	你不喜欢派对吗？
I left my cigarettes at the theater. 	我把烟放在戏院了。 
Make sure you get this. He is going to make the food now. 	准备好摄影设备。他要开始造食物了。 
Do you know how much it would mean to Spencer	你知道如果他的偶像点评他的作品
We deserve to have them hear the lesser charge.	我们有权让陪审团有轻罪选择。
So it's time to come clean, was the unit involved?	尽早坦白了吧，咱们与此有关吗？
Mom, can I please stay here? You'll have to ask your father. 	妈，我想留在家里？去问你爸爸。 
Like they did this morning.	不会像他们今早那样。
Ah! Er... Is Johnny Martin. Johnny Martin?	啊！呃…他叫强尼·马丁强尼·马丁？
Even after he accomplished his 12 labors...	当他完成十二项任务…
No way to look for any of them in his condition. 	他的情况下没办法检查是哪种。 
But he pushed us really hard.	但他不停地催我们。
You know, in the 1970s, the most common cause for surgery was ulcers. 	你们知道吗，在1970年最普通溃疡都得手术。 
What day is this? Marek, 	今天多少号？马莱克， 
Hey, nice. Hey... 	嗨，太棒了。嗨... 
32.00 mile(s) from Chandler 	距好莱坞 32.00 英里 
Across the river. Trying to frighten off the spirit of death.	在河对面。想把亡魂驱走。
Because I plucked them out of your place? 	我把他们扔出你的地盘而分上一份吗？ 
Boss, this boy scales high mountains as if they were mere steps for him! 	头儿，这个男孩攀登高山有如上几级台阶般轻松！ 
Because the temple's	因为那里寺庙
But apaper published in this week's science, by andreas schmittner of oregon state university, suggests it is not.	但本周，来自oregon state university的andreas schmittner刊登在《科学》杂志上的一篇论文认为，事实并不是这样的。
This shop specializes in tea and coffee.	这家市肆专营茶叶和咖啡。
You start off by pretending you're a dancer with grace.	开场就假装自己是优美的舞者。
Given the concrete situation in china, the authors bring forward an investigation method for basic data collection for the for-hire trucking, which bases on stratified sampling and validated by the typical investigation and focused survey.	针对我国国情，提出营业性公路货物运输业以分层抽样调查为基础，以典型调查、重点调查为验证的基础数据调查方法。
This is awesome! It's not awesome! 	太棒了！棒个头！ 
His specific brief is to protect the Tehran government from foreign spies. 	他的主要任务是保护德黑兰政府不受国外间谍破坏。 
What? Pick it up and start digging. 	啥？捡起那东西开始挖！ 
Big banking is barreling back.	各大银行纷纷回归
The japanese language is full of ritual apologies, uttered so often as to become almost meaningless: I am about to make a nuisance of myself-please excuse me!	日本语内满是礼节性的致歉语句，如此频繁的出现让它近无实义：我都快要讨厌死自己了真是抱歉呀！
Make our dreams come true! Yours dream you mean, 	实现梦想的大好机会！你是指你自己的梦想， 
I'll be back in a half hour. 	我半小时后回来。 
You can't break your word! 	你们不能言而无信！ 
When london unexpectedly beat paris in the competition to hold the 2012 olympic games, crowds cheered, the stock market soared and politicians congratulated themselves.	当伦敦出人意料地打败巴黎赢得2012年奥运会举办权时，人们欢呼不断，股市飙升，政治家们也欣喜不已。
I could have you both arrested if I wanted to. 	我要是想可以把你俩都逮捕了。 
I love you. And I want this. 	我爱你。我想要。 
Indeed, he goes as far as to posit the idea of clinical trials for biofuels-presumably pitting one against another, perhaps with petroleum-based products acting as the control, and without the drivers knowing which was which.	不错，他已经将他对生物燃料的想法用于“临床试验”大概就像让两种想法相互竞争，让石油产品做监督，而驾驶员却不知哪个是哪个。
Look what happens right here. Okay?	你看这边的情况。好吗？
2 Whole rounds? We have a cockeyed optimist in the house.	整整2回合？这屋内我们有看走眼的乐天派.
I'm sorry to bother you again, dr. Lecter. I know it's late.	对不起，再一次打扰你，莱克特医师。
Among the tools available to scientists pondering the future... 	在科学家考量未来的工具里… 
Look, people slip sometimes, even the most trustworthy of friends.	听着，人有时候会说溜嘴的甚至是最值得信赖的朋友。
No one on the ground reported being whacked on the head, 	地面上没有人目击到头顶上有东西掉落， 
Can’t I just want to make my wife happy?	我让我妻子高兴不行吗？
Effect of exogenous ca2+ on membrane lipid peroxidation and the activities of corresponded enzymes in seedling roots of secale cereale l. under aluminum ( al) stress.	铝胁迫下外源ca2+对黑麦幼根膜脂过氧化及保护酶活性的影响。
The natural progression follows a series that is popularized in the west as the "fibonacci series".	自然级数遵照一在西方普及的如“斐波纳契级数”那样的数列。
Here you are, give me everything you have,	给你，把你们有的都给我，
A lot's changed if your mom's letting guys in the bedroom now. 	如果你妈妈现在允许男生进你卧室那么确实改变了很多。 
Has she been arrested? Talk to her. 	她被捕了吗？跟她聊聊。 
Gangs of Mafia controlled pirate fisherman organize the trade.	一伙黑手党私下控制了渔民操纵这门生意。
Ah, okay. We'll see. 	啊，好的，等着瞧吧。 
Many european plants have become naturalized.	还有许多欧洲植物在那里归化了。
What can I say? I got fans. 	我能说什么？哥也有粉丝滴。 
I'm sorry. don't worry about it.	对不起，不要紧。
If this isn't a dream then it's the worst nightmare I could ever imagine. 	如果不是梦的话就是我能想象到的最恐怖的故事了。 
I woke up in a room full of dead people. 	我在一个全是死人的屋子里醒过来。 
But that service will not be available to all kansas citians.	但是这项服务并不对所有的市民开放。
Dormitories, dining halls, sport centers are in the living area; with the green fields, squares, sandy beach and sea water, the favorable work and living environment is created on the onshore terminal.	生活区包括员工宿舍、餐厅、健身活动场所等，整个环境在绿地、广场及沙滩海水的映托下，为陆上终端创造了一个很好的办公与生活环境。
Hey! Stop fighting amongst yourselves. Take it out on the enemy, for chrissake. 	嘿！自己人别打架。看在上帝的份，去和对手叫劲。 
Who claims to have info on the family man.man?	有家庭杀手的消息？
I'd like my game back, please.	我想要我的游戏机，麻烦了。
He's stable, so I can set him up with a heart monitor, take his blood to the lab, 	他现在还稳定，所以我要先装个心脏监护器，然后把他的血样送到实验室去， 
I think they should have gave it to him. 	我觉得应该给他。 
But they didn't have it, and...Do you wanna borrow searoad?	但他们没有，而且...你想借海路吗？
Well, I guess the Union of commerce and culture	商业和文化总有
No, I'm serious. It's an emergency.	我说真的。紧急情况。
Minimal downside. You can see for yourself look at the tags.	会把副作用降到最低。你自己看标签就知道了。
I mean, you - you buy a car 	我是说，如果你买了车 
Ishii certainly hoping he can convince more people of the benefits of the higher interest rates he offers, but the model is sure to be affected by any interest hikes to come.	石井当然希望他能够说服更多人相信高利率的好处，但是，这种模式注定会受到利率上调的影响。
You are scrunching my shirt!	你在抓我的衣服！
I don't mean to burst your bubble, boys, but I don't need any tips, OK?	我不是想说风凉话，但是我不需要你们的任何招数知道了吗？
Here? Now? It's been a month. 	在这里？现在？已经一个月了。 
I can help. My power is all I have left. 	我能帮助你。我的力量能使我活下去。 
But on the other hand, remember that rule and his co-authors largely controlled for these superficial giveaways in their stimulus photos.	但另一方面，要记得rule和他的同事们很大程度上控制了这些照片表面上的刺激。
But it's gotta get bad before it gets good 	但在黎明之前总归是黑夜 
If a particle strays out, Pandora's gravity pulls on it. 	如果有颗粒离群出走，潘多拉的引力就会拽住它。 
Once inside, it's all about timing. 	一进入，就开始计时。 
You've played this game before? - no choice you see. She was raised by brothers.	你以前玩过这个游戏？- 没得选。要知道她是被哥哥弟弟带大的。
Why don't you tell me what Ren did exactly?	伦到底干了些什么？
Yet, each case is different. 	当然，每次都不同。 
Another round of the lying game? 	新一轮谎言游戏？ 
My sister was a romantic. I suppose you read her memoirs. 	我姐很浪漫主义，你读过她的回忆录吧。 
To testify and half a block away from your courtroom, 	竟然在离法庭仅半个街区处， 
I'm trying to get it out without making it worse, but it's slow going. 	我正试着不弄糟的情况下把它取出来，但是进度很慢。 
And big heads, if they weren't some kind of time - traveling 	所谓外星人尸体他们是否会是某种时间旅行 
Okay. Well, now that I've got faith  	好。好，我刚开始有信心了 
Otherwise, I might have done something that I'd be ashamed of later. 	另外一方面，我可能做了些羞耻的事情。 
This very afternoon over a bowl of Christmas punch.	就今天下午一边喝着大杯的圣诞潘趣酒。
I'll need about an hour to get what we need, then we'lI get back out there.	我需要大概一个小时进行补给然后就会返回战场
What is it, blue dragon? 	什么事，蓝龙？ 
Never mind! Just don't cut any of those wires! 	别在意！不要剪断任何导线！ 
I picked it up with my uninjured hand.	我把它捡起我受伤的手。
And no from me, but thank you so much. 	我也不同意，不过还是谢谢你。 
He once told me the fast mnemonic could save my life one day, so... 	他曾经说快速记忆法有一天会救我的命，所以... 
Private contracts as laws and decrees; bills for purchasing land; land sale contract; inherent civil law.	民有私约如律令；地券；土地买卖契约；固有民法。
The n that it extends compares pacemaker big millions times.	它发放的电量比起搏器大数百万倍。
She said they weren't new to you, and she's keeping it simple.	她说对你而言可不是新歌，而且她已经尽量简化了。
Bloomberg's main financial-terminals business can easily support a money-losing magazine, especially if it can make its burgeoning multimedia business more valuable in the long run.	彭博的主营财经终端业务能够很容易的支撑起一本亏本杂志，尤其从长远看来，该杂志能够使得彭博集团迅速发展的综合传媒业务更富于价值。
The chinese ministry of health has promised a full investigation into the hormone allegations.	中国卫生部部长已经承诺会全力调查这次消费者投诉事件。
We've been waiting for you, Carlo, with great impatience.	我们在等你，卡尔，很热切地等你回来。
Faculty members are scheduled to vote on a measure that would permit harvard to distribute their scholarship online, instead of signing exclusive agreements with scholarly journals that often have tiny readerships and high subscription costs.	全体教师将就这一措施进行投票，即是否允许哈佛大学在线发表其学术作品，而不是与那些读者群较小、订购费用非常昂贵的学术期刊签订专门的版权协议。
But big machine supplies only a small proportion of clear channel's music.	但大机器的节目在清晰频道播放的音乐中所占比例很小。
You've just become less engaging. 	你已经变得不那么有趣了。 
Why am I worrying about it? 	我在担心什么？ 
If I'm chewing something up, all the pieces are mine.	如果把某物嚼碎了，所有的残碎物就是我的。
...a munitions factory.	军工厂
You think I'm overdoing it. I'm overdoing it. 	你觉得太夸张了。我做得太夸张了。 
I just don't want you pissing off, thinking we owe you something.	我只是不想你就这么走了，觉得我们欠你什么。
Okay, John. The minute we finish the burn, we'll power down the LEM.	好，约翰。我们一完成燃烧，就把登月小艇动力关闭。
And after it was successful	任务最终成功后
Media will use one individual youth's story to draw out one thematic experience that they use to represent the entire china youth generation.	媒体只会选用某一个个性青年的经历，从中提取一个主题化的印象，用于代表整个中国的年轻一代。
A year later and thankfully so far all had gone to plan.	一年之后，很幸运的是一切都依计划进行。
The u.s. military says it is investigating the cause of a helicopter crash wednesday near the city of ramadi that killed two marines.	军方说，正在调查一架美军直升机星期三在拉马迪城外坠毁的原因，机上两名海军陆战队军人丧生。
You're supposed to be on Atlantis.	你应该是在亚特兰蒂斯啊
If a successful connection is made, 	如果连结成功， 
He dared to come to Rome? 	他居然胆敢来罗马？ 
Perhaps the best way to expand geothermal is to pair it with another industry that likes to poke holes deep beneath the earth: oil and gas.	或许要想扩大地热能的使用最好的方式，就是把它和那最喜欢在地球上打很深的洞的工业捆绑在一起即油气产业。
Divide tasks into bite-sized chunks, then discuss who will do each chunk.	将任务分成小的模块，然后讨论由谁来完成每一个模块。
In the political mythology of slovenia's right the ten-day war of independence in 1991 should take centre stage, not the tragic events of 1945.	在斯洛文尼亚右翼的政治神话中，应该把1991年为期十天的独立战争放到舞台的中心，而不是1945年的悲惨事件。
Do it like this. This is Tyrone mayhem. 	像这样。我是泰隆·梅汉姆。 
Well, you wouldn't let me finish and...	嗯，你不让我说完我很…。
He wouldn't have turned to old flames to fill the vold. 	他也许就不会重拾旧爱来填补空虚。 
Eating your sad - looking meat loaf for one and wearing a sweatshirt that says,	吃着可怜兮兮的肉圆孤独终老身上穿的还是，
In the april speech, mr. geithner focused on changing china's financial system: loosening state controls on interest rates, leveling the playing field so that private companies can compete with china's state-owned enterprises and allowing the value of the renminbi to be determined by market forces.	在四月的讲话中，盖纳集中在改变中国金融体系上：放宽国家对利率的控制，校正游戏场地以至于私营企业能够与中国国企竞争和允许市场力量决定人民币价值。
And moses said, behold, I go out from thee, and I will entreat jehovah that the swarms of flies may depart from pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people, to-morrow: only let not pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to jehovah.	摩西说，我要出去求耶和华，使成群的苍蝇明天离开法老和法老的臣仆并法老的百姓，法老却不可再行诡诈，不容百姓去祭祀耶和华。
He means one! 	他指的是一！ 
And you think I have 	所以你认为 
Well, Mr. Macabe.	哦，麦克比先生。
Wars come and go, but my soldier stay eternal.	兵戈来了又走，而我的兵士永世厚道。
Mai: It's $200. 	梅: 两百元。  
A special medical help.	他需要医疗帮助。
Oh, come on. You said those tax shelters were totally legal. 	少来你说过那些逃税方法都是合法的。 
For both our minds and bodies.	既有生理，又有心理方面的益处。
You should stop in more often.	你应该多回家。
Is that really what you want your children learni 	你就想让你的孩子学这个？ 
One - access to the dog.	一可以接触狗。
Economy harmony development of the changjiang river delt megalopolis: indicator, determination and evaluation.	长江三角洲城市群经济和谐发展:指标、测定与评价。
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Peppertree Auburn Inn is located behind the Longhorn Barbecue on the right hand side of the street. 	贝斯特韦斯特普拉斯花椒奥本酒店就坐落在接到右边的隆豪恩烧烤后面。 
I gave you sex in a linen closet, you tell him.	我让你享尽温柔，你去告诉他。
She had a migraine.	她偏头痛又发了。
And I like your girl, she's a peach. 	我喜欢你的女儿，她真可人。 
From the new Jersey... The real naked... 	新泽西的真裸... 
The next day, stalingrad front army offensive began.	次日，斯大林格勒方面军开始进攻。
Dude, I'm just gonna pour it from a bottle.	哥们儿，我正要为你开瓶倒酒呢。
You look better. You look sane.	你看起来好多了。你看起来精神还正常
We'll need a bigger ship.	我们需要一艘更大的飞船。
Sure. Well, after this one. 	当然，等这杯喝完。 
But look how far the substance of my praise 	但是不论我如何赞美 
Did you know we built planets? 	你以前知道我们是干造行星的这行的吗？ 
People` s gonna have to empty their own night jars is my point.	我意思是自己的夜壶得自己倒。
Well, I've checked with the assistant director's office, 	好吧，我问过主管办公室了， 
I just said that. Would you like to join us? Three times. 	又说了一次。你愿意和我们一起去吗？说了3次了。 
Go back inside,honey.	会屋去吧，亲爱的。
Every chance you get. No, I don't. 	每次你都那样。不，我没有。 
Okay, okay, who wants to lead the kids?	好的，谁想带孩子们领舞？
But I haven't been evaluated for the sleep apnea for nine years. 	但是九年多没有进行睡眠窒息方面的检查。 
Anyone else? - no. 	其它台呢？- 没有。 
I'll handle the auditor.	我来搞定验酒师。
I've never slept with a man before. 	我以前从未和一个男人睡在一起过。 
Dicker believes it is largely because large financial firms with a direct interest in oil trading have made so much money with oil that they can afford to lobby congress to block any significant reforms.	dicker相信这很可能是因为大型金融机构对原油交易拥有直接的利益，他们可以从原油交易中得到大量的利润，以至于他们可以游说国会阻止任何重要的改革。
Where? Fairfax county.	哪里？费尔法克斯县。
You want a drink? Yeah: 	你想喝一杯吗？是的 
I - if you're not there for him, you will always regret it. 	如果你没能为他做些什么，你以后一定会后悔的。 
With a few stern words and a baseball bat,	我骂他两句再用棒球棒揍他几下就能搞定，
I mean, look at you. You're out there. 	我是说，看看你自己，你站在那里。 
Most people recognize the constellation by these three stars right in a row. 	多数人通过这三颗并列的恒星来辨认猎户座。 
Welcome though this change of heart was, it was too little and came far too late.	虽然我们从心里欢迎这种转变，但是姗姗来迟的它太无不足道了。
Stop lying. It was a genuine gold 	别再骗人了那个是真金 
I'd gladly move 	因你而动
Effects of antiglaucoma drugs on calcium mobility in cultured corneal endothelial cells.	抗青光眼药对角膜内皮细胞内钙离子流动性的影响。
Since war broke out, the phones at donation centers have been ringing off the hook.	自从战争爆发以来，捐赠中心的电话就一直响个不停。
I assume you're going to keep it for yourself tonight. 	我断定今晚你会自己用。 
Okay, see the guy with the bad comb over standing by the statues?	你看站雕像旁那个秃头男？
Can I start you three with a drink? 	三位要喝点什么？ 
Your lucky ring stinks. I know.	你的幸运戒指失灵了- 我知道。
He has passed on to the next life 	又岂能少了你的陪伴呢 
I just didn't know if it would be within my lifetime. 	但我不知道是否在有生之年能见到成果。 
As much as he just likes to fight. 	只是他很喜欢战斗。 
Overnight Hotel Guests Get A 15% Breakfast Discount On Regular Menu Items In Our Restaurant. 	酒店过夜客人可享受酒店餐厅日常菜单的15%早餐折扣。 
Pick a book on an entirely new subject.	选一本关于一个全新主题的书。
All right? You got it together. You're solid.	对吧？你平衡得很好。你很坚强
I count on him for everything. well...	我很信任他。好吧...
Our swimming pool is under renovation and is expected to open mid June. 	我们的泳池正在装修，有望在6月中旬恢复运营。 
No, no, I'm more like a distant acquaintance.	不，不是的，算是认识。
Alright. Online side.	好。网络部的。
The corporeality of erotic imagination: a study of pictorials and cartoons in republican china.	色情想象的躯体性:民国时期的中国画报与漫画研究。
My client and your hospital both suffered	我方当事人和您的医院都
I thought you'd see that. But no, you're so self-obsessed, 	我以为你能看出来。但你固执己见， 
The foyer is restored and destined to become a sculptural area.	门厅修复改造得注定要成为一个雕塑区。
The most contemptible man I have ever known.	我认识的人当中最烂的人。
Your dad taught you to see the truth.	你父亲教你怎样看清事实真相。
Then we can be happy and have a lot of fun together.	日后大家便可以开开心心，风流快活。
Even if everyone else votes for me, will go home. 	即使其他人投的都是我，那个人都要回家。 
Better. It hasn't been the same just hugging Nate. 	好多了。只抱着奈特的感觉就是不一样。 
The footage does not appear to have been altered.	录象显然是不会改变的。
Hi! Interesting coincidence, finding you in a place like this. 	嗨！多么有趣的巧合，在这儿找到你。 
Theconfederation of indian industry has introduced a package of dalit-friendlymeasures, including scholarships for bright low-caste students.	印度联邦工业部已经引入了一整套有利于dalit阶层的方案，其中包括向那些优秀的低种姓学生授予奖学金的制度。
That's what we're supposed to say officially. 	我就是在这里正式宣布一下。 
Future generations of americans may find health insurance more affordable, but they will also find hard work less financially rewarding.	未来一代美国人或许会发现他们能承担的起健康保险，但也会发现自己很难通过努力工作来得到财政上的回报。
I'm failing here, Bob, and I need your help. 	我工作不顺利鲍勃我需要你的帮助。 
Okay, we could do it now. - do it.	好吧，我们可以现在动手- 动手吧。
I'm coming, ma 'am. This way, please.	我来吧，女士。这边，请。
Go west - nor 'west for the shore.	就向偏西方向转舵朝岸驶去。
Murder in paradise. 	天国中的谋杀案。 
The arbitrative examination and determination by the administrative departments for measurement of the next higher people's governments shall be final.	上一级人民政府计量行政部门进行的仲裁检定为终局仲裁检定。
King's opinion 	法王的高见 
But if I knew what you were after, 	但如果我知道你们在寻找什么， 
Where do you think he got it from? 	你觉得他们是从哪得来的公式？ 
When I drank the punch, he got furious, 	当我要喝酒时，他变得非常暴躁， 
And sometimes they never get up. 	有时候干脆起不来。 
When men live in a system that does not even try to camouflage its injustice, they react by becoming radical or cynical.	当人们生活在一个甚至不用为不公平掩饰的体系之中时，他们会变得激进和愤世嫉俗。
Of all the people you could have turned into, you picked me. 	世界上那么多人你不找茬偏偏找我的茬。 
This privately - owned money system is worldwide,	私有的货币制度是全球性的，
Thank you, Mr., uh... 	多谢，怎么称呼。 
To think I only got two days with the love of my life.	一想到和此生挚爱仅共度两天。
Why do you gotta do that, huh?	为什么要这样子，嗯？
I'm recommending that we don't return to the destiny	我建议我们不要返回命运号
All right, after agent Howard told me what happened, 	好吧，霍华德探员把情况告诉我后， 
What you remember is you used to drive thatold, busted jawn.	你以前开的是那辆破车。
Then there is the issue of centre-forward and the ongoing emile heskey debate.	接下来便是中前场的问题以及持续不断的对于埃米尔赫斯基的争论。
Okay, I'm so glad you're here. 	好吧，你来了我太高兴了。 
It's coming from back there. Maybe it's your famous garlic Mayo. 	从后面传来的。可能是三明治的大蒜味。 
Finally, he reached an evil, narrow street lit only by a single lamp.	最后，他走进了一条只亮着一盏路灯的邪恶、狭窄的街道。
Dream road october tide girls garden field riverview sparrow children hmong beauty girl sunflower ganjianglaoma broadband hd video.	梦路梦十月潮女花园野外葵花江景洗衣女郎麻雀苗女女孩潮女花园梦路赣江老马宽频高清视频。
We have a situation. 	出了点情况。 
I was running in new york's central park last night, when a large, bare-chested ( it was very humid, I'll give him that) runner let out a huge belch as he passed me.	昨晚我在纽约的中央公园跑步时，一个大块头，光膀子（我可以原谅他，当时确实很闷热）的跑步者一边超过我一边打了个巨大的嗝。
We're gonna put a shunt into one of the ventricles to give the cerebrospinal fluid an out. 	我们会将分流通管放入其中的一个脑室使脑脊液流出来。 
Is that what I need, huh? 	我要的就是这玩意儿吗？ 
With Jack LaLanne's power juicer. 	你就能释放自然的力量 
Easy does it, jock.	别着急，壮男。
President kennedy will give his views on specific problems when he sends his first state of the union message to congress.	肯尼迪总统会在第一次对国会发表的国情咨文中阐述他对一些具体问题的看法。
The election of Mary Robinson in 1990 was a watershed in Irish politics.	1990年玛丽·鲁宾逊的当选是爱尔兰政治上的一个转折点。
I just wanted to let you know I was home. 	只是告诉你我回来了。 
In an organized crime case.	一起犯罪集团的案子。
Put a hand on this.	把手放这里。
Into the federal building. 	帮我们进去。 
The chopper's got nothing on IR but us.	直升机的红外线除了我们什么都没检测到。
Knowing that climate change could shrivel their harvests, winegrowers can plan ahead, but planting for the future can be a gamble.	知道气候变化会减少他们收成的葡萄酒种植户们得以谋事在前，但为未来种植是场赌博。
What kind of changes are we talking about?	我需要改变什么？
That's why you need to stop... Will you get this? 	所以说你别……你帮我付一下帐好吗？ 
About a thing 	什么都不需担心 
Yes, please. Does the case go with it?	请吧！盒子是随着一起卖的吗？
Move appears designed to ease hurt chinese feelings after prime minister stephen harper declined to attend the spectacular opening ceremony of the beijing olympics last august.	这个动作似乎是要减轻加拿大总理斯蒂芬-哈珀拒绝参加上一年8月盛大的北京奥运会开幕式后对中国人民的感情伤害。
Yeah. He wouldn't leave. 	嗯。他不肯离开。 
She was crying about her family. 	她的家人让她很伤心。 
You were enjoying flowers in the garden	你很喜欢花园里的话
Ha ha! P. G. Out, lover boy. 	哈哈!佩加下了，坠入爱河的小可爱。 
Even when our designers produce sexy underwear they reach for french names-agent provocateur, coco de mer.	甚至我们的设计师们设计出来的性感内衣都是法国的名字密探、海椰子……
So I talked to my mom today. 	我今天跟妈妈说话来着。 
Her back's been bothering her. 	她背很疼。 
In a water evacuation, don't inflate your life vest until you're out the door, in the water and tired of swimming.	在水中疏散，在你出去前不要给你的救生衣充气。
Grab the little guy, toss him up -  Let's go. 	抓上小家伙丢上去 -  我们走。 
Not if you tell him there's nothing here to find. 	如果你告诉他这儿没什么可查的他就不会。 
don't all guys wanna do it all the time? 	所有男人不都这样吗？ 
Seeing the things makes me think of her whom I cannot forget anyway.	睹物思人，我怎么也忘不了她。
It takes you a lot longer to freeze than it does to drown!	你不会很快就冻死的但如果沉下去就死定了！
When I looked into the trigger, I realized it was because I would be tired after a long commute and food was my way of rewarding myself.	当我观察自己的这些触发点的时候，我发现这是因为长时间的路上时间让我觉得劳累，而吃东西就变成了犒劳自己的方式。
So there's no conflict of interest, and her husbandnever knew. 	所以没有利益冲突，她丈夫并不知情。 
Alright, this is the spot. It's the perfect spot right here.	好，就在这儿。这儿是完美的地点。
The solicitors are here. 	律师们已经来了。 
He gave her the pimp hand and hauled her ass out of there. 	他狠狠揍了她，然后把她拖走了。 
Isobutene for industrial use-determination of dimer of isobutene-gas chromatographic method.	工业用异丁烯中异丁烯二聚物的测定气相色谱法。
The armed forces brilliantly avoided the tragic trap of fueling a civil war, as subsequently happened in libya and is now occurring in syria with horrid human casualties.	埃及军方明智地避开了内战陷阱；随后在利比亚爆发的内战以及目前仍在继续的叙利亚内战都造成了巨大的人员伤亡。
Some people, particularly the elderly and infirm, are being "encouraged" to vacate their family homes by property agents working on behalf of unscrupulous developers.	一些人，尤其是老弱人口在代表肆无忌惮的开发商的利益的房产代理人鼓动下腾空了他们的家。
Well, she's gone, so...	呃，她已经离开了，所以...
OanOn you take the remote before my dad does?	在我爸拿到之前你先拿着遥控器吧？
L have love and compassion too. 	我也有爱和怜悯。 
In addition to being disproportionately targeted in outbreaks of religious violence, they are severely underrepresented in the country's government bureaucracy, universities and security services.	印度的穆斯林在宗教暴力冲突中经常成为袭击对象，他们在政府部门、大学和安全部门的就职机会严重偏少。
But it's not a yacht, for corporate parties and hooker disposal.	但不是公司搞派对和妓女集会的游艇。
Sensing something they could not understand, baffled and annoyed by it, the twins struggled along for a while, and then rose reluctantly, looking at their watches.	他们意识到某种难以理解的事，为此感到沮丧和不安，末了又赖着待了一会儿才看看手表，勉强站起身来。
What happens... When you're in prison.	在监狱…是什么感受。
She wasn't like that in the old house. 	在老房子里她不是那样的。 
I'm looking for Mrs, fielding, 	我来找费丁太太， 
And always, good to see you.	一如既往，很高兴见到您。
Especially you, mom. 	尤其是你啊妈妈。 
Yeah, Miranda, put dr. Bolger on. 	你好，米兰达，请接伯格医生。 
That's me in the spotlight.	或被万众瞩目。
I have not stressed in this book the many intriguing and fascinating problems in differentiation at the molecular level.	在这本书中，我没能强调许多引人入胜和富有诱惑力的分子水平的分化问题。
Under normal circumstances, this is easy to stop by keeping the ponds at room temperature with regular supplies of cool, fresh water. As a result the elaborate containment facilities around reactors designed to keep any nuclear fuel that melts down from harming the outside world are not applied to spent fuel.	通常情况下，保持池中的温度在室温左右并及时供应冷却淡水即可阻止其反应，因此反应堆周围精心设计的防护设施只是为了防止核燃料熔化后伤及周边，对乏燃料却并不适用。
Where? - the apartment.	哪里？-公寓里。
I get it. It totally won't happen again. Sorry. 	我明白了不会再有了。对不起。 
India's home minister, p chidambaram, warned that the death toll could rise further.	印务内务部长p chidambaram警告说遇难人数可能上升。
Okay, okay. Category is unnecessary expenses.	好的，好的。分类广告是不必要的开支。
They say you do not need special [ antibacteria] soap.	他们说你不需要特别的抗菌肥皂.
because if so, just say so, and I'll totally find another place. 	如果是这样，直接说，我会去另找一间公寓。 
Well microbiology and biochemistry try to study things that are common to all life. 	微生物学和生物化学试图研究生命的普遍现象。 
Get us out of here. Fuck.	我们走。操。
It's 10:00.	已经10点了。
I never sang a lullaby in my life  	我此生从未唱过摇篮曲 
But it didn't seem serious, just like a little cold. 	但它似乎并不严重，就像一个小感冒。 
Since 1992 teesside university, located in the middle of town, has more than doubled in size.	自1992年以来，坐落在市中心的梯塞德大学（teesside university），面积已扩大了一倍多。
It's just that we were doing so well, 	只是我们本来发展得很好， 
Someplace private we can talk? Yes, of course. 	我们能私下谈谈吗？当然没问题。 
I really don't think so - called relationship humor...	我真的不认为这种关系很幽默…。
He pivots, fakes, chucks the big bomb halfway down the field...	他转动，假动作，掷长传球...
I mean, I just moved. I can't move again. 	我是说，我刚搬过家，不能再搬了。 
It is not just the colombo intelligentsia that is appalled.	对此表示震惊的不只有科伦坡的知识分子。
We hear what they said and did;	我们可以听见他们的所言所行；
She's pretty stuck - up and she's a phony. 	她很自大爱骗人。 
A room with no recording devices. 	一间没有录像设备的房间。 
Governments must learn to like it.	政府必须学着喜欢这个事实。
We have hired and promoted generations of managers with robust analytical skills and poor social skills, and we don't seem to think that matters.	我们招聘和提拔了一批又一批管理者，他们有着高超的分析技能，但社交能力极差，而我们似乎认为这一点并不重要。
Boarding his campaign plane at the midway international airport in chicago, october 18, 2008.	2008年10月18日，芝加哥中途岛国际机场，奥巴马登上自己的竞选专机
Do you understand English?	你听得懂英语吗？
Should I intervene? 	我要去阻止吗？ 
But when they are treating a private patient doctors are more pushy than they are when treating an nhs patient.	但是当医生在治疗自费病人时会比治疗公费病人时更有干劲。
You have to believe me. I came into this hotel completely by chance. 	你要相信我。我到这来纯粹是偶然。 
Something more than just repairing space bridges?	不仅仅是来维修太空桥的？
She's been coming in every couple of nights,	她会连续几天晚上来这儿，
And fuck you! 	也去你的！ 
You want to have phone sex? 	你想在电话里亲密一下么？ 
Where people aren't out to hurt you. 	在那儿人们不会伤害你。 
He's framing you. 	他在陷害你。 
Hey, you know what Jimbo, fuck you, man. 	去你的，金宝。 
And takes over the leadership of the country...	掌管国家大权之前...
You called? A cockroach. 	你说呢？蟑螂。 
I know you. You have a lot more insuIt's in you, I can tell. 	我了解你。我看得出来你心里很憋屈。 
That street corner where you were waiting to kill me. 	把我引到那个街角你在那儿埋伏好了杀我。 
In time, it creates a feeling of pain. 	有时，它制造一种痛苦的感觉。 
Can you pull your hair back once?	你能把你的头发向后捋捋吗？你的头发。
Can we go right to the airport, can we back up and go?	我们就这样直接去机场，还是等他们一起再走？
It's not that I just bought the first thing I saw...	我不是没有好好选...
I got no communication with aerial. - hey, mahfouz.	我无法与基地取得联系。嘿，马弗滋。
No one has seen much of darryl since he got marred.	自从达里尔结婚以来，没有人经常看见他了。
And because of the vast economic consequences of misjudging the power balance in east asia, american business and military interests are likely to run in tandem toward a classically conservative policy of deterring china without needlessly provoking it, thereby amplifying pacom's authority.	再加上由于错误判断亚洲势力平衡可能造成巨大的经济后果，美国商业和军部都更有可能采取双面战术，而不是像以前一样一味压制，同时利用“太平洋司令部”的权威，避免无故激怒中国。
Saying "thank you" for everything you do.	为你所做的一切说谢谢。
But child welfare groups and decision-makers are now paying close attention to the exponential growth of the digital world, where children can roam out of sight of overwhelmed parents and run the risk of abuse in a global legal limbo.	但时下儿童福利组织和政策制定者们都不约而同密切注视着数字世界中儿童数量的增长，因为在这里，孩子们可能冒着法外世界活动的风险在不知所措的父母视线之外游荡。
The night's watch is a band of men, who have been guarding the South 	守夜人是在长城守卫其南边七国的军团 
Hey, thanks for your call. 	嘿，谢谢你的电话。 
Do you need me to stay and do anything 	你还需要我留下来做点什么吗 
Mcyou're lucky I let you sleep at night.	我让你每晚睡成觉已经算你走运了。
That's awesome about the egg drop. 	扔鸡蛋设计做得太棒了。 
don't worry. No one'll recognize you. You're safe now. 	别害怕没人会认出你。你现在很安全。 
If he came to the border, sheriff, 	如果他到了边界，治安官， 
Beneath that image was an equally striking commentary on the accident titled "yiyi, when you're older."	图片下方是同样醒目的有关此次事故的评论，题为《伊伊，等你长大的时候》。
And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement was made, to consecrate and to sanctify them: but a stranger shall not eat thereof, because they are holy.	他们吃那些赎罪之物，好承接圣职，使他们成圣，只是外人不可吃，因为这是圣物。
You've already sold the war. Now I'm asking you to help me sell the solution. 	你已经将战争的意义扭曲。现在我请求你和我一起制定解决方案。 
I love Toby. 	我爱托比。 
He stuck the gun through the open window and fired. 	从这扇车窗向车内开枪。 
If she doesn't learn english well, her father will be disappointed.	如果她学不好英语,她爸爸会很失望.
Otherwise, what use is time?	否则，时间何用？
About how I ne ver saw her body	关于我再也没能见她一面
If it's over 32 hours since the specimen has been infected,	假如在受试物被感染超过卅二小时后，
Okay. - Because I've had enough.	好吧。- 我已经受够了。
An environment offering security and happiness.	庇护所给予安全和快乐的环境。
Ethnology has been variously defined in different national traditions.	由于不同的民族传统,民族学有着各种不同的定义。
Oh we're both Irish your wolfhound and me.	我们都是爱尔兰来的，你的狗和我。
And I'm telling my mom. 	我要去告诉我妈妈。 
We just have to find out what he has against those two,	我们要找出他为什么和那俩人作对，
Because they sing beautifully and they tell a fascinating story. 	因为他们唱得好，他们还讲了精彩的故事。 
Can I help? Yes -  	我能效劳吗？好的 -  
Your choice today... Was perhaps the more humane one. 	你今天的选择... 也许是个仁慈之举。 
There's no dividing line with machine languages on one side and all the high-level languages on the other.	并没有一个位于机器语言和高级语言之间的分水岭。
How I've flung my partners around recently... - ah, the shame!	我们最近也在交换着舞伴..-.啊，羞耻！
Even once a viable blueprint for the structure of a seastead is produced, the technical challenges are not over.	即使一份可行的海上城市建筑蓝图设计出来了，但人们面临的技术难题远未结束。
Complimentary DVD rental 	免费提供的DVD租赁服务。 
I know there's 2. There's a government guy and another one. 	我知道有两个。一个是政府人员还有另外一个人。 
This guy's dead. At least. 	我操他妈！至少啊。 
Miss krista whips her male slave really hard.	吴克里斯塔鞭子她的男性奴隶真的很难。
According to the custom you have...	但是根据你们的风俗...
I'm planting a bug. 	我在装窃听器。 
You said yourself, ma 'am,	你自己也说了，夫人，
There are two or more different dissolvable areas by transverse section of the saturated ancient timber.	饱水古木材横切片通常显示两个或更多的不同降解区域。
I'm Giorgio perlasca. 	我是乔治•佩拉斯卡。 
The nurse said that he just keeps -  	护士说他一直 -  
Because the other guys are fake I could leave the crowd amazed	因为其他人都弱爆了叫我来让他们醒醒吧
At three separate targets. 	到3个分开的目标上。 
He's gonna be careful. 	他处事会很谨慎。 
I know these men. 	我了解这帮人。 
Mr. lee rarely treats his actresses or female characters as well as their male counterparts, but whether by design or neglect, he helps ms. foster deliver her wittiest, most relaxed performance in ages.	李导演处理女演员或是女性角色，鲜少比得上他处理男性角色，但不知出於故意还是无心，他竟帮助福斯特女士发挥她有史以来最有智慧，最挥洒自如的演出．
It was the little monk who set the trap! 	是小和尚上的夹子！ 
In the meantime, I'll make a few calls.	同时，我会打几个电话。
I 'be right home you Take care, of them, too	我很快就会回家的你好好照顾他们，拜托了
He died, and I'm jumping for him! 	他死了，我为他而跳！ 
yeah, tonight OK.	好啊，今晚没问题。
No, sir, not robots, cyborgs.	不，不是机械人，是神经机械人。
I guess I have the honor of notifying his fiancee,	我想应该我来通知他的未婚妻，
And Payson's here, too? - what are you doing? 	佩森也来了吗- 你过来干吗？ 
You will be dressed in his very armor, 	你将会穿上他的战袍， 
I mean, what's his secret? How does he do it?	我的意思是他的秘诀是什么？他怎么做到的？
People who've had cancer, who've had chemo, it matters to the doctors who are treating them. 	得过癌症的人生过淋巴瘤的人这关系到医生对救治对象的诊断。 
This data will help us better understand the proportion of people with asd who are suffering from anxiety symptoms.	这些数据将有助于我们更好的理解自闭症患者患焦虑症的比例。
Now I thought it might all stop when I moved, but here you are.	我本以为我搬了家你就不会来了，但是呃 -  你又来了。
I have the power of 12 witches. 	我拥有12名巫师的力量 
Then wouldn't I be too young?	那我不是变得太年轻了？
So I went up to her and I offered her a handkerchief, 	我就跑到她身边给了她一条手帕， 
Well, that's pretty much what we talked about on the phone. 	嗯，电话里实在不适合谈这事。 
Move, you'll get us nabbed.	走阿,你会让我们被抓的.
She called the article,' the son never rises.	她给文章取的名字就是“从未抬头的儿子。
I just love being right so much.	我真喜欢正确的感觉。
The boy is back. First of two, baby! 	他回来了。中了第一场，宝贝！ 
On conservative blogs, many of the commenters echoed beck's views.	在一些保守观点的博客中，许多评论家回应了beck的观点。
Ahh, you little monster.	啊，你这个小怪物。
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Fox Creek will be on the left. 	仙狐贝斯特韦斯特优质酒店将会在左侧。 
I'm looking at the front of Brunel's engine shed. 	我展望布鲁内尔的火车大棚的正门。 
You were so right about Jewish men. 	你对于犹太男人的观点太对了。 
Even in india the spring harvest should help quell wholesale-price inflation.	在印度，春季的收成能够适当缓和批发价格的上涨。
Hey, so, I heard you found some algae	嘿，所以，听说你找到了一些海藻
If the spell has been cast in the previous 48 hours, the witch's skin turns blue. 	如果咒语在48小时内实施，女巫的皮肤会变成蓝色。 
When really you're just a Po little misunderstood car thief who owns a chop shop, right? 	但其实是误会你只是个偷车来重装贩卖的小贼？ 
I bet if I looked around hard enough, I could probably find one just like it. 	如果我好好找一找说不定能找到一个类似的。 
I just - The amount I see when I board an aircraft  	只是 - 每次我登机所看到的场景。 
Private table? A couple. A couple hands.	私人赌桌？几手就几手。
You're not as stupid as I thought. 	你没有我想像的那么笨 
They mistranslated it on purpose.	他们故意曲解了原话。
Can I go see him? Best not. He's sleeping now. 	我能进去看看他吗？最好别。他刚睡。 
There are remnants of a subdural hematoma just abovethe right ear.	右耳上有硬膜下血肿残留。
Talking about the one from your home town, knucklehead. The meat man.	我说的是和你同乡的那个蠢货，那位外号。卖肉的。
I empathize with you dr weir.	weir博士，我和你有同感。
Are you wearing your dog tag, Herr Kolnas? 	你带着你的名字牌玛了没，赫柯纳斯？ 
I'm only worried that one of your attackers is still out there.	我担心的只是攻击你的人之一很可能还逍遥法外。
Mr. panetta said the new strategy aims to cut about four hundred eighty-seven billion dollars over ten years.	帕内塔先生说，新战略旨在未来十年内削减大约4870亿美元。
Before a Senate lntelligence Committee. 	参议院情报委员会之前已出庭作证。 
At higher frequencies, the cavitation bubbles are smaller, and although the cavitation implosions are individually less intense there are more of them.	在较高的频率，空化气泡越来越小，虽然是个别的空化风暴，那么激烈有更多的人。
Now over to our commentator at the city hall who will set the scene.	现在听我们市政厅的解说员讲解，他将做现场解说。
Oh, no! Oh, dear, no! 	当然不知道！ 
Alas, our journey round little Britain is at an end.	唉，我们环绕小不列颠的旅行也要结束了。
Because I'm not only a little high, I'm higher than a kite.	因为我不是一点点高，我现在比风筝还高。
If it were easy, I have sent. 	很容易离开就不派我来了。 
You ever played the point?	你以前当过控球后卫吗？
They say footage from the patrol car video camera shows trooper calvin jenks trying to get the 2 men out of their car.	当局称，巡逻车内的摄像机内的胶片显示当时骑警凯文正试图让这两名男性下车。
How long have your dad and I been partners?	你父亲和我做搭档有多久了？
With a return address that says sing sing. 	你该如何引起其他人的注意并倾听你的遭遇。 
I didn't show him my mole, mother. I showed him my face.	我又没给他看我的痣，妈妈。只是让他看脸。
If I don't stop him. They'll die!	如果我不阻止他,他们就得死!
Well, if I didn't know better, I would think we were almost friends.	我想咱俩算是朋友了吧。
Case report: acute haemorrhagic presentation of trigeminal neuroma.	病例报告：急性出血介。
It's the wrong word right now.	当前，“希望”是个错误的词。
Screaming, crying, vomit, other bodily fluids...	尖叫哭闹呕吐还有各种体液...
Stay out ofthis. don't shame me any more than you already have. 	别插手这件事。你已经令我够难堪的了。 
Don't let your energy cap out.	别让你的能量糜掷掉。
Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.	诸多主义、学说都像是玻璃窗格：通过它我们可以看见真理，但它却把我们与真理分隔开来。
Airport car, 24 hours, nominal fee, book airport courtesy shuttle via front desk in advance. 	机场班车，24小时，象征性收费，提通过前台提前预定机场班车。 
I didn't know this is what I'd signed up for.	我不知道我要来这样的家庭。
And if you want to get all up in this, I expect to be fed. 	如果你要得到满足的话得先把我喂饱了。 
Him sounding like a ghost.	在放那鬼叫的声音。
Without a lot of furniture or customized safes,	家具不多也没有安防系统，
Tennis masters cup-shanghai 2007-shanghai qizhong forest sports city tennis center.	2007网球大师杯赛-上海旗忠森林体育城网球中心-网上订票。
That means different approaches to three elements: the opposition, the government and aid.	这意味着用不同方法来处理三要素：对手、政府和援助。
Right now, it's summer in the northern hemisphere because the northern part of earth is tilted most toward the sun.	目前北半球将是夏天，因为地球的北边趋于向太阳倾斜。
There's a priest of a sort waiting for us at Tver.	在图尔瓦有一个牧师等着我们。
That's how toxic she is.	她现在就有这么毒。
It's been two days. Bobbie.	已经两天了。芭比。
Me, her biggest fan. Right. 	我她最忠诚的粉丝。没错。 
Blubbering for his girlfriend. 	使他女人哭泣。 
So what are we supposed to do? 	你想让我们干什么？ 
Straying too close, Jupiter's Herculean gravity... 	偶然的太靠近，木星巨大的引力… 
Oh, honey. I'm good.	不，宝贝。我没事。
I'll meet you upstairs. Sure thing. 	我在楼上等你。没问题。 
I'll swing in, you're moving . 	我掩护你，跟着行动。 
Now, you'll remember where it is.	现在，你记的在哪里了。
Palace dress is the dress for.	宫装就是宫廷里宫女穿的服装。
Hi, I think I'm early. 	嗨，我来早了吗。 
Whatever formal guarantees of immunity and institutional prerogatives assad might eke out of the process, his acute political vulnerability will make it very risky for him to linger very long in a free syria.	不管阿萨德勉强得到什么形式的豁免或是官方特权，他脆弱而敏感的政治形态让他在一个自由的叙利亚继续逗留变得风险很高。
All right, sir. All right.	好的，阁下。好的……
The streetlights in different neighborhoods two hours before sunrise. 	关掉不同街区的路灯。 
He can find his way anywhere. 	他在哪儿都能找到路。 
I might as well tell you 	师父，我坦白告诉你 
I was on a sort of a get - my - head - together 	我有点想要重整士气 
That I want more sausage... What are we talking about?	我想再要点香肠...我们在讨论什么呢？
To arrange for a delayed embedding. 	是世界上最简单的事。 
Boston has long been the shining example.	波士顿在这方面也一直是杰出的典范。
It takes 869 gallons of water to produce a third of a pound of beef, about enough for a large hamburger.	而仅仅是制作一个大汉堡所需的三分之一磅牛肉，就需要消耗掉869加仑的水。
Wow, you are a real humanitarian, you know that?	哇，你可真是够仁慈的啊，你知道吗？
Wait. You're not going out there?	等等。你不是要出去吧？
A jewish matron falls in love with a japanese widower.	一个犹太护士长跌倒在爱与日本鳏夫。
Oh, no. It's really not a big deal. 	哦，不。这也没啥大不了的。 
Yeah, we know what you're going through and we know how to help, 	是的，我们知道你们的境况我们通晓如何应对， 
How do I do it?	我该怎么做？- ？
Been this self-conscious, good little girl 	是个乖乖小女孩 
Hey, we got you covered, guy. 	嘿，我们帮你，伙计。 
I never called her back. The underwear kind of freaked me out.	我可不想招惹她。那内衣把我吓坏了。
It's too late. People will laugh at me 	太迟了，人们会笑话我 
I brought something special for you. 	我给你留了点惊喜呢。 
When out of the river there came up seven cows, fat and sleek, and they grazed among the reeds.	有七只母牛从河里上来，又肥壮又美好，在芦荻中吃草。
It's only fair that a son should 	儿子得看看老爸的工作成果啊 
I'm going to go in your pockets and see if I can find your name. 	我要看看你的口袋看能不能发现你的身份。 
I swear, I'm never betting with you again, Spencer.	我发誓，我再也不和你打赌了，斯宾塞。
Well, we searched everywhere else.	呃，咱们已经找过其他所有的地方。
Mr. Mayor, friends, 	市长先生，朋友们， 
Hey! I grew up with brothers, but I got no problem hitting a girl. 	嘿！我是和兄弟们一起长大的，但打女孩儿可不成问题。 
That the rude sea grew civil at her song.	在她的歌声中狂暴的海也渐渐平静。
I"II watch your star shine ever more brightly in the heavens. 	从天堂俯瞰你们风光更加美好。 
They share a spice palette.	吃起来都辣辣的。
Right, a regular conversation like this.	是呀，就象我们俩这样。
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Walkerton East Ridge Hotel is on your left.?From: Kitchener. 	贝斯特韦斯特沃克顿东岭优质酒店就在您的左手边。出发地：基奇纳。 
A senior aerospace executive with knowledge of the situation said china was clearly "flexing its muscles" and that the sanctions threat would be felt most by boeing.	了解情况的一名航空航天业高管表示，中国显然在“展示实力”，在面对制裁威胁的美国公司中，波音将感受到最大压力。
I just had to prove that going green 	我要证明更环保的项目 
Net business district staff vetted or admissibility users report found, will be by telephone or e-mail promptly inform you, ask you to clarify the facts and to delete all of this information.	地区商务网网工作人员经过审核或者受理用户举报发现后，将会及时通过电话或者邮件方式知会您，要求您澄清事实，并暂时删除所有这些信息。
You can't help him anymore. He's gone. 	你帮不了他了。他已经死了。 
Objective to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy and safety of transcatheter bilateral iliac arterial perfusion chemotherapy for invasive bladder cancer.	结论经导管双侧髂内动脉灌注化疗治疗浸润性膀胱癌有效、安全。
Can I drive the car back? I'm broken. 	我能开车回去吗？我快散架了。 
All right, cool. Let's do this thing.	好的，酷。我们动手吧。
Kind of a peripheral connection to the group.	他算是这个小组的外围人员吧。
Yes, sometimes for hours. He would make face if I stop.	对，有时候一摸就几个小时。如果我不摸的话他还会做鬼脸。
I'm an ass hat. 	我是混蛋。 
You see, it unclogs everything,	你知道么，那堵住了所有东西，
It could have caused a satellite to shift,	会引起卫星偏移，
Businesses that are more open to hiring men out of the Correctional system. 	愿意聘请有前科者的商家。 
Has he warned you that he often suffers from insomnia? 	他有没有提醒过你他经常失眠？ 
I missed you at school. - I'll race you to the house. 	我在学校时很想你。-我们赛跑到房子去。 
In 1999 the british economist predicted a bursting of the dotcom bubble, and in his 2003 book, money for nothing, he forecast a worldwide crash in housing that would prove dire for the financial system.	1999年，这位英国经济学家成功地预测了互联网泡沫的破裂，后来在2003年出版的《金钱无用》（Money for Nothing）一书中又预言，全球范围内的房地产崩盘将对金融系统造成灾难性的打击。
Enjoy the complimentary breakfast complete with hot waffles, sweet pastries, fresh fruit, cereal and 100% Arabica coffee are all on deck. 	露台上享受免费的早餐，包括热华夫饼、甜糕点、新鲜水果、谷类食品和100％阿拉比卡咖啡。 
Look at you, looking older. How are you?	看你，又长大了不少啊。最近好么？
Can you tell the court what that mark is on the lampshade?	你能否告诉法庭灯罩上的印记是什么？
Who liked the truth was never bored alone. 	他渴求那未曾揭示的真相。 
Or should I call him the king who lost the North? 	我是不是该改口称您为失去北境之王？ 
Responding to a 10-11, 149th and Cordova.	对149大道近科尔多瓦街的10 - 11做出响应。
You want to see it? The raft? 	你想看我的木筏吗？ 
I have no time for this. 	我没有时间听你解释。 
I swear on my kids, it's got nothing to do with that.	我拿小孩发誓，没那回事。
I was going to the crime lab	我去犯罪实验室
I know I must seem rather traditional 	我知道我看起来非常传统 
Just because Miss Taylor is married.	就呆在家里不出门。
I think it makes total sensethat fez ended up with Jackie.	我觉得菲斯与杰姬搞一块了很合情合理。
But our work with rabbits has been extraordinary. 	但在这些兔子的成就是非比寻常的。 
Of all I survey	∮对所有我所俯视之物∮
Much of what she says we cannot make out 	从她可怜的嘴唇里说了那么多 
Alexander hamilton described the progressive accumulation of debt as "perhaps the natural disease of all governments."	亚历山大哈密尔顿认为债务的逐步积累“或者是所有国家的自然通病”。
can't we just forget about what happened?	可要是我们都忘记过去呢？
Is it true what I've heard? 	我听说的都是真的吗？ 
Tonight l. M going out. L have a date. 	今晚我要外出，我有个约会。 
L was distracted! It can happen! 	我分神了！常有的事！ 
You're going to have to be quicker. 	你出拳得快些。 
In the morning, join other guests at the full breakfast of hot food, waffles, tea, 100% Arabica coffee, juice, fresh fruit, oatmeal and pastries. 	早上加入其他客人的行列，享受丰盛早餐：热食、华夫饼、茶、100%阿拉比卡咖啡、果汁、新鲜水果、谷类食品和燕麦片。 
Of course, you want to marry an officer 	当然了，你想当官太太嘛 
Sometimes you just remove the thorn. 	有时你只要除掉荆棘即可。 
Mm, that's where you're wrong. 	嗯，这你就错了。 
Alright, your turn 	好啦，该你了 
Easy. don't let me fall.	别紧张。别让我掉下去。
Now, I will give you good hard cash for any jewelry,	我可以把你们的珠宝换成钱，
There are tampons hidden all over the apartment. 	卫生棉藏的到处都是。 
Are you expecting her to come over? 	你希望她过来？ 
People can't think of us as a project manager, professor, attorney, insurance agent, editor and entrepreneur all at exactly the same time.	人们不能同时将我们认为是项目经理、教授、律师、保险经纪人、编辑和创业家等等全部。
Switch to targeting computer.	启动瞄准电脑。
Take all of those. They're your collection. 	把这些全带走吧。它们是你的收藏。 
I thought I could see my future for the first time.	我想我能第一次预见到我的未来。
I know you'd like to say my religion is against women. 	我知道你想听到我说我的信仰歧视女性。 
What happened to your thumb?	你的大拇指怎么了？
But nothing from Zee beyond what good manners demanded.	但芝却没有礼节性的同他告别。
Meet me tonight. The warehouse in Cherokee.	晚上切诺基仓库见。
I'll mull it downstairs over poker. 	在楼下打扑克的时候我会考虑的。 
Didn't you say that's your dream?	你不是说过，这是你一生的梦想吗？
On go the glasses, out of my pocket comes a magnifier.	带上眼镜，我从口袋中拿出一个放大镜。
She has three dragons.	她有三条龙。
Safe enough for you.	为你做这次事故的解说。
Which means everything else has to speed up. 	意思是其它事物都得加紧脚步了。 
Second place went to smart diaphragm, a wireless system for women with high-risk pregnancies.	亚军授予了smart diaphragm，这是一个针对高危孕妇的无线系统。
I find your strong attachment 	我觉得你对错误民主制度的强烈支持 
It's a common hormonal side effect. 	它是荷尔蒙的一种常见副作用。 
Do you know that? You've ruined it.	你知不知道？是你毁了我。
Yeah, yeah. Besides, it's gonna be depressing. 	是的，是的。再说了，这有点让人压抑。 
Like it feels like someone's taking the Michael... 	好像是谁在开玩笑....... 
Because we'll need them to.	因为我们需要他们
B. ben: a puppet fairy tale to be continued.	半点家族：未完待续的布偶童话。
We can't identify a dead girl, my nephew is moving to Texas with a strawberry,	我们无法确认女被害人的身份，我的侄子要跟一个草莓去德克萨斯，
That's what I'm saying, he's got what he wants. 	我就是这个意思，他已经得到他想要的了。 
Friends of mine, husband and wife, once argued over the price of a branded packet of lemon slices bought at some convenient corner shop or petrol station.	有一次，我朋友俩口子围绕在街边便利店或加油站购买的一包品牌柠檬片价格展开了争论。
They're donating 10,000 bucks to some "neuter your dog and cat" group, 	捐上个1万给那些" 阉了你的猫和狗”， 
Where are my wife and daughter? 	我太太和女儿在哪里？ 
Or insulted your bosoms. They're lovely. 	也不该侮辱你的胸部。你的胸部很美。 
Scratch this and you'll find they need a dope here for a couple of months. 	别写这个你会发现他们需要一个笨蛋待在这里两个月。 
Article twenty-four sepa formulates the technical document categories, measures of registration management and relevant regulations of eia.	第二十四条环境影响评价的技术文件种类、登记管理办法及相关规定由环保总局另行制定。
I know when you've been naughty.	你不乖的时候我都知道。
In any case, she won't get far.	无论如何，她跑不远的。
The 11 rules of usage and composition are extremely valuable and something that every potential writer should take note of.	关于用法和组成的11条法则尤其有价值，每一个有潜力的作家都应该要记下来。
I don't think you need any help looking good, you know it.	我觉得你不需任何打扮都够靓仔了，你知道的。
Well, who can turn down an invitation like that?	好吧，真是盛情难却？
Bowen hotel cordially welcomes you!	宝瑞酒店真诚的欢迎您的光临！
Why not? I already lifted it in my mind. 	当然？他在我脑子里已经一丝不挂了。 
And the ice is finished	曲棍球冰面就完成了
When l wanted to be a writer, my father went berserk. 	当我决定要做一个作家的时候，我的父亲简直要暴走了。 
That's probably just monopoly money for you, isn't it? 	对你来说湿湿碎是吧？ 
And movement potential reduces electric field force the moving charges suffered in the electric field.	运动电势使运动电荷在电场中受到的电场力减小了。
Now just a second. 	一转眼你就这样。 
We must let him rest. 	你需要即刻休息。 
What do you call? Gabriel	你叫什么？加百利
Four, when opening a door exit 	四，打开安全门 
She left the theatre, hotly pursued by the press.	她离开剧院时被新闻记者紧追不舍.
You can reveal alternatives that will present new potentials for understanding and action but even with the vibrational shifts, new energies, ascension and transformation, karma is still at work and soul contracts are being fulfilled.	你能够显示出不同的愿景来创造新的潜力去觉知和行动，但是除非与振动的转变，新的能量，提升和转型，要不“业力”依然在工作，灵魂的合同也要被履行。
But how many is too many men? 	但是多少才算是太多？ 
So you and I are going to perform a full backup, reinitialize and then reinstall all my operating systems. 	所以咱俩来搞个完整备份，把盘都格掉再把所有系统重装一遍。 
As you Haven't shown your stuff so far	因为到现在你们没有货拿出来
Shh, we still gotta sneak you out. Come on. 	嘘，我们得偷偷出去来。 
Day after tomorrow. In the morning.	后天。早晨。
Even my son ran away from the village, 	我儿子也从村里跑出来了， 
My broadcast blowing that guy up...	我的广播信号让那人爆炸...
I have many things to do, so this will be brief. Yes?	有很多事得处理，我就长话短说，好吗？
The competition's a lot stiffer. 	一轮一轮的比赛看起来要更麻烦一些。 
To them, the calendar is a perpetual cycle, there's no beginning or end, it's a circle. 	对他们来说，日历是一个无休止的循环，无始无终。 
I'd say you're coming out pretty much ahead.	你的劣迹远比我的多得多。
I mean your wife, your daughter. The divorce, the affair...	我的意思是你的妻子，女儿，还有离婚，外遇。。。
I'm tearing off just like my mama!	像妈妈一样逃走！
I work for pendant publishing. This is our book. 	我为庞丹特出版社工作。这是我们的书。 
I'm done reading about heroes. I wanna be one.	我看够了英雄故事。我要成为英雄。
Yeah, my old man's in rehab. He could tear through a phone book. 	是啊，我家老头子在康复期能撕了电话本。 
We saw her go down.	我看到她给丧尸扑倒了。
If you're gonna do it, you're gonna do itby my rules. 	如果是就按我的规则来。 
I married her. Right. 	我娶了她，好了。 
This'll take half a second. Could you tell me.	这只耽误你半分锺，你能告诉我。
Of course, if the obama administration achieves its stated goal of passing carbon cap and trade legislation, epa regulations might be superseded-and even deep greens generally prefer congressional action to federal fiat.	当然，如果奥巴马政府实现了其既定目标，通过了碳帽和贸易立法epa的规章有可能被取代就算是深绿阵营的人大体上也比较喜欢国会的行动超过联邦法令。
There's more impediments to learning than a lack of materials.	学校的障碍远不止教材短缺。
If having things turn out the way you wanted them to	如果一切如你所愿
Private, like? 	偷偷地见？ 
How many sick days do you think we can 	你认为我们可以请几天病假 
I hear you don't drive. - uh.	我听说你不开车。- 嗯。
Get off the rocks! 	从石头上下来！ 
The darkness of night, like pain, is dumb, the darkness of dawn, like peace, is silent.	夜之黑暗，宛如痛苦般喑哑无声；黎明的黑暗，宛如和平般缄默不语。
I wanted to stop by and give you my condolences. 	只是想过来向你表达我的哀悼。 
Because the idea is you've got all these Spanish refugees from 	因为不管西班牙内战难民也好 
Of course. I've actually been expecting you to come by.	当然。事实上我一直期待你的来访。
The Xuzhou magistrate. Coward 	徐州太守。胆小鬼 
I'm gonna get a nice polish man out in the morning. 	我明早还是找个波兰人来吧。 
Well, your brother's choices aren't your fault. 	你兄弟的选择并非你的错。 
In late january, guidewire software ( gwre), which offers web-based software for insurers, raised$ 116 million in an offering that listed its shares at$ 13 a share.	1月末，专为保险公司提供基于网络软件的Guidewire软件公司（Guidewire Software）上市募得了1.16亿美元，发行价为每股13美元。
hey, there he is. 	嘿，他来了。 
He's all right.we just ran into some problems.	他没事.我们遇到了点麻烦.
don't disappear, all right?	别走开，好吗？
He always lies. 	他总是撒谎。 
Thirty-two people have died during an ongoing heat wave in brazil.	热浪持续袭击巴西，已经死亡32人。
I visualized you in a haze, 	我有点看不懂你， 
Better than the bachelor.	比单身汉好多了。
To explain why you are the way you are? 	你才会变这样？ 
don't we, honey? Mm - hmm. Yes.	对吧，亲爱的？嗯。没错。
cause it was like all the "hi, how are yous" 	就像来打招呼 “喂，你怎样” 
Just on the phone with your dad. 	我正在和你爸打电话。 
You're gonna give yourself worry lines, not that anyone could see them under that canopy of bangs. 	你这样会长皱纹的本来被你那浓密刘海盖住不是人人都能看到的。 
And what was she doing there? 	她在那里干嘛？ 
Most of the papers didn't even bother reporting it.	大多数报纸甚至懒得去报道这件事。
Then we're stupid and we'll die.	我们太笨了，我们会死的。
A new feeling, a new h0riz0n... 	新的感受，新的地平线.... 
Hotel Bar, on premises, bar/lounge, Continental, open for: lunch, dinner 	酒店酒吧，酒店内，酒吧/酒廊，欧式风味，营业范围：午餐、晚餐。 
I'm the guy. This is the guy. This is the guy. 	我就是那个家伙。就是这个家伙。就是这个家伙。 
And you only want to put things in it that are natural. 	你只能把天然的东西放入体内。 
You're wanted for questioning in connection to the death of Fiona Raine.	你与菲奥娜·蕾茵的死有关请协助调查。
However, the result's of the SAE kit on the female victim showed two semen donors.	当然，女性死者强奸检查的结果有两种精液。
You'll figure out how to keep that covered. 	你知道怎么能把它隐藏起来。 
To learn the language.	学这门语言。
His honor would be threatened in the presence of someone with so much moral fiber.	他身上的荣誉会给一些人以压力。
I don't mind him 	我不在乎他 
Because for the first time, 	因为你的家人首次来到现场， 
She thought you made me. Smart girl. 	她觉得我被你掳获了。聪明。 
I could be traveling. I could be touching monkeys in Mnemba. Mnemba?	我可以去旅行。我可以去摸森给巴尔的猴子森给巴尔？
Why do you think I hated you so much for what you did to me? 	为什么你认为我这么恨你是因为你对我做过的事？ 
The very place where your people ended my life as I knew it. 	据我所知这正是你们终结了我的生命的地方。 
If you require further information, you should consult the registrar.	如果需要进一步了解信息，请咨询教务主任。
It was like heaven on earth for him. 	对他来说就像天堂一样。 
So I had heard. 	我有所耳闻的。 
He says: "the first priority of my unpaid leave is to recharge the batteries... I'm also hoping that my month off coincides with some rather nice summer sun."	他表示：“我无薪休假的首要任务是养精蓄锐……我还希望，休假的这1个月内会有一些明媚的夏日阳光。”
Other stories are frankly bizarre: the crunch is alleged to have given a fillip to sales of cake, wooden "gravestones", west end musicals and tickets to see the film mamma mia!	坦率的来讲，其它报道则很奇怪：有人声称经济危机刺激了蛋糕、木制墓碑、伦敦西区音乐剧和《妈妈咪呀》（mamma mia）电影票的销售。
He wanted to know if I could possibly have made a mistake 	他想知道我是否有可能认错了 
You know, it really helps to have someone here we can work with.	你知道，在这里有个可以合作的人对我们有很大帮助。
But you don't have a single penny in your pocket.	可是口袋里却没有一分钱。
Well, I love you. 	别哭，我也爱你。 
Mr lam's wife was an investor in the fund.	林嘉辉的妻子是该基金的一名投资者。
Thousands, you know what I do. 	数千，你知道我做的。 
We are proud of that we have brought flavorful products to chinese consumers.	我们为中国消费者带来了多彩多“滋”的调味品而感到自豪。
But guess who cleans up his crap. 	但你猜谁给它扫狗屎。 
The beginnings of wild stories, foolish theories. 	别人会以为我的学说荒谬愚蠢。 
Correlation between north pacific oscillation and esat asian summer monsoon.	北太平洋涛动与东亚夏季风的相关研究。
Or guys. Could be multiple guys.	或者是一群人可能是团伙。
When last time you told me my personality was fading, 	因为上一次你说我没个性， 
Can I ask you something.	我能向您打听个事吗？
don't give her a line like you don't remember. 	别跟她说你不记得了。 
Two-thirds of the people living in the solomon islands are either subsistence fishermen or farmers.	所罗门群岛上，三分之二的居民不是靠打渔就是靠种地为生。
Well, shit. I'll try anything once. 	当然，好。话不说两遍。 
Why did you use that particular grid structure on the website you are reviewing?	为什么你要在正在检阅的网站用某个特定的网格结构？
When people in developing countries worry about migration, they are usually concerned at the prospect of their best and brightest decamping to silicon valley or to hospitals and universities in the developed world.	而发展中国家担心移民，则通常考虑的是，他们最优秀的人才流入了硅谷，或是发达国家的一些医院和大学。
Stands the oldest continuously occupied Christian monastery in the world.	就坐落在这片沙漠的深处穆斯林世界的中心。
I love it when you drink. 	我喜欢你喝酒的样子。 
Hunger of the mind can be actually satiated through extensive reading.	事实上，思维的饥荒可以通过广泛的阅读来满足。
This 42 piece dinner service will get you completely smashed because it is made with 20 kilograms of cocaine.	这42件套餐具会让人血本无归，因为它们藏有20公斤可卡因。
How localized are the social benefits of education.	教育的社会效益地方化的程度如何。
Commitment to school-age children in primary education compulsory task.	承担适龄儿童小学义务教育任务。
You know miss esther summerson?	你认识埃丝特萨默森小姐?
You're almost able - bodied. Actually, I'm feeling a lot better. 	你几乎属于" 身强力壮" 了。事实上，我感觉好多了。 
My exboyfriend snuck up on me once, 	我前男友有次吓唬我， 
Eh... Is this our fault... 	哦... 难道是我们的错... 
Soon - Yi? She's not there? 	小纯？她不是在你那里吗？ 
Pursues the specializedquality, the service, the standard defends honestly, is being diligentand thrifty, the practical road.	追求专业品质、务，格守着正直、俭、实之道。
You want to keep your money and your freedom. 	你又想要钱又想要自由。 
Coming from beijing or shanghai, stay at 2200 meters in xining, qinghai, and make day trips to monasteries at increasingly higher elevations, before taking the train to lhasa, elevation 3700 meters.	来自北京和上海的游客可以先到海拔2200米的西宁，先在那里游览海拔更高一些的寺庙，然后再乘火车到海拔3700米的拉萨。
They can't get through enemy air defenses over the city.	他们无法穿过敌人防空到市区上空。
The man with the golden gun.	那个拥有金手枪的人。
Alejandro agreed that when discussing his company with our closest friends and family, he will be more transparent and upbeat when the news warrants it.	亚历杭德罗同意，今后在与好友和家人谈论公司情况时，会基于事实讲得更清楚和乐观一些。
That's right, 'cause you both have to get up early for your work.	对啊，你们两个明天还要早起上班呢。
I like the way he just assumes we'll listen to him when he doesn't take in a word anyone else says!	我讨厌他自以为我们都爱听他讲话的那副样子，而他自己却听不进任何人说的话。
In many ways this money-laundering would be a clever wheeze.	在很多方面这样的洗钱都是明智之举。
Oh, my God! You're a piece of work, you know that? 	天哪！你真是很难管，知道吗？ 
His name's Dr. Jacobs, and I'd say that he's definitely... 	他是雅各布医生，他肯定... 
Because to me you've never seemed so lighthearted. 	因为我你似乎从来没有这么开心过。 
This new D.A. Came in, started cleaning house, 	新的地方检察官走进来开始清理人员， 
It's been around for thousands of years, whereas paper currencies come and go.	黄金已存在几千年了，而纸币则经历了兴衰更替。
She tried to give me the "it's not you, it's me" routine. 	她想对我说“不是你的问题，是我”。 
You'll only be able to read that map	你只有停止否认自我
In Buddhism there is no God.	佛教中没有上帝。
What is this? Action man? 	什么？西部牛仔？ 
I - I am going to stay single until I find the right guy, 	找到真命天子前我打算就单身了， 
But maybe we'd be better off just being friends.	但是我想，我们最好还是做朋友。
My parents threw me out when I was 1 3 because I was a lesbian Ian. 	我父母在我13岁的时候丢弃了我因为我是女同性恋伊恩。 
He wanted me to come with him. 	他想让我和他一起走。 
She came up to me at school, completely out of nowhere, 	她突然到学校来找我，毫无预兆地， 
Room (25 square meters) with twin beds, desk, sitting area, fan, heating, carpeted, shower, hairdryer, free toiletries, toilet, bathroom, bathtub or shower, pay-per-view channels, telephone, fax, radio, cable channels, flat-screen TV. 	客房为25平米，有小床、桌子、休息区、风扇、暖气、地毯、淋浴、吹风机、免费洗漱用品、卫生间、浴室、浴缸或淋浴、按次计费频道、电话、传真、收音机、有线频道、平板电视。 
How proud I am of her, 	我有多为她骄傲， 
He's playing with you. He's followed the story through the papers, 	他在玩你。他透过报纸知道消息， 
don't you let that touch me. I'm gonna get him out of here.	别让它碰到我。我会把它扔出去的。
I feel like a beached whale.	我象个搁浅的鲸鱼。
I'd like to have seen her just once more,	我很想再见到她起码见一次，
So you're saying our killer has metal balls? 	所以你是说凶手身上带着金属珠？ 
Nineteen adults learned to match those names and shades in 5 sessions over 3 days, a total of an hour and 48 minutes.	十九个成年人花了三天，五个课程，总共一小时48分钟学会了将这些色调和名字匹配起来。
I know you're from a rich family. 	我知道你家里有钱。 
Nice try, dragging your kid in here 	不错的想法啊，把孩子带来 
Franklin and bash want to pack it in.	弗兰克林和巴什就会打退堂鼓。
He's temp's still 96.8, chief. 	他的体温还是96.8华氏度，主任。 
You just failed to mention it? 	你就一点没跟我提过这事？？ 
You have run roughshod over this office for 20 years. That's over. 	你已经压迫这个部门20年了，现在结束了。 
Yeah? You're so ready to be drilled. 	嗯？你已经准备好受死了。 
Heard you were...Moving to Montana? 	我听说你要…调去蒙大拿了？ 
Hey! What - what are you - 	喂！你在干什么- 
like the night 	像夜里 
The leadership has arranged for her to attend the meting.	领导上安排她去参加会议。
Just another picture to burn 	另一张要燃掉的照片 
I want to go see -  	我要去看 -  
The first step to instrumenting an application with tracing is to create a trace source.	使用跟踪检测应用程序的第一步是创建跟踪源。
What are you doing? - have n't you read the hardy boys? 	你在干什么？- 你没读过哈迪男孩吗？ 
That train must have weighed more than one thousand kilos!	那列火车想必重一千多千克。
A blessing will be on your basket and on your bread-basin.	你的筐子和你的抟面盆都必蒙福。
A troll blocks your passage. 	半路杀出个食人魔。 
would you cut me in for a sIice? You want a slice of the pee?	你能把我砍成两半吗？你想变成小便一样的片吗？
I just got a call from new York. They offered me network. 	我刚刚接到纽约打来的电话。他们让我做网路的工作。 
Oh, yeah. There you go.	对，好了。
If you pay, you'll live to see another day.	付了钱，你就能多活一天。
At the firehouse, but, um, I'll see you tomorrow night at 7:00.	我该去消防站，做志愿者，嗯，我们明晚7点见。
Ashley. Areas of expertise? 	他的拿手好戏？ 
Write your wills, say your goodbyes. Tomorrow it's done. 	写下你的心愿，向世人告别吧。一切已成定局。 
If someone told the dragons about me, 	如果有人向金龙帮泄密， 
Too guilty to return. 	心虚不敢回来。 
Assign the proceeds of this standby letter of credit, or any attempt by a third party to perfect a security interest in, or otherwise encumber, this standby letter of credit, must be acknowledged an agreed in writing by the applicant.	受益人任何分配这个信用证收益的请求，第三方企图改善担保权益或相反，阻碍担保权益，这个信用证必须由申请人承认并书面赞同。
Our king bed oversized whirlpool suites located in the Gretzky wing have a relaxing and romantic appeal, offering a spacious workspace, refrigerator and microwave.  This room boasts wine glasses, comfy bath robes and aromatic bath salts. 	我们的特大床超大旋涡浴套房位于Gretzky wing，具有轻松和浪漫的外观，提供有宽敞的工作区、冰箱和微波炉。该房间配备有酒杯、舒适的浴衣和芳香浴盐。 
I didn't know I had a choice. You're the one who told me	我不知道自己还有选择余地啊
But none that would touch my son.	但没有会动我儿子的仇人。
As you start to get closer to the finished item, 	你越来越接近完成时， 
Yeah, mom. I took something 	是的妈妈我是磕了点东西 
Fast hands, faster mouth.	手很快，嘴更快。
Look, you've been unconscious	听着，你曾经失去意识
All I know is I lost 800 bucks.	我只知道我亏了800块。
Oh, well, maybe if I was a dog you'd be nice to me. 	如果我是条狗，说不定你对我还好点。 
Right here. One scene, all happening under one roof.	就在这儿。一个地方，能办成所有的事。
Yeah, that sums up your entire problem.	对，你的问题就在这儿。
Charles schumer, a prominent democratic senator, has inveighed against it, claiming it is just what drug dealers have been waiting for.	杰出的民主党参议员查尔斯斯舒默强烈抗议反对比特币，称这正是毒品交易者所期待的。
I loved you so much that when I got to come back for you, I thought...	以至于我不得不回来时，我以为...
Now, why didn't I think of that? - sorry. 	为什么我没有想到呢？- 抱歉。 
Holy shit. You are unbelievable.	你真他妈不可思议。
I'm going to go home and count my money. Leave me alone. 	我要回家数钱去。别烦我。 
But some bank-watchers speculate that the companies are still able to profit from their clients through so-called "flow-prop" or the practice of using client "flows" of orders to offset the bank's own cost of funding or help it make money in other ways.	但据一些银行业观察人士猜测，银行仍能通过所谓的“交易流支撑”（flow-prop）机制从客户身上获利即利用来自客户的“交易命令流”抵消银行自身的资金成本或者帮助其通过其他方式赚取利润。
Separately? Ask you man come and pay for it.	各付各的？叫你那凯子来付吧。
To appreciate it at its best, visit in the early evening.	最佳观赏时间是傍晚。
Winning new Hampshire, California, new York and Michigan.	以压倒性优势拿下了，新罕布什尔加州，纽约州和密歇根州。
All those memories, and for what?	可这些回忆，有什么用呢？
What shall we do with you, eh?	我们该怎么处置你？
All those letters and all those words, 	所有这些信和所有这些词句， 
Now, Catherine Cassidy and Nathaniel Bazile are still legally your parents. 	在法律上现在依然是你的父母。 
Well, if you don't listen to me, you're gonna hear it from her,	好吧，如果你不听我的，你就等着被她念吧，
Are you okay, miss? Eyes forward. 	你还好吧，小姐？朝前看。 
Late in the afternoon she summoned the courage to approach her employer.	下午晚些时候，她鼓起勇气去找老板。
Want the details? 	想知道细节吗？ 
Registration fee for isols meeting non-member early.	早会议非会员的注册费。
Adoption of crm principles and practices in the delivery of e-government services is key to the provision of customer-centric services.	采用客户关系管理原则和作业模式提供电子政府服务，是提供以客为本的服务的关键。
I owe you one. No, we're even.	我欠你一个人情。不，我们扯平了。
Look, all this talk about testing, testing, testing -	听着，大家都在说检测，检测，检测-
As you know, today is the Pope's birthday.	如你们所知，今天是教皇陛下的生日。
Because of the whole sexy schoolgirl routine. 	是因为你耍的性感学生套招。 
But neuroimaging research led by russell poldrack, a cognitive neuroscientist at the university of texas, austin, now suggests that the opposite is true-items are better remembered when they activate the same neural patterns with each exposure.	但是如今薛贵、董奇与罗素波特拉克等人进行的大脑成像研究表明，相反的情况才是正确的当事物每次出现都激活相同的神经模式时，该事物更能被记住。
Hey, referee? Get a grip, will you, man? 	嗨，裁判？控制下局面行吗？ 
Eliane matarano is a soloist at the teatro Amazonas.	伊莉安马达兰奴是亚马孙歌剧院的一位独唱家。
Despite what f. I. T. Believes, I think I know how to dress myself for an evening out, thank you very much.	不管设计院博物馆的人怎么看我，但我知道该如何穿着打扮谢谢你的建议。
Fearful that india's nuclear arsenal will overwhelm its own, pakistan continues to block negotiations on a treaty that would freeze all production of weapons-grade material.	巴基斯坦担心印度的核武库会压过其核武库，所以继续阻挠关于冻结所有武器级材料生产的条约的谈判。
Shut us down.	把我们封闭起来。
And I'll point the fan at you.	我把电扇对着你吹。
He called here last week. 	他上周打过电话到这。 
She's silent? Crying? Yes.	她沉默不语？她哭了？是的。
You told them not to give covering fire? Yes. 	你让他们不作掩护？是的。 
People move in	有人搬进来
The first has priority	就以第一诫条为先
Because I got something else to say.	因为我有别的话要说。
All right. Uh - huh.	好啊。唔- 呼。
Lawyer, J noble daggett, are you a betting man?	戴律师，你赌博吗？
I will expose your righteousness and your works, and they will not benefit you.	我要指明你的公义；至于你所行的都必与你无益。
Yeah. Pressure waves. 	是的。冲击波。 
Grab what you can and grab it fast .- Yep. 	把握你能把握的及时享乐。- 对。 
Laughter can replace those feelings with a sense of joy that strengthens you to overcome any obstacle you face.	笑能缓解最沉重的压力和焦虑，给你轻松的感觉，让你克服眼前的任何困难。
My suggestion is we draft a complaint, don't file it,	我的建议是我们起草个起诉书但别交上去，
Most countries have their own native pop tradition, from schlager in germany to chinese cantopop.	许多国家都有自己本地的传统流行音乐，诸如德国的schlager，中国的广东话歌曲等等。
You can't drive him. That's not quick.	不能开车那样不够快。
Of course it was. I was in Alice - ln - confused - sexuality land. 	当然没关系我现在处在性向错乱世界。 
Perhaps at home.	可能在家。
Spent some time with his dog, Henry, 	与第一宠物狗亨利嬉戏， 
Not after what happened at the dog park. 	在狗狗公园那件事后就不会喜欢了。 
As is my private jet that will fly you here.	我的私人飞机会送你过来。
In fact, I could probably be doing that right now, instead of talking about it. 	实际上，我应该现在就去办而不只是空谈。 
Spray cheese and Bologna?	奶酪喷雾和腊肠吗？
They had a time overlap, but that's the only connection I'm finding. 	他们上班时间是一样的，但这是我能找到的唯一关联。 
Washed out as an astronaut candidate back in 2043 	是2043年的预备宇航员 
Mother will come back soon, for it is getting dark.	天变黑了，妈妈一会儿就会回来的。
He taught us to contact the electric company before starting any dig. 	他教会我们在进行任何挖掘前，最好跟电力公司联系。 
But I've got music and booze. 	不过，家里有音乐和美酒。 
Denial is a powerful thing.	“否定”是会上人上瘾的。
Aw, come on, will you? Let the girls have their music! 	别这样嘛，好不好，让女士听听音乐嘛！ 
Well, if I'd shot a live person, there's a lot more paperwork. 	嗯，如果我朝活人开枪，不就需要多得多的文书工作了。 
Listen,fellas,I'm really sorry.	伙计们，我真的很抱歉。
I thought it was a pretty good party.	我觉得那场聚会很不错啊
Peppino had a little spare time, so he had a game of mora with the facchini, lost three crowns, and then to console himself drank a bottle of orvieto.	庇皮诺闲得无事，便和闲汉们玩骰子，输了三个艾居，为了安慰自己，喝了一瓶奥维多酒。
Oh. - Oh.	噢- 噢。
We're sitting ducks. They'll keep firing until there's no train left.	我们就是是瓮中之鳖。他们会把火车打得片甲不留。
I hear you were a partisan.	我听说你曾经是游击队员。
As my princess.	作为我的公主。
She was stung way worse than Paul. She's in a coma.	她比保罗伤得更严重，正处于昏迷状态。
The fact that you decided to cohabitate 	你决定和他同居 
One song before the sun sets 	一首歌在日落之前 
One full hot cooked to order breakfast per adult each morning. 	每天早上为每位成人根据订单提供热气腾腾的早餐。 
Nonclustered indexes have a b-tree index structure similar to the one in clustered indexes.	非聚集索引与聚集索引有一个相似的b树索引结构。
So if anyone can help you and the rest of the plane get out of here safely, it  	所以说如果有人能帮你还有飞机上其他人安全获救，那就... 
I have a skin condition.	我有皮肤病
The alleged filmmaker, nakoula basseley nakoula, was to be arraigned thursday afternoon in a los angeles federal courtroom.	这个名叫纳库拉（nakoula basseley nakoula）的电影制作人周四下午将被洛杉矶的一个联邦法庭传讯。
Yeah, that felt wrong.	对，感觉好怪哦。
A contract concluded by a person with limited capacity for civil act is valid upon ratification by the legal agent thereof.	限制民事行为能力人订立的合同，经法定代理人追认后，该合同有效。
Of us together. Sure 	我们俩一起。当然。 
That I might've just ionized the both of us.	我有可能刚才把我们两个都电离了。
Luther: you like to watch, huh? 	你喜欢看，是吗？ 
There are many common mental problems that can plague our every day lives, making us unhappy and sick.	每天我们都有许多共同的心理问题在困扰着我们使我们郁闷而烦燥不安。
Some children learn best by rote, in structured environments with high certainty and strict discipline.	在非常稳定和严格的纪律构成的环境里，有的孩子是靠死记硬背学习的。
Okay, there's a total of six chicks. - right.	好的，首先小鸡有六只。—对。
So come on, tell me. What is really, really, really, really good with ya? 	所以，快点，告诉我，你到底怎么样？ 
There's a few tax evasions and a little undeclared earnings -  	只有几个人漏税没有申报所得 - 
Just as you come.	一直到你高潮。
Words of much comfort. 	如此贴心。 
I'm going to the housing office. 	我要去学生宿舍办公室。 
I could double the business. 	我可以让营业额翻倍。 
Despite limited access to highly specialised procedures, local centres hae the potential to deal with most strokes and stroke-related complications and selected patients need to be transferred to large centres only rarely.	尽管地方医院提供的专业治疗方法有限，但是他们仍然有能力处理大多数的脑卒中类型和相关并发症。很少有病人需要转院到大的治疗中心。
Where are you taking me? To a safe house.	你要带我去哪？一个安全屋。
Micr scanners at every bank read these numbers at the bottom of a check Slide 	每个银行的识别机的扫描仪读取支票底部的这些数字下一张 
Something really unexpected.	一些根本预想不到的症状。
Losing blood, losing consciousness, 	失血导致失去知觉， 
don't hide like a rat! 	别象老鼠一样躲躲藏藏的！ 
The aftermath of the disaster was unimaginably grotesque--and made worse by the fact that it was manmade.	这场灾难的后果是无法想象的恐怖-事实证明了人为的灾难会更加恐怖。
Stand straight and try to avoid slouching.	笔直地走路，尽量不要有气无力。
I should have trusted you.	我该信任你的。
I have asthma. I need - I need - hey, hey, hey, hey.	我有哮喘。我需要 - 我需要 -嘿，嘿。
Why is this such a joke to you?	你为什么能这么嘻嘻哈哈的？
OK. We'll go into the bushes. Now? now now. 	好。我们去灌木丛。现在？现在，现在。 
He doesn't have function dint	他身上没有伤疤
Even bild, germany's leading tabloid, elevated mr draghi as an honorary german, depicting him with a prussian helmet.	德国的主流通俗报纸《图片报》甚至将德拉吉选为德国荣誉公民，并描绘出他佩戴普鲁士头盔的样子。
You know, I voted against you last time. 	上次我可是赞成拆除。 
Two first anniversaries, mainly feed to the kid's vegetables, fish, chicken, egg, bean, and other seed foods and the root-stock food.	两周岁时，主要喂给孩子菜、鱼肉、鸡肉、蛋、豆类、以及其它种子类食物和根茎类食物。
But you saying I could be a bitch sometimes? 	但你说我有时候又很坏？ 
Yes, sir. Latitude 40 degrees North, longitude 73 degrees west. 	是的，先生。北纬40度，西经73度。 
I didn't think you had that kind of focus.	我觉得你没那么专注。
Does not make it not photogenic, 	也不至于不上照， 
Research on decremental treatment of dejecta on cattle farm.	奶牛场粪便减量化处理方法的研究。
For one thing, I have no time; for another ( thing), I have no money.	一则，我没有时间；二则，我没有钱。
don't inhale. - grab the box. I'll scoop it in. 	别吸气- 抓住盒子我来掏。 
Yes, you did! Does it matter? 	是，就是你！有什么关系吗？ 
Two. And that's the problem. 	两个这才是问题。 
For l would act for you, for you and you alone.	因为我是为您只为您。
The forecasts are based on long-run population growth and a declining labor force participation rate as the baby boomers retire.	这些预测都是基于长期的人口增长和随着婴儿潮一代消退而不断下滑的劳动参与率。
Pull up the shades.	把百叶窗拉上去。
You ain't into that stuff, are you?	你不喜欢这些，对吧？
Analysts have already lowered ratings on luxury-car manufacturers.	分析师已经降低了豪华汽车制造商的股票评级。
Although the giant ground sloth is now extinct,	尽管巨型地獭现已灭绝，
Since they have refused to do so,	但他们一直拒绝那样做，
You won’t find my fingerprints on that leak, ever.	你在那事上抓不到我把柄的。
I know you care for me 	你别这样，我知道你疼我 
But you always seem so certain 	但你看起来总是很肯定 
He's not. He's cute and amazing and.Amazing. 	他没有，他很可爱人很好很好.就是很好。 
Can you get past a keypad? - it is, as always, a question of time.	你能通过密码键吗？- 这是如常地是时间问题。
My last girlfriend h?	我前一个女友 怎么？
No! No! Please don't say such things.	不！不！请别这么说。
And hire the grandest mansion in London.	租用伦敦最豪华的别墅。
But then you had the barking exercise, you had a laughing exercise, 	你还会喊叫，大笑， 
Essential lawyering skills: interviewing, counseling, negotiation, and persuasive fact analysis.	律师执业基本技能：会谈、咨询、谈判和令人信服的事实分析。
Because of this impediment, most in the field gave up on masers and moved on to lasers, which use the same principles of physics, but work with optical light instead of microwaves.	因为这些障碍，该领域大多数人放弃了研究微波转而研究激光，这运用同样的物理学原理，但是这用可见光而不是微波。
I've made a reservation for us down the - 	我在下面订了一个位置— 
That same year, the organization that oversees the uniform plumbing code, one of the two dominant model codes, again rejected falcon's proposed amendments.	同年，监管联邦管道标准的组织，再一次拒绝了falcon关于修改的建议。
I just shared the most intimate gift with you, 	我刚和你享受了一场性爱， 
When I was hurting, I would let myself imagine 	当我觉得内心受伤，就这么自我安慰 
To think we know where we're going.	我们有足够的知识，去思考我们将要往哪去..
I'm smiling, genuinely. 	我在笑呢，真心真意的。 
Yuri, don't forget to check 	尤里，别忘了去看一看 
Time out. Everyone with glasses.	暂停。戴眼镜的人们。
And that's all determined by the coin toss.	归根到底都是由掷硬币决定的。
I'm really proud of you, man.	我真的为你骄傲，伙计。
And I think you came back	我认为你回来后
Perhaps it was the tle ofblood between us, but I doubt it.	就因我们手足之情的关系吗？
Israel made substantial concessions	以色列做了极大的让步
It doesn't look like ours, but we deal with so many ships. 	它不像是我们的，但是我们要很和多船打交道。 
Oh, no, I'm good.	不了，还是不了。
She paid a lot for the estate; she ought to be able to see it. 	她花很多钱买的宅院；应该能好好欣赏。 
You are so far in over your head. 	你头脑都发昏了。 
Sealife Weymouth OAP, Per Person, Per Break. 	每次入住向每个人提供韦茅斯海洋生物公园OAP票。 
Okay. Thanks, Landis. 	好了。谢谢，兰蒂斯。 
Initially excluded from the club by charles de gaulle, britain has been equivocal about european integration ever since it joined in 1973.	自最初被戴高乐排除在俱乐部之外，英国1973年加入欧盟后对欧洲一体化的态度一直模棱两可。
Now if you started playing the horses again... 	如果你再赌马... 
He'd have shot me too, but I swore I'd stay out of his business forever. 	他也差点开枪打我了不过我发誓绝对不会碰他的生意。 
This is where the authorities brought us in early '22... 	当初，当局就把我们安顿在这里... 
Perhaps because of the cybersecurity issue, most of huawei's customers decline to be interviewed about the company.	或许是由于网络安全问题，因此华为公司的大部分客户都对华为的事情讳莫如深。
I have a paycheck due this week and - 	我本周能拿到工资 -  
Financial markets have recently been as emotional as kate winslet at an awards ceremony, alternating between "risk on" ( when markets are in buoyant mood) and "risk off" ( when they are anxious) with bewildering rapidity.	金融市场最近也如凯特温斯莱特在颁奖典礼上的悲喜交加，经历了从“高风险高收益”到“规避风险”的大起（市场热情高涨时）大落（当市场焦急时），如同坐过山车。
Some medical conditions-like diabetes, lupus, or problems with the thyroid gland-also can cause constipation.	有些疾病，如糖尿病、狼疮、甲状腺疾病等，也会引起便秘。
Shackle undead: this spell will now always be removed correctly if multiple priests overwrite each other's shackle undead.	束缚不死生物：如果数个牧师相互束缚对方的不死生物，现在将会正确的移除效果。
Person Of Interest. s03e04 	凶嫌追缉录第三季第4集 
It seems the daily cares and needs of the patients 	她对伤员的日常护理及需求 
The moment that foreign troops with a hostile intent cross your borders,	一旦外国军队企图跨越边境，
Getting me out of purgatory wasn't your responsibility.	把我从炼狱里救出来不是你的义务
Moreover, reform of trade in agricultural and textile-based goods could stimulate the export industries of some of the poorest countries.	此外，农产品和纺织品领域的贸易改革，可能推动某些最贫穷国家出口行业的发展。
You humiliated me. L can't believe you couldn't even win a fixed game. 	你让我丢脸透了。你连一场设计好的比赛都打搞不定。 
Hey, somebody! Help! We need help in here. 	快来人帮助！求助！我们这里需要帮助。 
Well, you just make sure that he holds up his end, 	你只要让他按时交钱， 
Thus, before we probe too deeply into what type of new regulatory structure is appropriate, we have to find ways to restore our now-broken system of financial intermediation.	由此，在我们过于深入探究何种新的监管机制合适之前，我们必须找到恢复我们业已被破坏的金融中介体系的方法。
Cann't you see the effect this place is having on us all? 	你们看不出这地盘对大家都有副作用吗？ 
As the Nazis began to occupy where he lived.	后来逃到伦敦在那里终其余生。
Yeah, that's right, dick wad. 	是的，对，小样。 
I'm actually sad about losing my lab. 	我其实是因没了实验室而难过。 
You look dead on your feet!	你看你双眼睛，像困死了！
A mistress with a baby. 	是个怀了孕的情人。 
We're riding those go - carts, full - time.	我们推小车为生，推一辈子。
cause you know there’s nothing there for you.	因为你知道不会有你什么事。
You guys probably don't want my two cents, but, uh... 	你们也许不想听我的建议，但是，呃…。 
Even if they're just a "woof.	哪怕它们只是狗。
You got something to talk about, we can talk about it. 	你要是有话想说，我们可以聊聊。 
Nellie, could you get out of the room.	内尔莉，你可以离开这里吗？
Fruit processing will no doubt undergo considerable future expansion.	毫无疑问，果品加工也将大大发展。
Structural deficits soon re-emerged, but the bond market no longer seemed to care, as long as the global savings glut kept america's borrowing costs low.	结构性赤字马上再现，但只要全球存款能保住美国低廉的借钱成本，债券市场似乎就不必在意巨大的赤字了。
If you will not resign, you will force me to dismiss you. 	如果你不辞职的化，我也会解雇你的。 
He was already pretty bruised when I got there. I think he might need to see a doctor. 	我到那的时候他身上已经有淤青了。我觉得他应该去看看医生。 
I just wanted to come home first and change. 	我只是想先回家换衣服。 
How else do you think I got into the over - 18? It's not because I'm such a great skater. 	你觉得我怎么会进成人专场？当然不是因为我是旱冰高手。 
How cool would that be? - yeah. 	实在太好了对吧？- 嗯。 
I slipped the knife out from underneath the pillow.	我把刀从枕头下抽出来。
The Burlington International airport is just one mile from our door and our Park and Fly package allows for frequent flyers to travel with ease. 	伯灵顿国际机场距离我们酒店只有一英里的路程，我们酒店的停车和航班套餐可以使飞行常客轻松旅行。 
I understand, to you it sounds... 	我明白，你觉得听起来... 
This month two high-profile deals had to be scrapped, after buyers walked away, blaming credit markets and the falling growth outlook.	本月，两桩备受瞩目的交易被取消，原因是信贷市场状况和经济前景恶化令买家选择退出。
Toxins implanted into gm food crops to kill pests are reaching the bloodstreams of women and unborn babies, alarming research has revealed.	转基因粮食作物的植入毒素用以杀死害虫正到达妇女和未出生婴儿的血管，令人震惊的研究揭示。
Backing out apple's cash pile of$ 137 billion, that implies a valuation of less than eight times 2013 expected earnings.	刨去苹果1,370亿美元的现金，这意味着按2013年预期收益计算的市盈率不到八倍。
Make that one suffer. I'll be in the car.	好好折磨那一个。我在车里等你。
Subgame perfect equilibrium: matchmaking and strategic investments.	子博弈完美均衡：招商引资和战略投资。
I think you're right about that. 	你说的也对。 
You were on a roll, my man. 	你刚才真不错，老兄。 
I'm just a regular, normal...	我只是一个正常的、普通的…
So we thought we'd leave from here. 	哦，对不起。耽误你时间了没什么。 
So I was able to talk the landlord into giving it to us. 	我就跟房东谈了让他把它租给我们。 
Me and ''homework'' in the same sentence. 	我和“功课”在同一个句子里。 
My heart's rent	我的心被租借
Kevin Myers:  Hopes to still be living it up 	凯文·麦尔斯：希望与美丽的维琪过着逍遥快活的日子 
Oh, Harvey, yeah. I'll see if he's available. 	哦，原来是哈维。我来看看他有没有空。 
Daily breakfast includes tasty hot waffles, sweet fresh fruit, pastries and more. 	每天的早餐包括好吃的热华夫饼、新鲜水果、糕点等。 
Because I just fucking can't, OK!	因为我就是找不到，好吗！
You've heard my news? Only just now. 	你已经知道家的事情了吗？刚刚知道。 
He didn't like to talk about his job. 	他不喜欢谈论自己的工作。 
Now what? Your load is too high. 	干吗？你超重了。 
Well, then the 4 of you deserve everything you get. 	你们4个罪有应得。 
You cannot imagine what it's like 	你想象不到像我这样的人 
If they had Communist Russia red 	如果他们有苏联红党 
No, will. No!	不，威尔。不！
Don't worry about it. Are you okay? Yeah. I'm good. 	别担心。你没事吧？是啊。我还好。 
But, if I was with him when he died.... 	但是如果他死的时候我和他一起。 
Padre benito del toro: it's not safe for you to be here.	贝尼托德尔-托罗牧师：你呆在这其实不安全。
Is it true you compose in a hotel room?	你真的在旅馆房间里作曲？
As mark peterson turned the car out of the church parking lot and merged with the traffic, words of prayer came to his lips: "dear lord, thank you. Thank you."	马克彼得森开车驶出了教会停车场，消失在来往的车流中，他嘴唇里冒出了祷告的声音：“亲爱的主啊，感谢你，感谢你。”
But at too great a cost. 	但我方损失也很大。 
We're talking about holding down a girl and cutting out her heart.	我们说的可是制伏一个小女孩挖出她的心脏啊。
Since you know I work nights - 	你知道，我上夜班 - 
I think she's tachycardictachycardia.	我想她是突发性心动过速。
He's so mum - and - dad, he makes the mental ones on the street look normal. 	他很和蔼，他把这条街打理的井井有条。 
I just don't feel like hearing it. There's no feelings here. 	只是不想听。这跟感情无关。 
I kind of like the bangs. 	我挺喜欢这个刘海 
This is why lake-carroll suggests looking at an ex-partner "as someone you don't get on with at work most of us don't have the luxury of treating a co-worker in an unreasonable manner, so get on with it."	正因如此，莱克卡罗尔建议，将前配偶看作“你在工作中与之相处不好的人，很显然，我们大多数人都没有条件以一种不切实际的方式对待一位同事，因此，我们还是效率优先吧。”
I guess I'd be better suited for improvs or something...	我觉得我更适合即兴表演或…
Look at her isn't she glowing	你看她多光彩夺目
Category C DBB -- 18 	C DBB类 -- 18 
The man of the hour! He took one for the team! 	我们的英雄！舍己为团队！ 
You were minutes away from releasing the detainees. 	你差一点就放了，那些囚犯。 
August 3rd bhp billiton announced a near-$ 3 billion write-down on some of its american gasfields bec.	必和必拓公司宣布将对美国部分气田近30亿美元的“投资”进行减记。
It comes with pet amenities such as a dog bowl, treats, baggies and toys. 	配有狗碗、宠物食、宠物衣服和玩具等便利设施。 
Okay, yes. That would be bad.	好，没错。这是太糟糕了。
I have finally learned how to love. 	我终于学会了如何去爱。 
She's got a performance tonight which she's now shut me out of.	她今晚有个表演，结果却不让我去。
It worked like a charm. They'll be teaching that.	就像魔法一样。他们会上一课的。
They can also use the technology to create their own inflight customer relationship management programme to increase loyalty and satisfaction among their premium customers.	它们还可利用这项技术建立自己的空中客户关系管理方案，以提高优质客户的忠诚度和满意度。
Put on your shoes. We're gonna go out.	穿上鞋。我们要出去了。
And she thought you might be able to help me.	她认为你也许能帮助我。
To escape the shooter's pre-scouted kill zone. 	且有效躲开敌方的杀伤区域。 
Captivated by the title, he opened it and was immediately hooked.	沃伦被书名所吸引，翻开这本书，立刻就看入了迷。
E.g. heritage tour guide, docent of exhibition and designing educational activities at historic sites.	例如:古迹导赏团,展览导赏员及设计古迹教育活动。
Foreign currency exchange 	外币兑换 
Okay! Fiji. Let's go to Fiji right now.	好吧！斐济。我们现在去斐济吧。
Such imponderable human factors as aesthetic sensibility.	如美感这样不可估计的人性因素。
How's 11:00 a. M.?	早上11点怎么样？
Knowing that the people you love are asleep in their beds 	你所爱的人们都安然入睡 
That partial better turn out to be something.	最好能从那半个指纹上有突破。
Some have been scrabbling in ruins to recover photographs of the dalai lama.	一些生还者在废墟上到处乱扒达赖喇嘛的照片.
Oh, that would be so great. Thank you. 	噢，这样的话就太好了。谢谢。 
You're being sued by Stanford.	你被斯坦福起诉了。
So go on, get the fuck out.	因此继续下去，得到他妈的了。
I witnessed a strange confrontation. 	却正好撞见一桩争吵... 
It was almost worth it hearing you say that.	听你这么说值了。
So, you're just gonna waltz in there and take $5 million off the docks by yourself? 	你就这样单枪匹马晃到码头就能搞到五百万？ 
It looks like I'm starting to dribble, so you react, and when you do,	看上去我要运球了，所以你动了你动了以后，
Kitchen, you can't miss it, room with the stove.	在厨房，你一定找得到，就是有瓦斯炉的那一间。
And what kind of aim do you think I have? 	你太高估我的瞄准能力了吧？ 
Mutes the selected audio clip.	使所选音频剪辑静音。
And I'm sure that's when you stole that scarf. 	我确定是你偷那条丝巾时顺手牵羊的。 
The british consul-general of kashgar, sir clermont skrine, visited the children's home of jarkend on oneoccasion, where there were at the time some 35 orphans aged between 10 months and 14-15 years old.	英国喀什葛尔总领事clermont skrine先生曾经就参观过耶尔羌的孩子之家，那时那儿收留了35位10个月到14、15岁的孤儿。
They'll mail them to him, then he'll give them to me.	票会邮寄给他，然后他会把票给我。
Anyone aiding and abetting his unsupervised entry into this firehouse over the next 30 days 	在未来30天内任何帮助或唆使他在无人监督下进入消防站的人 
Assuming there are no security guards.	假设没有安保人员的话。
Wearing the springs out of my furniture 	两个大屁股还穿着 
A lot of guys would be into that, right? 	很多男人会被气疯？ 
I have a terror of fire.	我对火有恐怖心情。
Her mother's convinced we did something yesterday, but all we did was probe the surface. 	她妈妈深信是昨天手术的关系，但我们只是检查了表层。 
A bit of sun. A bit of relaxation. And a huge chunk of Prozac.	几束阳光。片刻休息。大量的百解忧。
Dogon must have learned about astronomy from Westerners. 	多贡人是从西方学者那里了解到这些天文知识的。 
Noodles won’t get you far.	你以后不用在吃面条了。
And I'm sure you will not find this too difficult to arrange. 	我确信你会发现此事并不难安排。 
Seriously, man, why you want a dog?	说真的，你干嘛要养狗？
You just wanted all that crap you went through	你只是想让你做的那些破事
I mean, girls, they're all, like, "hey, yeah, babe" do you want Japanese or Chinese food? 	我是指，女生她们会说" 嘿，宝贝”你想吃日本菜还是中国菜？ 
We have to get out of here, come here, come with me.	我们要离开这里，跟我来。
The experts at practical action say all fruits and vegetables have a "critical temperature" for storage.	“实际行动”的专家说，所有的水果和蔬菜都有一个冷藏的“临界温度”。
Come on. You're coming with me. 	快点。你和我来。 
So why don't you wear the green thingy? What, this? It makes me look like a golf course.	你为什么不穿绿色这件？这件吗？穿它？我感觉自己像个高尔夫球场。
Mr wang says that the company was able to grow because he was constantly finding ways to circumvent those restrictions.	王健林表示，万达能够成长起来，是因为他总在设法绕过那些限制。
I'd say to my dad, "l want to be a writer.	我只得对我爸爸说，“我想成为一个作家。
Go get yourself a coffee 	去弄杯咖啡 
But apparently someone put a stop on that account.	但是有人冻结了账户。
It is a trespass offering; he is certainly guilty before jehovah.	这是赎愆祭；因他在耶和华面前确实有了罪过。
Forget about him. It's for the best. 	别提他了。这是最好的意见。 
Pizza? Yes. 	匹萨可以吗？可以。 
You just messed up on some chicken salad, partner. 	你刚毁掉了一些鸡肉沙拉，兄弟。 
She left so much out.	她有那么多都不写。
When there's this much cash involved.	哭鼻子还不是小菜一碟。
Foot turns out a little bit when he walks. 	所以他走路时左脚会向外拐一点点。 
Oh, knee to the head! 	哦，头部膝击！ 
The room amenities include 22-inch flat-TV with domestic and international channels, minibar, telephone, bathroom with shower, hair dryer and arm chair/sofa. 	客房便利设施包括：可收到国内和国际频道的22英寸平板电视、迷你吧、电话、带淋浴的浴室、吹风机和扶手椅/沙发。 
Again, I was prohibited from doing so.	一样，我被禁止这么做。
It needs people who are willing to do exactly what you did today. 	它需要的是能像你们今天这样做的人。 
She's a bar. My bar.	一个酒吧，我的酒吧。
You're a poet as well. 	你就像个诗人。 
A sphere may be easy to form, but it doesn't provide the largest surface area for a cell.	球状微生物可能易于形成，但是无法为一个细胞提供最大的表面积。
Oh, stand back, son. She's ready to blow.	往后退，她马上要爆炸了。
And he started touching me under the covers. 	他在被子里摸我。 
I was in Germany, and they wanted an article on the spot. 	当时我在德国，他们需要现场文章。 
It has to come from her, apparently.	显然，只能靠她了。
You want some coffee? No, I'm good, thank you. 	喝点咖啡吗？不用了，我没，事谢谢。 
Name one person. Look at the woman on the couch. She's totally cool. 	你说有谁看。那个坐在沙发上的女人。她太有意思了。 
No. He was scared.	不，他很害怕。
My evangelists? 	我的福音？
I want to be there when it happens. 	但我只是想留在你身边。 
Or if he didn't have his helmet on.	或者他没带头盔的话后果就不堪设想了。
They wouldn't know what they were looking for. 	他们不会知道他们在找什么的。 
Fresh entrants to carmaking could prove nimbler than incumbents at adapting to this new world.	新进入汽车制造业者可能比在职企业更能灵活适应这个新世界。
Laughter may be good medicine, but it's also a great way to recharge your batteries.	笑可能是一副良药，同时也是给你补充能量的好方法。
Why don't you go check out the fish tank?	你为什么不去看看鱼缸呢？
Look, there was nothing personal to me on that call. 	但我完全不认识电话里的人。 
Every heartwarming second. 	感人的每分每秒。 
Chelsea I think we should do whatever the president says we should do.	我想我们应该听从总统的决定。
Would you like me to turn the radiator up for you, aunt josephine?	你愿意我们帮你把暖炉打开吗，约瑟芬姑妈？
There are no fractures of any member, joint or component. 	所有部件、接头或组件无断裂。 
Millon said: "however, part of which it flows back to the french capital and was used for political activity......"	米永指出：“然而，其中一部分资金却流回了法国并被用于政治活动……”
Oh, God bless you, Cabo San Lucas. 	噢，上帝保佑，加波。 
In a human world that just doesn't get you. 	想在不接受你的人类世界里成功。 
That's when she charges in	当她反抗的时候
You've got to admit it's a little unusual, that's all.	你得承认这不太寻常仅此而已。
You gotta keep this thing a secret. 	你得偷偷地干。 
I know how hard it must be to believe everything 	我知道你很难相信。 
He likes to win. 	他喜欢赢。 
It's a pitcher and a catcher. Isn't that funny? 	是一个投手和一个接球手。很有趣吧？ 
I think her best quality is she's so positive.	她最大的优点就是很积极向上。
As with all booms, urbanisation promises huge wealth.	和所有的繁荣期一样，城市化预示着巨大的财富前景。
Can she cook?	她会做饭么？
You think I'm fooling? Answer me! 	你以为我糊弄你？回答我！ 
Two hamburgers, two cheeseburgers and four cokes. 	两个汉堡两个起司饼还有四杯可乐。 
Or, as you know, that "pod" could be weeks or months old.	或者，你知道，那个" 豆荚" 有几个礼拜或者几个月老了。
Better than that young man you brought home for tea. 	他比你带回家来喝午茶的年轻人好多了。 
I've seen men angling for high office, Mr. Chairman. 	我知道人们用什么手段谋求高职位，主席先生。 
Uh, nothing, honey. Uh, these people were just leaving. - yeah, we should leave. 	嗯，没什么，亲爱的。嗯，这些人正准备走了。- 是的，我们应该离开了。 
Given at saint Valentine was a third century Roman priest	公元270年2月14日圣诞情人节那天是三世纪罗马神父瓦伦丁
I slept with my ex-boyfriend. 	我和前男友上床了。 
They burnt our house, our land, our garden.	他们烧掉我们的房子，我们的土地，我们的花园。
Okay, yeah, um... Ready? Yes.	好吧，准备好了？嗯。
You won't confess?	你不承认吗？
My name is Andrew Steyn. 	我是安德鲁史帝。 
If you want me to jump in, 	如果你想让我插手， 
Sichuan dining entertainment co., ltd. invites applications.	四川火树银花餐饮娱乐有限公司。
Okay. You have ten minutes and forty seconds left. 	好，你还有七分四十秒。 
At my place. Your place? 	在我那里吧。你那里？ 
Oh, that's sad, love - pretty girl like you. 	哦，凄凉啊，亲爱的-像你这么漂亮的女孩。 
Parikh, raised in pittsburgh, wasn't sure what he would do with his mba but loved working for deloitte in philadelphia.	帕瑞克在费城长大，并不确定毕业后的工作去向，但他非常喜欢德勤费城分公司的工作。
You've got to make them work for you. 	你要让他们来为你工作。 
As for chile, pinochet appointed a succession of chicago boys to senior economic posts.	而对于智利来说，皮诺切特后来将许多名芝加哥学派经济学家安排到重要的经济部门中去。
Why didn't you just open with that?	你一开始怎么不这么说？
I women have to raise the bar, but I think we're up to it.	女士们不得不提高对自己的标准，但是我相信我们已经准备好了。
As swfs become more confident in their ability to manage cash, fixed income and even global equities, they are less likely to outsource these "vanilla mandates", as ms sweeney barnes terms them.	随着主权财富基金对自己管理现金、固定收益证券甚至全球股权的能力变得更加有信心，它们不大可能会将史威尼巴恩斯称为“普通托管”的这些资产给外包出去。
Kate likes rice dumplings meat.	凯特最喜欢肉馅的粽子。
At present, consumers are often misled by the speeds that operators promise to deliver.	目前，服务商经常承诺提供高速度来误导消费者。
That's them, brother. 	是他们，兄弟。 
That's not what I hear. Well, I don't know who you've been talking to. 	我听说的不是这样的。我不知道你跟谁谈过。 
The t. don hutto family residential centre was formerly a medium-security prison.	“堂赫托家庭收容中心”原是一座中等戒备监狱。
He synthesises voter disgust towards bankers, the press, politicians, welfare cheats and the summer rioters who looted shops. He talks of reaching out to "grafters" who play by the rules. But he cannot offer the angry middle what they really want.	他把选民的反感进行了整合，矛头直指银行家、新闻界、政客、福利骗子以及今夏抢劫商店的暴徒，甚至他们还谈到了那些按规矩行事的贪污受贿者，但他不能提供给愤怒的中产阶级他们真正想要的东西。
If there were only 2 ways to immediately get compliance without the use of force,	假设如此只有两种方法能在不使用武力的情况下立即得到顺从，
You think we should release it? 	你觉得我们应该发布？ 
I'll rather see you after the showers. 	洗完澡见吧。 
Did you say how you like to watch me dance? 	你说你有多喜欢我跳舞了吗？ 
Jail might be a safer place for you. 	对你来说监狱可能更加安全。 
don't thank me. Thank the little boy cat. 	别谢我。谢那只小猫咪吧。 
It seems if a building stays upright for more than a decade, 	好像只要一座建筑能挺立十年以上， 
You're gonna be an executive! 	你将成为行政高管！ 
Yeah. Well, yeah, that's actually why I'm using this. 	是啊，呃，所以我才用这个。 
So I'm not trying to take his place or anything,	我不是要来取代他或是怎样，
I'll just put my head out the window.	我可以把头伸出去抽。
Did you give her a break on the rent or jusstiff - arm her?	你在房租上给了她优惠让她直接搬走？
Oh, my God, I'm pitching, I'm eloping, 	天啊，我要试拍，我要私奔， 
More like disappointed.	不如说是失望。
Why? Just why? 	为什么？到底是什么？ 
I've been suspended, me and Pete. 	我被休学了，我和皮特。 
Discussion points now include temporarily extending income tax rates, as well as extending jobless aid for the long-term unemployed, which are also starting to run out.	眼下讨论的问题包括临时延长所得税税率、以及为长期失业者延长失业补助，这一福利措施也开始即将到期。
It's all I could get. 	我能查到的就这些。 
Oh, God! I need to talk to you, too. 	哦，上帝啊！我也要和你谈谈。 
No more pennies given away	一分也别多放
Hiromi ikeuchi, a divorce counsellor in tokyo, says some men are proud of having a chaste marriage.	东京的离婚顾问池内裕美（hiromi ikeuchi）表示，有些男人为无性婚姻感到骄傲。
Take one common claim: employees claiming that they were required to work off the clock.	举一类常见的诉讼：员工声称被要求超时工作。
Oh, by asking to see her again?	再约她出去会毁了一切？
Mr brooks offers two explanations.	布鲁克斯给出了两项解释。
You know the other one I like? 	你知道，我喜欢哪句？ 
Head East, 153 meters.	向东，153米。
The lukewarm response to this week's launch of its new iphone 4s should give some cause for concern.	对于本周苹果推出iphone4s，人们反应不冷不热，公司应当为此感到担忧。
So Otis whipped up an herbal remedy? - Otis? 	所以奥蒂斯为你熬了草药解毒？- 奥蒂斯？ 
I'll be back in a minute, Crusoe.	克鲁索，我马上回来。
But a lot of people were killed	但是许多的人
don't mind my saying,  	我有话直说了， 
Candies. Then candy it is	糖果。那就买糖果啦
I'll ask Gong Li to come too.	我再叫巩俐一起。
Well, I see you've still got a weakness for blondes. 	嗯，我看你对金发女人还是那样没辙。 
Why don't you tell us about your friend here.	你为什么不告诉我你这里有朋友。
What's your name, boy? Aeneas.	你叫什么名字，孩子？埃涅阿斯。
We just... Everything went better than we thought. 	因为... 一切比我们想像中的还要好。 
Oh, is he a nice boy? 	是，好孩子吗？ 
Hi. Kay. - David. Honey. I'm so sorry. 	你好。凯恩。- 大卫。亲爱的。我很遗憾。 
I came to see someone. 	我来见个人。 
...his reputation as a young firebrand.	他作为一名年轻的政治煽动者的名声
It is idle to pretend that their marriage is a success.	佯称他们的婚姻有多美满是无意义的。
Most vacancies are at senior level, requiring appropriate qualifications.	大多数空缺属于高层职位，要求具备相应的资历。
Brazil's president may not think home prices have entered bubble market territory, but noble prize winning economist robert shiller has warned trouble is on the horizon.	巴西总统或许不认为房价已进入泡沫市场范畴，但诺贝尔奖获得者、经济学家罗伯特•希勒已发出警告称，麻烦已经开始露头。
Tieling huayin meat birds company feed factory.	铁岭市华银肉禽公司饲料厂。
Because I care about these people.	因为我关心这些人。
And he seems to be left-handed now.	而且他现在看上去象是左坯子。
You're married?	你们俩结婚了？
There's no indication she was re-dressed.	她看上去不像脱过衣服又穿上。
You also answer to the new name you picked up off the streets. 	你对你在街上看到的名也有反应啊。 
Or mess with them...	或是去打扰他们...
I have nothing but respect and admiration for the man. 	我对他只有尊敬和仰慕。 
I want to be swept off my feet, you know?	我想扔掉我的脚，你明白吗？
A course of action necessary to the national good,	一次行动牵扯到国家利益，
I told you to open the door. Why didn't you do it? 	我告诉你说要开门。你为什么不给开？ 
He couldn't be with a better stable for the training of juvenile hurdlers in the pipes and a big run is expected today in the opener at kempton.	他不能用一个更好的训练在青少年跨栏管道和一个大运行稳定，预计在肯普顿今天在首场比赛。
I just analyzed the secretion swabs 	我刚分析了你采自 
When it hits the tank, the war will end. 	当它碰上坦克，战争会结束。 
Hey, dad. Do you know where mom is? 	嘿，爸。知道妈去哪儿了吗？ 
My school was traditional, but more liberal than other public schools.	我的学校是守旧的，但比其他的贵族化公学开明。
The principle of extracting raw silk hasn't changed since its discovery. 	从生丝中缫丝的原理自发现伊始。 
Why would he have that information about my family? 	为什么他会有我家人的信息？ 
Hello, little one. - no! 	你好啊，小东西。- 不！ 
And you don't know where you're going? 	却连去哪里都没还想好？ 
Of course most people are not car mechanics or airline pilots.	当然，绝大多数人都不是汽车维修工或者飞行员。
Food and shoes soon followed as did the establishment of companies in spain, france, greece and germany and the acquisition of flair, a uk distributor.	很快，他又开始制造食品与鞋，并且在西班牙、法国、希腊、德国建立了分公司，另外还收购了英国分销商flair。
Is that God's children and his enemies make the same mistake 	上帝的孩子和他的敌人都犯同样的错误 
The holy spirit cannot work freely among those who carry grudges and harbor resentments.	圣灵无法在那些心存怨恨的人身上自由作工。
I didn't raise a hand. Give me your LD. 	我没动手。把你的证件给我。 
I need you to -  Be an adult with me. 	我要你 - 成熟点来对待我。 
You're in town a week, and they're all over you, just grabbing - 	你回来不过才一星期，那些美少女特工已经围着你团团转，想抓你- 
They killed my son.	它们杀害了我的儿子。
Sure. "A mathematical analysis of friendship dynamics.	当然“友谊动态的数学分析。
Then mr elamin's luck changed.	接着埃拉明的好运到来了。
Snowboarding is so young, and it came about so quickly.	滑雪运动十分年轻，发展十分迅速。
Her parents promptly disowned her. 	她的父母马上和她脱离关系。 
You gotta know if the stalls ain't got no doors or not. 	你得知道隔间是否有门。 
Enjoy all the rustic charm of the Emerald Isle with our authentic Irish furnishings. 	我们真正的爱尔兰家具让您享受绿宝石岛的质朴魅力。 
This is what I covenanted with you when you came out of egypt.	这是照着你们出埃及我与你们立约的话。
He would a stayed. 	他也许就会留下来。 
She's heading out the southwest side door.	她要从西南方侧门出去。
Think about it. He knew that we were onto him. 	想想看。他知道我们在监视他。 
At the very least, I should know the name	最最起码我得知道
Tell me where you took this photograph.	告诉我你什么时候拍的这张照片。
Business travelers have traditionally stayed at our hotel in Goliad to be near the abundance of local work sites. 	商务游客通常下榻在我们位于戈利亚德的酒店，靠近很多当地工作区域。 
Going home in a taxi afterward, he pulled her over until her head rested against his chest.	后来在回家的出租车上，他拉着她向自己靠，直到她的头倒在了他胸前。
After the incident, the taliban announced responsibility for the attack, saying that 6 members of the organization initiated the attack.	事发后，塔利班宣布对袭击事件负责，称该组织6名成员发起了这次攻击。
All I'm asking is to hear from you. 	我别无所求只想要你能回信。 
You said never to touch you before a fight. 	你说绝不能在比赛前碰你。 
You know, there's nothing wrong 	你知道，成为助手其实 
God, you just... You've no idea. 	上帝啊，你简直...什么都不知道。 
Therefore, this paper explores related issues such as policy annuities and commercial ones.	因此，本文特别分析政策年金给付抑或商业年金规划等相关议题。
Hi. Look, I don't know what to say,	你看，我不知道该说什么，
Perhaps you'd better see it for yourself.	或者你自己看看吧。
I just came up here to be a friend. 	我是以朋友身份过来的。 
hold up, my man.  he's right.	哇等一下，伙计。他说的没错。
Then all of sudden, pow!	突然灵机一动！
Driving or car play scenes herein portrayed. 	包括飚车和特技表演的画面。 
He says, "will you obey all orders?”	他问：“你是否愿意服从所有的命令？”
The flowers have wrinkled brown petals.	那些花的花瓣已起皱发黄。
Trust me, I could kick Callum's ass all over	相信我，如果我想的话
Why did he have the camera? Just drive, Stephen. 	他怎么有照相机？开车吧，史蒂芬。 
Commiserations, it certainly doesn't look good.	我很同情你，这看起来的确不妙。
To comic book stores 	光顾漫画书店 
But this is a big house, and we're all adults.	但这是所大房子大家都是成年人。
To the contrary, the tame reaction to wednesday's downgrade warning from moody's shows that the united states is already much further down the road to a japanese-style quagmire than most of us might care to admit.	恰恰相反，尽管周三市场对穆迪降级警告的反应十分淡定，但是承认与否，美国正重蹈日本覆辙，一步一步深陷经济泥沼。
You can't just change your hair. 	你就不能只改变发型。 
People keep asking us about Irish dancing, "why?”	关于爱尔兰舞人们总是问我" 为什么？”
Name's littleberry Davis. 	我叫小梅•大卫。 
And there's actually some of it in French, 	有的是法语， 
Yeah, well, no - one said anything, OK?	是啊，但一句话都没说，好吗？
Do we let them go too? I don't know.	全放他们走？我不知道。
Direct deposit.	直接存进我户头。
Eg. is it possible to believe that we are perfect in every way, without any shortcomings or mistakes?	难道我们能够设想自己是那样十全十美而没有一点缺点和错误吗？
Whose beauty, both internal and external,	她的内在和外在的美将永远，
Precedents of overcoming crisis in other.	克服暖化危机其他星球的前例。
I'm trying to find a way to be happy. You want to be happy now?	我想找到一种快乐的方法。你现在想快乐吗？
I'd say, pretty long.	哇我是说，肯定会很久。
Delaying the inevitable? 	去延缓注定的事？ 
Oh, well, we really appreciate the tree. 	哦，好，我们真的很感谢你的树。 
Don't cry! Don" t cry! 	别哭！别哭！ 
I want to start by saying I didn't like either space. 	我先要说的是我对双方的作品都不喜欢。 
There's definitely something going on,	一定发生了什么事，
But things are changing so fast that the local government wants to rename mr zhou's office as its focus is no longer just on getting local labour out.	但情况正在发生变化其速度之快，让当地政府打算给周德宝所在的局更名，因为它的重点已不再仅仅是输出当地劳动力。
The latest poll number suggest that tomorrow's mayoral Race will be a photo finish.	最新民调显示明天的市长竞选结果仍将是悬念。
Always pre-test clean-ing chemical on inconspicuous area of ﬂoor. 	先在地板不显眼的位置对清洁剂进行先期测试。 
We must unswervingly promote reform of the housing system and construction of housing for the benefit of the people.	我们要坚定不移地推进住房改革和建设，让人民群众安居乐业。
What about math? You'll just pick answers? 	数学呢？随便选答案吗？ 
We have deep - fried Martian cockroach.	我们有炸火星蟑螂。
Her cheeks flamed an angry red.	她气得脸涨红了。
The washington post reports that the chinese went on a shopping spree recently, taking advantage of fire-sale prices to lock up global supplies of oil, minerals, and other strategic resources for their economy.	据华盛顿邮报报道，中国人最近正在大肆采购，利用目前灾难性的价格锁定那些支持其经济的石油、原材料和其他战略物资的全球供应。
Elastic bands, for example, are infinitely better than glue.	比如，带弹性的橡皮圈比胶强多了。
I hate to burst your bubble, but I'll never be cured. It's genetic.	别期望太高，我是治不好的。这是遗传的。
Turns out my mom's a liar. And my father is a circus freak.	结果是我妈是个骗子。我爸是个杂技团的变态。
What's worse: me doing it, if anything has been done or you covering it up?	哪件事比较糟：如果发生什么事，是我做，还是你掩饰？
But I found, it's supposedly cursed, 	不过，我发现它大概是被诅咒了， 
Oh, these look good - "guilt - free steak - fish fillets. 	噢，这个看起来不错" 无害鱼排片 
A lot of it was destroyed permanently.	因为很多都被永久性破坏了。
I took my split from cherry hill, 	我离开了樱桃山， 
From Oregon to California. 	所有适合我们抢劫的银行。 
Wait, wait. No, not yet.	等等，等等。不，还没。
You are stalking me.	是你在偷偷跟着我。
I picked the lock. I left you a message.	我把锁撬了。我给你留口信了。
India appears to race across the ocean.	可看出印度快速地越过了海洋。
I put it in my safe this morning. 	今早我把它放在保险箱里了。 
We did it!	我们赢了！
Fine. We can skip the pleasantries. 	很好。我们就跳过寒暄的那一套吧。 
. They were trying to stop you. Now is not the time, major!	他们正试图阻止你。现在不是时候，少校！
What have you done to them? 	你对他们怎么了？ 
My mother accepted! 	我母亲答应了！ 
Methods to reduce temperature of the resistance chips were put forward by analysis of the computation result.	通过计算结果分析，提出了降低电阻片表面温度的方法。
Progress on clinical and experimental research of "great decoction for purgation"	古方"大承气汤"的临床与实验研究进展
I've just done it. Honey, just one time	我刚刚作完啊。宝贝，就一次
I managed to acquire a few before the replicator planet was destroyed.	在复制者星球被摧毁前我设法搞到了几个。
Yeah, but I mean... That's like... Dude, just forget it. 	嗯，但我是说……那太……老兄这个就算了。 
New england foodservice& lodging exposition& conference.	新英格兰食品服务会议和展览。
The l. T. Asks the little boy, 	中尉就问小男孩， 
That can make it difficult to think about the wider reach of unethical choices.	这样一来，他们就很难想象失德的选择将会造成的深远影响。
I don't know. All I know is, they took him.	我不晓得。我只知道他们劫走了他。
To a very good approximation the total energy is conserved.	作为一个非常好的近似，这里的总能量是守恒的。
This unique device communications and so to say time traveling gizmo will also show info about the people who created or helped create such works of art.	这个独一无二的设备可以用来交流，把它称作时间旅行小发明可以让那些创造以及帮助创造这类艺术品的人更了解它。
This isn't a rattler maybe you want to break out the gear	不是我多嘴你最好把它的毒牙拔掉
In winter, ski trips to hokkaido island in japan are popular, and the flight is under eight hours.	在冬季有许多人喜欢去日本的北海道滑雪，到那里的飞行时间不到8个小时。
And there's not the least amount of justice I can bring to her. 	我却无法为她伸张正义。 
Do you remember the guy I was telling you about last night? 	你记得我昨晚跟你说的那个人吗？ 
Yeah, I guess my skin cleared up 	是啊，我猜我皮肤好点了 
That night, while you are sleeping, your entire business burns down.	那晚，在你睡觉时，你的整个公司都被烧毁了。
6 disagree, 1 agree	六个反对，一个赞成
Well does that mean that... 	嗯那意味着... 
so, does this new handler of yours set all her meetings with crossword puzzles?	所以，你的新接头人就用份填字游戏来安排见面？
The... The kiss. 	我是说... 那个吻。 
Hi. You having a tough time? 	嗨。你最近不怎么好？ 
You don't step left, you push on the right toe.	不是向左迈步，而是右脚趾用力。
Come on, it's not even half of what I owe you. 	好啦，还不到我欠你的一半。 
A dozen of them may inhabit one outcrop.	它们中的一些居住在露岩。
You're supposed to get me a surprise gift. 	你该给我个惊喜。 
The company has begun a mentoring program that encourages people who are retired or are about to retire to share knowledge with newer employees.	公司开展了一个良师益友项目，此项目可以鼓励退休或即将退休的人与新员工分享经验。
The target may have been the centrifuges at its nuclear refinery at natanz.	目标可能是其在纳坦兹核炼铀厂的离心机。
I mean, your pain's too raw, right? 	我是说，你的伤痛，很明显？ 
I recommend we let them get back to it.	我建议让他们回去工作。
Server republishing is not allowed using the specified publishing license.	不允许使用指定的发布许可证进行服务器重新发布。
The only thing that matters is that you're safe. 	你安全了就好了。 
What has changed are the installation options.	那没有什么变化，变化的是安装的选项。
No. I mean "out" as in "out.	不我是说" 出局。
Gentlemen, what's our ETA? One hour and ten minutes. 	先生们，我们什么时候能到？1小时10分钟之后到达。 
I was in an off broad way play with goddamn Pacino.	我刚演完非百老汇的受诅咒的匹诺曹。
He was more zealous than the zealots.	他比那些崇拜狂还积极。
I hear you, brother. 	兄弟，我听见你的话了。 
Because she likes him? 	因为她喜欢他？ 
We not only had the trading floor going here on the 5th floor,	我们这里在5楼有交易大厅，
Fine. I'll call. 	好吧。翻牌。 
I know. I know you had sex with an alter. It's okay. 	我知道。我知道你和分身做爱了没关系。 
Well, let me run the numbers for you.	好吧，让我用数字来告诉你吧。
Yeah, I - I guess it feels kind of funky. 	嗯，我觉得应该挺潮吧。 
Whatever he can't live with. 	利用任何他无法忍受的东西。 
In the will it said yes. 	在遗嘱上来说是的。 
At the proximal phalangeal joint. 	在最邻近关节。 
I don't believe it's nature.	我不相信这是自然现象。
Treaty between the russian federation and the republic of belarus on the equal rights of citizens;	俄罗斯联邦和白俄罗斯共和国关于公民权利平等的条约；
The entire administration wing is quarantined. 	整个行政楼已被隔离。 
From Alabama to Wyoming 	从阿拉巴马到怀俄明 
I'm going to go to the funeral. 	我要去参加葬礼。 
Those who are sent back are treated as "traitors" and are incarcerated in re-education camps, where corporal punishment, forced labor and other human rights abuses remain rampant, according to north koreans who have survived the camps and defected to south korea.	那些被遣送回国的都被当作“叛徒”来对待，并且会被监禁在再教育营地里，根据从再教育营地幸存下来并叛逃到韩国的北朝鲜人的说法，那里体罚、强迫劳动以及其他侵犯人权的暴行司空见惯。
doesn't mean I don't have needs.	不代表我没有需求。
I don't want him posturing. 	我不希望他装模作样。 
When I heard she was to marry another, I was filled with hate.	当我听说她要嫁做人妇时，我心中满是恨意。
But what that really means is this -	但是这实际上意味着–
Why don't we wire the governor to send us a sheriff? 	我们何不发电报给州长让他派一个警长来？ 
No! Your Majesty! Calm yourselves! 	别这样！皇上！冷静！ 
But I have like 12 walls to get through. 	但我在身边设下重重防备。 
I don't know whether to be delighted or outraged.	我不知道应该高兴还是生气。
Guests enjoy modern and spacious rooms with features that include high-speed wired and wireless Internet access, cable television with HBO?, a microwave, refrigerator and a complimentary continental breakfast each morning. 	客人可以享受现代化舒适房间，配有高速有线和无线网、家庭影院式有线电视、一个微波炉、冰箱和每天清晨供应的一份免费欧式早餐。 
No, not "we," mija. You.	不是我们只是你。
I guess it's good enough for a plumber's wife.	我想对于一个水管工的妻子就没的说了。
I'm looking at these bracelets again.	我又在看这些手链了。
Mr. Popper, sorry to waste your time	波普先生，抱歉占用您的时间
If they can't find me, then l really don't know who can. 	如果他们找不到我，那我就真的不知道谁还能找到我了。 
You don't have that problem at all, do you?	你完全不存在这个问题，对不对？
But you said you'd move my spaceship 	但你们说你们把我的太空船搬走 
Oh, yeah? Excellent. 	是么？太棒了。 
What is it you're worried about, looking bad at the P. T.A.?	你担心什么呢，家庭教师协会？
Oh, it will if you don't wake up, start doing your job.	会的，如果你还不清醒做好你工作的话。
No. that's not fair to monsieur de valmont.	不.对维蒙特先生来说不公平.
What's wrong with your head? 	你头怎么啦？ 
Just a smidge, huh?	稍微，是吧？
Getting to her is the easy part. 	找到她还算容易。 
KGB minders. Mind them.	他们是克格勃的特务要当心。
A recent U.S. Treasury department report 	一项最近的美国财政部报告 
To recognize it as a proof I always keep his photo with me. 	为了当作认尸的证据我一直都带着他的照片 
Do you know what toxicologists and geology experts cost?	你知道要请毒物和地质专家要花多少钱吗？
Likelihood of a 16 - year - old having sex: roughly 120%. 	十六岁少年有性行为的机率：大约是120% 。 
I can cast a simple enchantment 	我能施个简单的魔法 
She doesn't love me enough?	她不再那么爱我了？
Orally. You'd prefer to take a pill, right? 	口服。你是选择吃药，对吧？ 
My shield.	我的警徽。
Moffit did lead us through like we owned the place.	我们进来时感觉就像是自己的地盘一样。
And I suppose your protege wouldn't act out like that, right?	而且你的跟班应该不会这么做，对吧？
He could have killed me if he wanted so... 	如果他想的话，他可能已经杀了我所以.... 
Hey, wait a minute, I've not seen her for 1 3 years. 	嘿，等会。我已经13年没见过她了。 
The idea of blowing up their prized car sky high is lovely, 	把他们最值钱的车炸上天是个美好的想法， 
You're still just a kid.	你现在看起来还是一个孩子。
All right, why were you in the backyard?	你为什么在他们后院？
Method used is to analyze the basic 3d cadastre information and compare various data of 3d spatial models based on the practical examples of urban development in china.	研究方法：结合中国城市发展的实例和地籍管理需求，分析三维地籍基本形态，比较各类三维空间数据模型。
Aah! 'cause you wouldn't have believed me. 	因为你不会相信我的。 
It'll be you dragged along by your heels. 	你就是他的下场 
Well, the brigade's been talking, and if you don't chill out... 	嗯，委员会讨论过了，如果你不反对…… 
We can do something else. Bye. 	我们可以干点别的。再见。 
Hey, what's wrong with her? 	嘿，她怎么了？ 
The victims' homes, and the red ones show 	受害者的住处红色代表 
Okay, let's see what you've got,	好的，我们来看看你会什么，
There were some atrocities at the beginning of world war I,	一战初期的部分暴行令人毛骨悚然，
Or you stay in the game and we go on.	或者你留在游戏里，我们继续。
I'll be fine here. 	我在这儿会很好的。 
You see, a simple piece of rope if the most effective device 	你们知道吗？不要小看这一小段绳子 
You know, that day	你知道吗，那天
Okay, bridaI bingo very simpIe, okay?	好的，新娘宾果，很简单？
Because I live in the States.	因为我家在美国。
Regarding game night, which is obviously not gonna happen,	关于娱乐夜的，很明显无法进行了，
You two have shamed me in frontof the Chicago art world. 	你们两个让我在芝加哥艺术界面前丢尽了脸。 
With a lag, growth should resume in coming months.	由于有滞后性，工资在未来几个月应该还会继续增长。
don't talk like this. You've gotta... 	别这么说，你应该-. 
The x1 carbon is lenovo's take on the minimalist laptop prefer by power travelers.	X1Carbon是联想推出的一款极限简约风格笔记本，最适合有身份的商旅人士使用。
No sooner had we set out than a thunderstorm broke.	我们一动身就遇上了大雷雨。
We're gonna find who did this. 	我们会抓住干这事的人。 
That's because it can take three weeks or longer for them to get to market, according to mr. klein.	据他所说，因为这些坚果要花三周或者更长的时间才能到达市场。
Your training paid off.	你受过的训练起了作用。
Silk is favorable tribute in feudalistic dynasty, as well as luxury goods in west countries.	丝绸是封建朝廷的受宠贡品，更是风靡西方的奢侈品。
I mean, this morning I walked by a place 	今天早上我经过一个地方 
Leave it! Go!	别管它！快走！
It's often impossible fo rsmall companies ot compete with the great juggernauts of industry.	小公司往往不可能同强大的工业集团抗衡。
After the sacrifice, Klaus will be vulnerable, weak. 	在祭祀之后，克劳斯会变得非常的虚弱无力。 
Yes, I mean, the police are looking, too. I'm sorry. Let me take this. 	是的，我的意思是，警察也在找她。不好意思。我会处理这事的。 
That's better than a broken washing machine.	总比弄垮洗衣机好。
But demand could be affected by the limited capacity of the potala palace, the historic residence of the dalai lamas, tibet's spiritual leaders.	但是布达拉宫的有限容量可能会影响乘车需求，布达拉宫是西藏精神领袖达赖喇嘛具有历史意义的住处。
And, if we can mimic that pattern, we can trick the scanner into thinking 	我们能模仿这种特征的话，就能骗扫描器相信 
I need to speak to mother superior. It's rather urgent.	我想和院长谈谈，这事很急。
Okay, but only a drag. 	但只要一口。 
And the children away at school or grown up,	孩子们也长大或上学了，
After nine years... 	九年后的今天…… 
It delayed the "sequester" ( across-the-board automatic spending cuts) for just two months. It did not raise the legal debt ceiling.	该协议将“隔离”（全面的、自动的开支消减）推迟了两个月，并且没有提高债务上限。
Countries with policies preventing their diffusion lost out.	用政策来防止信息技术扩散的国家只有死路一条。
No booze. No weed. No pussy.	禁止饮酒。禁止大麻。禁止女人。
He lied to you. And how do you know that?	他骗了你。你怎么知道？
Whatever the fuck it is.	管他妈是啥呢。
Cut it out, she thinks she's getting a father, not a blood test 	得了吧，她以为她得到的是父亲，而不是血液鉴定 
She left him, moved in with relatives - 	她离开了查斯克，搬去亲戚家- 
Like you're a motherfucking woman.	以为自己是个女人了。
Stop crying or I'll shoot! I swear! 	别哭了否则我就开枪了！我发誓！ 
Oh man! And 1 thought that they Haven't had sex for ages. 	哦，伙计！我还以为他们已经多少年没做爱了。 
You can't do this to me. You can't say these things.	你不能这样对我。你不能说这些话。
And then you - you got a good horse? 	接下来你- 你有一匹好马吗？ 
General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle.	戴尔将军只是这种理念下一个极端的例子。
They had 30 days to respond or they would be removed from the voter rolls.	他们有30天的时间来回复或者他们会在选民名册上被除名。
Come on !- what am I - 	拜托！我- 
I saw it first!	我先看到的！
I'll know if anyone else comes on this line. 	如果有人插进来，我会知道。 
God wasn't actually denying my sexuality. 	上帝没有阻止我拥有性欲。 
Because he always wanted to be better than he was. 	因为他总想超越自我。 
What? Oh. Yes. Right? 	什么？哦看到了看到了么？ 
Control was indeed dead.	总管就真的死了。
don't, sandrina.	别这样，桑德拉。
God. What do these euro douches have over me? 	唉。这些欧洲崽子哪里比我厉害？ 
Great morale booster.	你真会鼓舞士气。
Us authorities have in recent months recalled or turned away a number of chinese products, including toothpaste, toys containing lead paint, ingredients for pet food, fish and tyres.	近几个月来，美国有关部门召回或退回了许多中国产品，其中包括牙膏、含有铅涂料的玩具、宠物食品成分、鱼和轮胎。
I had this boyfriend and I thought we were monogamous.	以为男友和我是彼此的唯一。
Seatbelts, please! OK, Whidbey island. 	拜托！系好安全带，好了，出发喽。 
Based on business contract with our customers, we desire and request you to issue sea waybill instead of original bill of lading under below circumstance.	鉴于我司与客户间的业务合同,我司特要求贵司在以下条件下签发海运单,而无须正本提单。
The current system usually works.	目前的系统通常运作正常。
It's like twisting one's limbs 	就如折断她的手脚一样 
He's still questioning the workers at the site.	他还在现场问工人呢。
All right, let me just say, 	好，我这么说吧， 
Practice on it.	就在那上面练。
Tod's left...	站在左边...
Seems like a lot of people have opinions about things 	好像很多人都喜欢 
Locked in a room with metal.	一整天的人。
Leslie hawke, an american campaigner who runs a charity in romania, notes that "the law that makes schooling mandatory...... is not implemented, but the law that prevents registration of a child over the age of nine is strictly enforced".	莱斯莉霍克，一位在罗马尼亚经营一个慈善机构的美国前竞选人，她说明：“法律让教育变成强制性的，不是可实施的，但阻止超过9岁的孩子注册教育的法律却被严格执行。”
For their first session,	做第一个疗程，
It has been legal since a voter-approved amendment to the state constitution in 2000, but the for-profit side only took off two years ago after the legislature allowed individual counties and towns more flexibility in interpreting the rules.	药用大麻合法化始于2000年投票通过的州宪法修正案，但是药用大麻营利产业蓬勃发展还是在两年之前，那时候立法机关允许各郡和镇更灵活地阐释法律条例。
And lo and behold, she shows up pregnant.	你看她怀孕了。
Okay, hand it over. 	好了，电话给我。 
I mean, I have no reason to think that. 	我是说，我没有理由这么认为。 
On our enterprise.	在我们进取号上？
They can only do that by going through the stargate.	它们只有通过星际之门才能做到这一点。
Stepping down on the brake he went from one hundred twenty miles per hour to fifty in a matter of seconds.	制动器上退下来，他从每小时一百二十公里到五十在几秒钟的事。
I'm talking about surviving. 	我们得活下来。 
He pushed a plump little hand towards me.	他把一只胖胖的小手朝我伸了过来。
Galaxy clusters are the largest objects bound by gravity in the universe.	银河系星云是宇宙中通过重力相连的最大的物体。
However, your flying privileges will be suspended for six months. 	但是你的飞行权会被暂时吊销六个月。 
By 190 zeiss had developed and manufactured the "stereocomparator"; an instrument that would permit the measurement of relative distances, and reveal changes within a star field by comparing one image against another simultaneously.	190年，蔡司公司设计生产了"stereocomparator"立体测远计，能够测量天体间距，能够通过对比恒星系的天文图象来揭示天体的变化。
She had all the classic symptoms. Because someone gave her them.	她出现了所有典型症状。那也是别人给的。
How thrilling it must be to go bankrupt.	一想到破产就让人发抖。
Rock above the crater's surface was at one time a lava pool that solidified.	火山口表面上的岩石曾经是个凝固了的岩浆池。
The entire budget of this baby is deferred against back - end profit. 	当然如果票房收的好的话又另当别论。 
You got blood, man. 	你头上有血。 
Use the select items button to choose mail folders, newsgroups, and directories for synchronization.	使用“选择项目”按钮来选择要求同步的邮件夹、新闻组和目录。
Trina, you gotta talk to me before you go making promises to anybody.	trina你答应别人之前应该先和我商量的。
For obvious reasons, I couldn't wait for your permission.	因为时间上的关系，我不得不在你们答复前行动。
She's good. - back to the trash Ordinance, sir. 	太厉害了。- 先生，又说回垃圾条例。 
They possess mystical powers that allow them to travel the spirit world strike with stealth or monstrous force and even call on the forces of the earth itself.	他们具有的神奇能力使他们能够在精力世界旅游，与鬼祟或许畸形的能力战争甚至能呼唤出田地本身的力气。
From avuncular buttock pat.	强度从 伯父慈爱掌。
I made you a nice big turkey sandwich 	我给你做了个美味的大份火鸡三明治 
You'll forgive me if I'm not feeling especially cooperative	你得原谅我跟你的合作也许不会太愉快
And the hands that lifted you caress your face, 	和手，举起你的抚摸你的脸， 
Why did you make promises to this woman 	为什么你要给这个女人许诺？ 
But not for free 	但是不是免费的 
She's supposed to be in jail. 	她应该在监狱里。 
Finish your Shirley temple. 	喝你们的酒吧。 
Well, I'm off to buy scratchers 	我要赶紧去买猫抓板去 
Hang on! - you know what got me? 	抓住！- 你知道是什么打败了我吗？ 
In china, an abortion procedure is as common as having one's tonsils removed.	在中国，流产手术再普通不过了，简直就像切除扁桃体。
India, going against the international trend of peace, conducted five underground nuclear tests within 48 hours.	印度逆国际和平潮流而动，在48小时内进行了五次地下核试验。
If it's stolen -  Turn around! 	如果被偷了或是弄丢了 - 转身！ 
There are plenty of options. 	我有很多种选择。 
The hippest of hip new nightclubs.	时尚界最火的夜店。
Yeah, I think you should have been on the floor, you're shorter. 	是的，我觉得你应该来做的，因为你矮一点。 
Where are we going? Keep your mouth shut. 	我们去哪？儿？闭嘴。 
Funny thing is if you asked me	有意思的是如果你在三个月之前问我
Visitors can see many of these historic objects at the visitor center at the entrance to jamestown.	观光者可以在同往詹姆士镇的入口处的游客中心看到许多历史文物。
Circulation, ventilation, control. 	循环 ，流通，控制。 
SuddenIy, I sat down on a bench. 	突然我在一个长凳上坐下了。 
How blokes, when they see a girl 	当小伙子他们看到一个他们喜欢 
We have thoughtfully considered the feedback, carefully reviewed the return, repair and replacement policies with regulators, and examined how we communicate our hardware warranties as well as manage our service provider compliance.	我们不仅对这些意见进行了深刻的反思，与相关部门一起仔细研究了“三包”规定，还审视了我们维修政策的沟通方式，并梳理了我们对Apple授权服务提供商的管理规范。
Sex and greed.	性欲和贪欲。
She will. Oh God, God!	她会。哦天哪，天哪！
That, of course, is the prime directive of warehouse agents.	当然，这也是仓库特工的首要任务。
Beautiful and mean? I've got chills. 	又漂亮又挑剔？我有点害怕了。 
Such a lovely girl! Who-ever would want to kill her?	多么可爱的女孩啊！究竟是谁要杀她呢？
Please, shoot me if I ever become that hard to deal with. 	拜讬，对我开枪吧。如果我变得那么难以沟通的话。 
I found the e-mails setting up Danny's meeting with Gilani.	我发现了一封安排丹尼与吉拉尼会面的邮件。
But there's still one person who I think of who might know. 	但我想到还有个人可能知道。 
If I'd had any sense, I'd have killed him. 	如果我有预感，就该杀了他。 
They grab the phones	他们搜出手机
Ubs made an unexpected loss in the third quarter, as net outflows from clients mounted in its private-banking business.	由于私人银行业务客户的资金大量流出，瑞士联合银行集团在第三季度遭遇亏损高于预期。
And I haven't found what I'm looking for yet, 	不过，我还没找到想要的内容， 
I go to the races to watch you make art.	我去赛场看你挥洒才气。
I saw him. He went into the tent.	我看到他了，他进了帐篷。
The murals that concentrate only on icons give an incomparable beauty to it.	只专于肖像的壁画给予它无与伦比的美丽。
Reports every ten minutes. 	每十分钟报告一次。 
Do you think they'll ever forgive us for what we've done? 	你认为他们会对我们所做的原谅我们吗？ 
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own. 	我不认为花老爸的钱买新衣可以让你变得独立。 
Okay, make it two. 	好吧，两分钟内赶到。 
It's very hot, isn't it? 	今天太热了？ 
They had several beers, and left separately around 1:00 a. M. 	喝了几杯啤酒大约凌晨1点各自离开。 
Do you think we say cheese when taking a picture in jail? 	你觉得我们在监狱照相时会说茄子？ 
I'm joking, you guys. Come on.	我开玩笑，哥们儿们。别这样。
I found these flowers growing in the deepest parts of the jungle. 	我在丛林深处找到这些花。 
Even a simple task, like wiggling a toe, engages many parts of the brain.	即便是一个简单的任务，像摆动脚趾，也涉及到人脑好几个部分。
3 for $1 0. I'm sorry. 	三条十块钱。不好意思。 
Must be a piece of piss working in here. Just sitting down watching telly all day.	做这份工作感觉一定很糟吧。每天就是坐在这里盯着那些监视器。
I didn't know it was him.	我不知道是他。
Broadband Internet connection in every guest room 	每间客房都提供宽带互联网连接 
And be ready to drive a stick. 	准备好开手动挡车。 
And now. The dance of passion! The dance of captivation!	接下来。充满激情之舞！充满魅力之舞！
What's her temperature? Thirty - nine - point - five. 	她的体温如何？39.5？ 
The kind of company you can exit from, the kind of company that you hear tossed around at cocktail parties like, "he sure has a lot of money now!"	那种你能退出的公司，那种你在鸡尾酒会上听到的折腾人的公司，诸如，“他现在肯定有很多钱了！”
Moody, please! Moody! 	穆迪，求你了！穆迪！ 
You're home! You're ho - ho - ho - home! Hee hee! 	你到家啦！你到家-家-家-家啦！嘻嘻！ 
Y ou Haven't lost your appetite for ice - creams! 	你还是那么馋冰淇淋！ 
More than half of facebook's 900 million users world-wide access the site via the mobile web.	facebook全球9亿用户中，超过一半的用户通过移动终端对facebook进行访问。
You know, after I did that six months in county.	就因为我在郡里待了半年。
The next thing you know, you turn around and he's gone.	接下来你发现，他就这样走了。
Screw your ""misunderstanding". 	去你妈的“误会”。 
Four water park passes come with a room except for a room that is booked for a single queen. 	除了单人大床房外，每个客房都连着4个水上公园通道。 
What were you doing? You were counting them?	你刚才在干啥默数吗?
Try rendering animal fat. 	为了提取动物脂肪。 
Broad daylight, city street, and they knew your route. 	光天化日下城市大街上他们知道你的路线。 
Call it my Eureka moment.	我的神奇时刻要来了。
The blonde does an lndian shimmy, the redhead a chinese shimmy.	那个金发碧眼的跳印度希迷舞，那个红头发的跳中国希迷舞。
On extra crispy chicken skin!	一起涂在加脆的炸鸡皮上！
The much bigger questions raised by this case are whether all apple's innovations should have been granted a patent in the first place; and the degree to which technology stalwarts and start-ups alike should be able to base their designs on the breakthroughs of others.	通过这个案子被掀起的更大的问题是苹果的发明是否需要被全部给与第一位的专利；并且技术中坚和初创企业相似到什么程度应该能将他们的设计作为别人突破的基础。
Invent things out of thin air. That's what you're paid for.	你臆造新闻也无所谓。反正你本行就是干这些。
Not if the president has explicitly said not to.	但这是在董事长没有明确表示不同意的情况下。
You're already looking at assaulting a police officer. Don't make it harder on yourself. 	你已经袭警了。别再给自己罪加一等。 
I don't think I'm in love with him anymore.	我想我再也不会爱他了。
And every year they put on a talent show and I help them with their dances.	每年他们都进行才艺表演我教他们跳舞。
I polished floors in this place for over thirty years. 	我在这个地方拖了30多年的地。 
Secure the ground connection to the right longitudinal member.	将接地连接固定到右侧纵梁上。
Tamora, was it you?	泰莫拉，是你吗？
I never found the ring. 	我再也没找到那枚戒指。 
Domestic lenders are concentrating on repairing their balance sheets; foreign ones are being pressured to focus on their home countries.	国内贷款人正想方设法平衡其资产负债表，国外贷款人则受到压力，不得不将资金集中于本国市场。
I'll give it the half an hour.	我只待半个点。
In the us, the ofr has worked with the securities and exchange commission to start collecting information from hedge funds.	在美国，金融研究办公室与证交会（sec）合作，开始从对冲基金那里收集信息。
And talking like a borderline suicide. 	像个边缘自杀者一样说话。 
I'll get you back. You will.	我应该把你赶回家去。是啊
Say? - he's a gluttonous baby. 	什么？- 他就像个暴食的小孩。 
LI count 15 people. I'm still not seeing either target. 	我数到有15人。仍没发现目标。 
The concepts and design of distributed dbms 1.	分布式dbms的概念与设计。
He'll have farther to come. 	他来程所飞行的距离就更远。 
If that were true, if any of this were true, 	如果那是真的，如果这一切都是真的， 
Room 12 is to the right? I'll show you.	往右走到12号教室，对吗？我带你去。
But your debts stay the same size.	但债务却停留在原有规模。
L have just talked with the president pauloazeredo. 	我刚刚和保罗。阿泽拉多主席谈过了。 
Is tmerethere anytminganything else? TmeseThese didn't work last time.	有其他的吗？这些对我没效。
Want to cut people today, hm? 	你想把人置于死地吗？ 
Because "you are what you eat". 	因为" 你吃故你在。 
I fee sorry for the villagers, but it's their destiny. 	我对村民感到遗憾，但这是他们的命。 
Because in Greek legend, 	因为在希腊神话中， 
Just be sure and mention the fact... 	务必要提到... 
If it's a girl, I'll name her Carole. 	如果是女孩，我会命名她为卡洛。 
Kazakhstan sent 8 boxers to the 2004 olympics. Three of them won medals, one each of gold, sliver and bronze.	哈萨克斯坦共派出8名拳击运动员参加2004年的雅典奥运会，其中3人都获得了奖牌，金、银、铜牌各一枚。
She eventually agreed to wear the clothes on special occasions: at fashion shows, at weddings, or at afghan forums.	最终她答应在时装表演、婚礼和阿富汗移民聚会等特殊场合穿着“库奇”。
There are many ways. 	三十六计。 
Oh, no... - I know this is difficult, 	哦，不... 我知道这很难接受， 
I don't care! I do. 	我不关心！我关心。 
Will you tell me if you find out the name?	你知道了能告诉我吗？
Oh, hello. - Please take my jacket. - so that's just it? 	你好。- 请帮我挂下外套。- 就是因为这个？ 
Oh, gee, thank you so much. I'm a coffee addict.	哦，非常感谢。我对咖啡有瘾。
Used to belong to beau James,	曾经归我们的前任市长，
We go the extra few miles to make you as comfortable as possible during your stay, priding ourselves on our friendly folks and exceptional efficiency! 	我们在工作上精益求精，努力使您在住宿期间感到舒适，并为我们友好的工作人员和令人惊奇的工作效率感到骄傲！ 
Um, tonight. I'm free tonight. 	今晚吧。我晚上没事。 
Oh, he's gross. 	哦，他好粗鲁啊 
It'd fall off, wouldn't it? 	你身子骨，还好吧？ 
What you did is like a slap on my face! 	你这样做很不给我面子！ 
Thanks to spag Union 	感谢斯巴格联合学校 
I had the good fortune of working with you and becoming	我有幸在获奖电影" 关于斯蒂夫的一切" 中
Hot dog?	吃热狗吗？
In this scene in the movie, the two characters have a big fight.	在电影里的这一场戏，两个角色大吵一架。
The chinese government has agreed proposals to restrict the growth of college enrollments so as to improve teaching conditions and ease graduate employment pressures.	中国政府就限制扩招达成了一致意见，以提高教学质量、缓解毕业生就业压力。
I like it here, though. 	不过，我喜欢这里。 
You got to deal with it	你要在机会消失前
If you suffer from these problems you can file them down with a pumice stone.	如果你遭受这些问题，你可以用一块磨脚石把它锉去。
I'm like a warrior. 	我演个斗士。 
Wait until after the broadcast. No.	等录影完後再说。我不能等。
When you got released from met Gen was to take it easy. 	医生说要好好放松。 
Would-be entrepreneurs are further handicapped by falling asset prices, since they might want to use their homes as collateral for a start-up loan.	信用稀缺，且不断下降的资产价格更成为未来的企业家们创业的进一步障碍，因此他们可能以房屋为抵押，从而获得启动资金。
For you, they fell off the back of a truck.	给你，从卡车上掉下的。
All right, ma, let's go. 	妈咱们走。 
Find out what.	把它找到。
There are two melting machines.	这里有两台溶解机器。
Put the sender on the left and silver on the right.	把发送者放在左边，斯列佛在右。
Well, the gentleman has been detained by the histrionics of his mercurial star. 	好吧，那位先生被留住了因为他的明星表演。 
Okay. Here it is. I got it.	好吧。我想到了。我有一个了。
The only structure of note 	方圆20公里内 
The american chamber of commerce, for example, routinely denounces epa regulations as "job-killing".	比如美国商会，一直在谴责环保署的法规是“就业杀手”。
Look, it's up to you.	听着，全取决于你。
My God, I call you by day but you do not answer	我的神啊，我白天喊着您但从来没听到回音
I wanted you. I wanted you desperately, but I didn't think you wanted me.	我当时太需要你了，但我想你并不需要我。
Not tonight. Good. 	今晚没有。很好。 
Whether or not all three rounds were fired from the same weapon	以及射出的三发子弹是否出自同一支枪
Get pulling us in like that.	把我们带入那样的状态
He would be China's last emperor. 	他成了清朝最后一位皇帝。 
But I loved her. 	不过，我爱她。 
Yeah? How about you? You all right, sweetheart?	是吗？你呢？宝贝儿你还好吗？
No self-respecting woman 	有自尊的女人 
Now, you handle that knowledge by imposing this...	现在，你的应对方式是将...
Miss russell's mammaries are no more prominent -  	拉塞尔小姐的乳房 -  
New york city to promote his free condom program, also encountered resistance from local catholics.	他在纽约市推广的免费安全套项目，也遭遇当地天主教人士的抵制。
Excellent, Sam.	好极了，山姆。
If I told him about our little dance last night, your pool would pretty soon dry up. 	如果我告诉他咱俩昨晚的小游戏你的伎俩就完蛋了。 
What I'm getting at is constipation. Both literal and subconscious.	我指的是便秘实际上和下意识的便秘。
But sometimes, see,	但有时候，
I told you we'd have a little time to celebrate. 	我就说我们会有一些些时间可以庆祝一下。 
His fantasies come from the mannerisms, gestures and subtle cues you send him.	他的幻想来自于你的言谈举止，以及你给他的一些微妙的暗示。
Which Ludmilla? There're ludmillas by the dozens here. 	哪个露德米拉？这里有一打露德米拉。 
It had burning red eyes, and it was glowing, John, 	有血红的眼睛，会闪闪发光，约翰， 
That will all change if we're successful here.	一旦我们成功的话一切都会改变。
You said what I said was fault?	你说我说的是错的？
Article 45 the new partner who has been admitted to the partnership shall have equal rights, and share equal liabilities with the original partners.	第四十五条入伙的新合伙人与原合伙人享有同等权利，承担同等责任。
The leaders of the french revolution issued their declaration of the rights of man--not the rights of frenchmen.	法国大革命的领导们颁布了《人权宣言》--而不是法国人的人权。
For now, since you've endured long,	现在，你已经忍受够了，
You want to help, better getyourself some rubber gloves. 	你要想帮忙带上手套帮忙收尸吧。 
How could you? What? First you break up with me, and then you show up here with this tramp?	你怎么能这样？什么？先和我分手，然后跟这个混蛋一起来？
Before she got behind the wheel.	她曾用酒服过止痛片
I'm not scared. I don't shut myself up. I'm not afraid of my own shadow. 	我不怕。我不会闭上自己的嘴的。我不怕自己的影子。 
So if we could get a better look, 	我们只要能看得再仔细些， 
But since I have you in front of me right now,	但是既然我们现在面对面，
I have no idea what that satchel was doing	我不知道挎包和
I'll do that, Mr. Ambassador. Thank you.	好的，大使先生。谢谢。
He fell for four minutes and 36 seconds, reaching 714mph 	他下落了4分钟36秒，达到了714英里每小时的速度 
I put these brothers on, and I just move. 	我就放着这些音乐，随着它翩翩起舞。 
My socks itch.	我的袜子痒痒。
Now I've gotta start all over.	我得从头开始了。
Security council resolution 1973, which authorised the no-fly zone and other measures, listed a long set of humanitarian concerns and justifications.	安理会1973号决议批准了设立禁飞区和其它措施，还罗列出了许多人道主义关切和理由。
Oh, God. She's a therapist. 	上帝，她是位治疗师。 
Blake: my job as a coach is to hear somebody that's unique,	作为一个导师我要找到独一无二的声音，
You must leave this house. 	你得离开这个家。 
Oh, maybe someday medicine .	或许有天会有什么药物。
That's why you're the right person. - it's just not going well. 	所以你才是最佳人选。- 一切都不顺。 
You got to figure it out - yeah, no doubt 	你得自己想清楚- 嗯绝对 
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. See that guy?	当然。看到那男人了吗？
Even Skinner has stealth. 	即使斯格那，起码会隐形， 
About earlier - it's all taken care of.	早些时候... 都弄好了。
I need to get some things from my quarters. Research data. 	我要到我房里去拿研究资料。 
Nothing in this crisis suggests that these companies must all be renationalised as soon as possible.	此次危机中没有任何情况表明，必须尽快将这些企业重新收归国有。
I was in a pet store with my mother.	当时我和妈妈在一家宠物店。
I leave you proudly, with my proud little face.	我非常自豪的把我那骄傲的小脸留给你。
Uh, no. I'm kind of a germ freak. Ooh, you like showering.	呃，不是。我有点洁癖。哦，你喜欢洗澡。
Article 83 with respect to the various categories of insurance for a foreign-capital enterprise, it shall take out insurance from insurance companies within the territory of china.	第八十三条外资企业的各项保险，应当向中国境内的保险公司投保。
Figured you'd be at a party	你以为这是在派对上
Pegasus ultraswitch data shows slow, but encouraging signs of improvement for the hospitality industry.	pegasus ultraswitch的数据表明酒店行业显示出了缓慢但是令人鼓舞的增长迹象。
New mortgage loans climbed to historic highs in the second half of 2006.	2006年下半年，台湾新增按揭贷款攀升至历史高位。
That's why it gives him too much to call him a monster.	这就是为什么这个人过于复杂，以至于不能称他为怪物。
Well, I didn't, but I - it turns out I have been... 	是的，我的确不认识，不过- 我突然发现曾经…… 
Stay on the pitch more than 3 minutes no red cards 	上场三分钟以上不能拿红牌 
I'm the deacon. 	我是帝刚。 
I'm lieutenant mauser, lapd. Who are you?	我是洛杉矶警署的mauser中尉你是谁？
It's kind of crazy in here, so stay on your feet. 	有点乱，走的时候小心点。 
Do I get my own bedroom? Yeah.	我有自己的卧室吗？有。
He's all yours, milady.	他都是你的，女孩儿。
Y - you're certainly not ready to quit therapy. 	你还不能放弃治疗。 
1998 was a Friday. 	是个星期五。 
The syrian national council is a divided gaggle of exiles, with only limited authority in a place they still call home.	组成叙利亚国民议会的是一干整日争吵不休的流放者，在这个他们尚能称之为家的地方并没有多少权力。
What's my reason?	我的理由是什么？
But whenever I'm next to her, I don't know what happens to me.	当我靠近她的时候，我不知道我是怎么了。
And Teri sees this snow cone stand.	泰莉看到卖冰小贩。
Yes! She gave us the wrong information to gave her guys more time to move.	她给了我们错误的信息为她的伙伴争取时间。
Well, you just never know when or where a story will break. 	是啊，你根本不知道何时何地出现新闻。 
New for 2013 will be a 450 Seat Conference Center, a new Lakeview Restaurant with both indoor and outdoor seating, and 18 additional hotel rooms. 	2013年重新翻修以后，酒店新设一处可容纳450人的会议中心、一间室内室外均可观赏美景的湖景餐厅，新增18间客房。 
Select the "resizable device" profile you added and click on "set as default".	选择“可调整设备（resizable device）”，并单击“设为默认（set as default）”。
Yeah? Well, where's the rest of the dog?	是吗？狗在哪？
Has he tried anything inappropriate with you... Girl? 	他有没有对你做什么不好的事情啊... 小姑娘？ 
And I thought we didn't have anything in common.	我原以为咱哥俩是不会有共识的呢。
There is a literature on suicide and occupation, but that is not specified to c-level executives.	有一篇文献谈到了自杀和职位，但是并没有特指高管群体。
Good night, nurse Hendricks.	晚安，韩芮克护士。
There is a widespread belief that the incentives, which range in value from about euro 750 ($ 1050) to euro 2500 and are only available to buyers with cars over ten years old, are only "pulling forward" demand and will thus enfeeble the recovery when it comes.	市场普遍认为，此类鼓励举措，即价格浮动750欧元（1050美元）至2500欧元及仅对拥有年数超过十年的汽车买主可行，只是“提前预支”需求，而在需求来临时将削弱复苏。
Call them s1 through sn.	把这些叫做s1到sn。
The Earl of Southampton told me 	南安普敦伯爵告诉我的 
It took millions of years to have layers of dusts, sands, and gravels to lay on top of another and solidify.	沙子和碎砾交叠在其他的上面,历经百万年后而凝固。
I have to break out glue 	我要使用胶水作为我整个裁缝生涯的第一次 
Not what? I'm not strong enough.	不什么？我不够强
Self-knowledge is often the hardest to learn and the least welcome, but the brutal truth is best.	自知之明总是最难习得，而且最不受欢迎，但是这个残酷的事实是最好的。
The bodies of those with porphyria lack the function of being able to effectively repair their skin cells from uv ray damage.	血卟啉症患者的身体缺少相关机能，无法有效地修复被紫外线伤害的皮肤。
Tell me, are you a vegetable - lover yourself?	告诉我，你是素食者吗？
Come on. What are we doing here? 	你说。我们在这干吗？ 
With the looks of an empress.	宣布你内心的想法吧。
But this isn't that. No.	但不是的。不是。
I'm simply concerned.	我只是关切。
Hmm. We good? 	嗯。你也同意吧？ 
But I know where to get some cash before I go. 	我知道我走以前到哪里去弄些现金来。 
I know I keep asking you. 	我知道我一直在问。 
Big Lake 	比格莱克 
What is it with you vets and rat metaphors? 	为什么你们老用老鼠这比喻？ 
Okay, I'll go wider. Five miles.	好的，我再扩大范围。5英里。
You can teach, cause you love it,	既然你喜欢教书你可以教书，
There you go. I like that angle. 	好嘛。我喜欢这角度。 
Uh, well, they live in wooded areas.	它们一般寄居在多木的地区。
Although not as formally audacious or intellectually exciting as mr. haynes's film, "I'm still here" nonetheless also makes the case for identity or, more accurately, identities as both constructed and protean.	虽然不如海因斯的电影在形式上那样大胆，在知性上那样令人激动，《我仍然在这》无疑也探讨了身份的问题，更准确的说是既被建构同时又具有多样性的身份问题。
You think I'm a punk?	你觉得我是个废物？
Er, we're here to work, remember? I'll try.	额，我们是来这工作的。记得吗？我尽量吧。
Hmm. No, there's got to be something. 	嗯，不，那里应该有些东西的。 
When it's connected up with over 300 other islands,	一旦300多个岛屿联系在一起，
Hi. Right here at the front, se?  	嗨。山提利先生，您的座位是？  
Nucleus pulposus injection was performed, while the normal control group did not receive injection.	分别进行髓核注射，正常对照组不注射；
But there are of those studies, and they all say the same thing.	但是还有很多这种研究，他们说的都是一回事。
Remind your producer why	告诉你的制片人为什么
Of nearly 5000 phone calls from teenagers, seven to eight percent are from unmarried girls asking about abortion. The proportion was only about five percent last year, said deng jun, a doctor with the teenager counseling service of beijing no.2 hospital.	在近5000个青少年打来的热线电话中，7%至8%是未婚女孩咨询堕胎事宜的。北京市第二医院青少年咨询中心的医生邓俊说，去年的这一比例仅为5%。
If party a asks to cancel the contract due to events beyond control, with the consent of party b, it should pay party b's return expenses, if party a cancels the contract without valid reason, it should pay party b's return expenses and pay a breach penalty to party b.	聘方因不可抗力事件要求解除合同，经受聘方同意后，离华费用由聘方负担；聘方若无故解除合同，除负担受聘方离华费用外，还应当向受聘方支付违约金。
You said I loved the sound of the line...	因为你说过我爱整个乐队…
A person's birthday is one out of 365 possibilities ( excluding february 29 birthdays).	一个人生日的概率是1/365（排除2月29日生日的）。
I'll need you to drip some of that blood into the bathroom sink.	你得滴些血到浴室的水池里去。
Some conservatives attacked the show as insidious infidel propaganda, and threatened to prosecute its makers.	一些保守派抨击这样的表演是阴险的异教徒宣传，威胁要起诉制片人。
Okay, honey, I know. 	孩子，我懂。 
And I grew up in Connecticut 	我在康涅狄格长大 
Should she refuse	她要是拒绝
Lasik eye surgery-short for laser-assisted in-situ keratomileusis-has resulted in making clear vision a reality for millions of people who used to rely on glasses or contact lenses.	lasik眼科手术，是耗时很短的激光辅助原位角膜磨镶手术，它使数百万过去依赖眼镜或者隐形眼镜的人恢复视力，让清晰的视觉成为现实。
He woke up from a 21 - year sleep. 	他就从那一次21年的长眠中苏醒了。 
I know that it's kind of corny, 	我知道这有点老套， 
Who is a companion to Francis, who is as kind as a mother?	弗朗西斯的随从，和母亲一样慈爱？
They arrested him at the king's behest.	他们奉国王之命逮捕了他。
And narcos ain't even blink. 	毒贩子们都毫无避讳啊。 
Actually, yes. I made contact with mussawi. 	是的，我和穆萨维联系过了。 
From ranches of isolation and the busy griefs.	从孤绝的大农场和扇闹的悲伤。
I was inappropriate, and... 	我那么做挺不合适的，而且 
Who do I need to see about a loan? 	我能和谁谈借款的事宜？ 
Hefty prices to be sure, but if you can afford the cost, the services could be worth it, if only for peace of mind.	毫无疑问，这是一笔巨资，但如果你负得起话那它就物有所值，即使只为你内心的宁静。
Good thinking, Abby! 	想得好，艾比！ 
You're a pig. Nobody's gonna beat that thing.	你真是头猪。没人能打败那个家伙的。
You look exhausted, are you OK?	你看来很疲劳，你还好吗？
Going public with the photo of our victim really paid off.	公开死者照片确实有所收获。
You can see they all go around whichever way you look. 	无论从什么角度看它们都绕了一圈。 
What I suggest we do is we find out who killed their leader...	我建议我们应该找出谁杀了他们的头...
And, as it did, Lestat's words made sense to me. 	我终于明白李斯特对我说过的话。 
But after what I saw in the street today,	可是见过今天街上的事情之后，
Well, if you force me to think about it... 	唔，如果你逼着我去考虑的话... 
Who are we? I want to hear you say it!	我们是谁？都给我说出来！
I'll take this in to my assistant and be right back.	我把这个给我的助手很快回来。
Oh, it might have been just	哦，可能是吸血鬼的血
And therefore, I'm about to raise your salary.	因此，我要给你加工资。
Send the Chinese noodles to the bus depot office.	把中国面条送到公交车站的办公室来吧。
And I want to start by getting out of the way what is obviously the elephant in the room. 	先从教室里这个显而易见的变化说起。 
Both parents vanish	她15岁的时候
As it dissolves into the skin, 	它在溶解皮肤的同时， 
Holy shit! Explains a lot, huh? 	天啊！说明了好多问题，是吧？ 
Just some crazy, hot kind of dream.	一些疯狂的梦。
This day is so weird. 	今天真是诡异。 
And fall and winter? Yes.	秋天和严冬？是的。
That leaves nissan pulling out all the stops to make the model a success, including running three daily assembly shifts at u.s. plants building the car.	为了让新天籁大获成功，日产从现在起必须全力以赴，包括在美国工厂实行“三班倒”的紧张生产排期。
Our final two. 	我们的最后两强哦。 
don't you run away 	别逃跑 
Mr kahn also worries about market failures.	科恩教授还对市场失灵忧心忡忡。
Look out at that beautiful view of the mall every day	每天能看到购物商场的风景
That figures. Good morning. 	有道理。早上好。 
You don't even wanna know. 	你决不想知道的。 
Sometimes I used to go along on a heist, just for the fun of it. 	有时我会为了刺激好玩，而参与偷窃。 
All right, corporal, move the men out. 	好吧，下士，带大家出来。 
No, my ignorant little buddies, this is fats Waller.	不对，你们这群没文化的小家伙，这是胖子沃勒。
It comes with a cozy king bed to sleep soundly at night, a kitchenette and free high-speed Internet access. 	室内配备舒适的特大床，晚上可以美美地睡一觉，厨房和免费高速互联网接入。 
Filming the whole thing like it was the turning point in the fucking war. 	把这当作这场战争的转折点似的拍得不亦乐乎。 
Investigation on distribution regularity of wild acanthopanax senticosus.	野生刺五加分布规律调查。
You don't want to see me.	你不会想见我。
Dude, I'm gonna pull it off.	哥们我会搞定的。
We should keep looking. 	我们应该继续追查。 
Your father, midget monster 	你父亲侏儒怪。 
At the time the idea seemed to be the wildest kind of extremism.	在当时这个主意被认为极端奇怪。
Hey, I'm just trying to put money in your pocket, player. 	嘿，我可替你广招客源呢，兄弟。 
Come on and run and tell that 	快点儿跑去告诉所有人 
I got you order 	你们要的货啊 
I never seen a man better at drowning worms. 	从没见过有谁比他会淹鱼儿虫了。 
An easy to make soup, it makes a subtle starter for this special day lunch.	这道简单易做的汤是不错的午餐第一道菜。
I can answer anything. Yes, but the lies have to be consistent. 	我可以回答一切。是啊，但谎言必须要牢固啊。 
If he comes back, call me. 	如果他回来，你给我打电话。 
Boy, for someone who just dodged a major bullet, you seem a little down. 	孩子，在法庭上，你看起来有些沮丧。 
It seems to be about 300 pages or so.	看上去好像只有三百多页。
Yet what does this imply for the future?	但这一切对未来意味着什么？
Go praying for the Lord first. 	先去祈祷吧。 
So, when you're dancing, what you going to do? 	所以，你跳舞的时候，你想做什么？ 
Is forgetting everything they taught you. 	去忘记他们教你的东西。 
You're the only ones who still think so. 	只有你还这么认为。 
Hey ya cut it these guys go crazy with their guns. 	嘿嘿别闹了这群人可不好惹。 
She's agonal. She needs to be intubated. 	她快死了，她要插管。 
Guests will enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast each morning with hot waffles. 	每天早晨，客人可以享用免费欧式早餐，热腾腾的华夫饼。 
Please, we've met so many times I almost feel like we're an item. 	拜托，我们见了这么多次面，我都觉得我们快成一对儿了。 
I didn't see a tremendous amount of energy today.	我可不想再看到他今天这副样子。
Buddy rydell is a psycho!	鲍迪－来德是个神经病！
And besides, if michael is the new chief of the corleone family, what's to stop him from taking any action he sees fit?	再说，既然迈克尔是考利昂家族的新首领，那么，还有什么能够捆住他的手脚、不让他采取他认为适当的行动呢？
How hurt is it for only three days?	才不过三天，能有多痛苦呢？
All right, now give me some angles,	好，现在换些角度，
OK. It says the virus has been deleted.	好的。它说病毒被清除。
I didn't do it! Why would I!?	不是我干的！为什么说是我？
If you wish, you can avoid typing the information again by copying an existing outcome or comparison.	如果你愿意，你可以通过复制已有结局或对比来避免重复录入信息。
Hope that you `ll be reunited with your daughter 	希望你今年能跟失散的女儿团臾 
The joy of sporting contests is that anything can happen.	体育比赛的乐趣在于什么事都可能发生。
He fired that EMP.	他还动用了电磁脉冲武器。
But how does uncertainly in the eurozone impact on the countries outside?	但是，欧元区的不确定性如何影响其他国家呢？
What? Why? Because project eagle, the limo 	为什么老鹰计划加长轿车 
Yeah, but I know what you're really hungry for. 	嗯，但我知道你真正饥渴的是什么。 
Uh, I think I'm just going to watch things first. 	呃，我想我先旁观一下。 
Stuff in a deal to debut the company's next two toy products exclusively at toys r us stores in the united states and worldwide just in time for the 2011 holiday season.	玩具反斗城立即拍板，与Wow!Stuff公司签订了一项协议，决定独家代理Wow!Stuff的两款新玩具在美国和全球的发售，正好赶得上2011年的假期季节。
That's a good oombination.	不管怎么说，这都是一次完美的合作。
Still, earlier this month in his first meeting with senior staff at the central intelligence agency, acting director michael morell told his staff that one of their top priorities would be to make sure that neither that plan nor any others were carried out.	但本月早些时候，中央情报局（central intelligence agency）代理局长莫瑞尔（michael morell）在首次同局内高级幕僚开会期间对手下说，他们最重要的任务之一就是确保上述计划或其他计划不会得逞。
Now, you see this big hole in the ceiling?	你看到天花板上的大洞了吗？
I'll be over at homeland. All right. 	我要经过家。好。 
Births had to be registered within one month. 	出生後必须在一个月内登记。 
But it was worth it.	但我们值得这么做。
Red army soldiers belong to combat-practice unit of revolutionary war, not loquacious chatterbox.	红军战士属于战斗力执业单元的革命战争，而不是健谈话匣子。
One year, sir.	一年了，先生。
If you don't, we don't need you anymore... They're gonna Chuck you out to general population.	如果不合作，那你对我们也没利用价值了……你会被遣送到看守所。
You know what would happen to album sales if people knew you all were here?	你们也清楚如果人们知道你们来过会对专辑的销售有怎样的影响？
Why is she always disconsolate?	她为什么总是郁郁不乐的？
Burton malkiel: china is not obligated to liberalize its capital market and free its currency.	波顿麦基尔：中国没有义务放开其资本市场和汇率管制。
Because the suspect is related to an agent you.	因为疑犯与我们的探员有关系就是你。
A count is like royalty,	伯爵就像皇室成员，
I mean, mom, you were clearly whoring it up with both of them. 	我是说，老妈啊，你当时跟着他们两个鬼混。 
Please! Somebody! I don't belong here! 	拜托！来人！我不属于这里！ 
Cause whenever my brother, little brother would tell me he was hungry, 	因为我弟弟，最小的弟弟会对我说很饿时， 
So don't be daunted if you or your travel buddy has to avoid certain foods.	如果你自个或是你的驴友对某些食物有忌口的话，也不用害怕。
Did you see the side of his nose?	你看到他的鼻侧吗？
...fundamental laws of biological cause and effect.	生物学上因果关系的根本法则
Yeah, of course. Just remember, Charlie, Bob's not paranoid.	当然了。记住，查理，鲍勃一点也不偏激。
I presume you are going to accompany the cart, personally.	我看你要亲自护送税车才行。
Keep me updated on the exit polls. 	有新民意测验结果再通知我。 
The baby had died moments after it came into the world.	孩子一出世就死了。
This time it was those in the business-jet industry who cringed.	这回变乖的是商务机制造业的老板们了。
Influence study of chemical modification and catalyst in preparing titania photocatalyst.	表面化学改质及触媒对二氧化钛光触媒制备之影响研究。
Now all of a sudden I find out that the terrorists 	突然我被告知恐怖分子 
While you bake in your lounge chair, ultraviolet light from the sun zaps through your skin and kills living cells that normally work to help make new skin.	当你在躺椅里晒太阳的时候，阳光中的紫外线穿透你的皮肤，杀伤正常状态下帮助你皮肤更新的活细胞。
You're a fool, old woman.	你真傻，老太婆。
You can't love without serving and giving.	没有服务和给予，我们无法去爱。
On the auction block today, a collection of very fine automobiles. 	今日的拍卖会上有一组性能极佳的汽车。 
Mui, you are very nice today.cheers!	嫂子，你今天好漂亮来，干杯！
He's been way ahead of me this whole time. 	他一直远远抛离我。 
Amid the steepest global property downturn in decades, china is expediting plans to allow developers to raise funds through public real estate investment trusts, or reits.	在全球房地产市场遭遇数十年最急剧的滑坡之际，中国正加快相关计划，以求让开发商通过公开上市的房地产投资信托基金（reits）筹集资金。
You already have. You're a stupid girl! 	你已经置我于险境了。蠢丫头！ 
Capitalism works when it put capital to work at its highest and best use.	只有当资本运用到极致，资本主义才能发挥作用。
Right, the people who actually talk to me. Oh, 	是的，正是阁下您。哦， 
But I know you won't. 	但我知你不肯。 
Four each. Four? 	每包四百四百？ 
Importantly, martin said it runs off ordinary petrol "so you can fly into your local gas station, fill her up, grab a pie and a coke and then fly off".	重要的是，飞天背包使用的是普通的汽油，这意味着你可以飞往任何一个本地的加油站，将油箱充满，抓起一块馅饼和一瓶可乐就再度起飞了。
Wave also features a nice, lightbox-style photo viewer that allows you to browse through all the images in a wave.	wave也提供一个很错的lightbox风格的图片浏览器，你可以使用这个图片浏览器浏览单个wave会话中的所有图片。
I don't want to talk about it. - I'll call you Doris, like always. 	我不想谈这件事。- 我还是跟以前一样叫你桃乐丝。 
In sugar cane plantations, and is adapting well to her new life. 	去适应新的生活 
And wondering what that would mean if I believed that. 	想着如果相信你的话对我将意味着什么。 
We have to be alone.	我想单独谈谈。
I mean, couldn't you have done something to stop the fight?	我是说，你当时不能做到什么来阻止这场打斗吗？
Boss, found three ladies still in the area that worked at Papa belle's. 	头子，找到三个曾替舞蹈团工作仍在生的女士。 
Wu takes a few skilled fighters with him up to the Blackwood cliff	任我行率领数名高手杀上黑木崖
If he would let me leave these walls for but a day or two.	哪怕他让我离开这里一两天也好。
The iranians don't seem to be giving up too much in the deal.	看来，这份协议并没有让伊朗放弃太多东西。
I think I might have found that button. 	它大概被我找到。 
But this is a horse of a different color. 	但我们的本质可不同 
I don't know - it was slow a couple of days ago, and now it's totally clogged.	我不知道- 几天前下水就慢了现在彻底堵住了。
He treats the scene like a ceremony. 	他把整个犯罪当成了一个仪式。 
Believe me, I was just as concerned	相信我，我和你们一样疑虑
course you had nothing to do with it.	因为你确实与此无关。
Sleep well, keep quiet 	好好睡吧，安静点 
I think she was here first. But she -	我觉得是她先到的。但是她-
Get on the next plane. 	去赶下一趟飞机吧。 
You were named Mary.	你的名字是玛丽。
I want you all to get a full night's sleep tonight. 	我要你们大家今晚好好睡一觉。 
I can't believe I'm actually witnessing this 	我居然目睹了这一切 
Inter-company agreements, such as governing agreements, agreements with the management, tax allocation agreements, financing agreements, and central purchasing agreements.	公司内部协议，如管理协议、与管理层之间的协议、税务分配协议、融资协议及集中采购协议。
Such a marine could provide the Intel I need, right on the ground.	像你这样的士兵，能提供我不少作战情资。
Well, handle it better. I've worked too hard and planned	好好处理。我苦心筹划已久
Your team OK? - yeah, the players are OK.	你的球队还好么？- 是的，队员们都不错。
And, uh, I was wondering if I could leave it with you, 	我在想，如果不太麻烦的话， 
But they're just codpieces 	但它们其实是 
Italian name, I know that. 	意大利名字，我确定。 
Yeah, well, listen, in all seriousness, 	嗨，听着，一本正经的说， 
Open the bag! - okay, okay. 	把袋子打开！- 好！好！ 
Listening to a wraith.	听一个幽灵的话。
I thought you'd be interested. 	我本以为你会注意到的。 
Show us there's a heart in the house of Windsor,'says the sun. 	太阳报说：“给民众展示一下王室仍有爱心吧，女王。” 
We should take our chances to survive. 	我们得抓住活命的机会。 
Nokia, the world's biggest handset-maker, has been looking at making mobile phones entirely from recycled materials such as plastics from drinks bottles and old tyres.	世界最大移动通信设备制造商诺基亚正着手研究全部使用回收材料制造手机，例如使用饮料瓶和旧轮胎回收得到的塑料。
I I already bought the tickets. Let's just go. 	我已经买机票了咱就走吧。 
Be good to see a doctor. 	你应该去看看医生。 
Her whole way of raising her kids is a giant. 	她培养孩子的方法。 
Spent the entire car ride yammering into a digital recorder. 	整个车程都在用录音笔嘀咕什么。 
Competition would supposedly contain costs.	按理说，竞争可以控制费用。
Okay, I get it. You go.	好的，知道了。你走吧。
I didn't blackmail anybody. 	我没有敲诈任何人。 
You have a hairline fracture of your right carpal radius.	你的右手腕桡骨处骨裂。
Yinghai was a important port in china which export tea to europe.	瀛海过去是中国一个输出茶叶到欧州的重要港口。
Stubborn! Coward! 	嘴硬的女孩！胆小鬼！ 
Yeah, I guess I wasn't seeing you as a cop, 	是啊，可能是我没把你当警察， 
L guess we should get this over with at the beginning,	我看一开始还应该把这件事说清楚，
Stop acting like such a baby.	别这么矫情。
Sometimes we act out and we do things we're not proud of. 	有时候就会做出不太光彩的事情。 
No, yeah, absolutely, it was great. Yeah, take your resum? Great job, awesome. Get out of here, please. 	不是的，对，当然，太棒了。对，拿着你的简历？极好的工作，绝赞。请离开这里。 
I don't know. It was the deputy director. That prick, Locke.	我不知道。副主任说的，那个该死的劳克。
What... The hell?	开什么... 玩笑？
Built a hand with strong mafia of astounding riot unexpectedly and don't living an interest any further after go upstairs.	造一场惊天动地暴乱的黑道强手竟然自上楼后再也没有任何生息。
In the event of fresh straw being unavailable, old straw to be turned. 	如果拿不到新席子的话，就把旧席翻过来用。 
He kept his questions to himself.	因此他一直没有问她们原因。
In suppressing the terrorists. 	对他们所作出的种种压制。 
I didn't keep my promise to him, now, did I? 	我没有信守对他的承诺，现在，对不？ 
Adjacent to Pho Rowland, Full Service, Vietnamese, Open for: lunch, dinner, 	与 Pho Rowland，全套服务，越南风味，营业范围：午餐和晚餐； 
The occupiers may have begun to disperse, but the fury that fueled them hasn't. the latest trust barometer compiled by edelman, a communications firm, finds that the three least trusted industries in the world are insurance, banking, and financial services--wall street.	公关公司爱德曼（Edelman）最近编制的信任度调查报告（Trust Barometer）显示，全球最不可信的产业是保险、银行和金融服务，这差不多就是在说华尔街。
Three months. And before that, Afghanistan and Bosnia. 	三个月之前在阿富汗和波士尼亚。 
Do you prefer doing menswear or womenswear?	你更喜欢设计男装还是女装？
There are questions I ask myself	我常问自己很多问题
But answering that question is our next move.	咱们下一步就是要解决这个问题。
To decode this process, many studies use functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri), which tracks brain activity by measuring blood flow through the brain.	为解码这一过程，很多研究应用了功能核磁共振成像（fmri），通过测量大脑内血液流动来追踪大脑活动。
Instead, to demonstrate the "red effect" I should have used an image of an elderly man solving a system of differential equations using a red pen.	相反，为了证明“红色效应”，我应该使用一张一个老男人用红笔求解微分方程系统的图像。
When I tap on the glass, you open the window. 	我敲窗户的时候，你就把窗户打开。 
Its bid was regarded by many as the most technically complete.	严格说来英格兰的申办陈述被许多人认为是最完备的。
That was never.... I mean, he knew. He knew.	不会... 我是说。他知道的。
Tomorrow, I'll have it.	明天，我一定拿到。
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy.	我很开心，快乐，幸福，快乐。
PATENT ROYALTIES, FEES, AND LICENSES 	专利使用费、费用与许可费 
During orgasm both female and male genitals swell with blood their pulse races and muscles contract involuntarily at intervals of 0.8 seconds ( approximately).	在性高潮中，女性和男性都生殖器充血，脉搏跳动，筋肉不自觉的以0.8秒的时间间隔收缩（大约的数目）。
And you actually trust them? 	你就这么相信他们？ 
His lightheartedness doesn't mean he'll take things lightly	他的无忧无虑不代表他做事掉以轻心
Listen, I'm late for dinner, so, um, I made a list of my patients, their protocols. 	我要赶去吃晚饭这里列着病人和诊治方案。 
But now the midfielder is hoping to do the same with england-and play right up to the world cup final and beyond.	但现在这位中场队员希望能在英格兰完成同样的纪录他想打世界杯决赛圈以及以后的比赛。
hey, you know, I caught you on TV last night. 	嘿，你知道嘛，我昨天在电视上看到你了。 
Some were even superstitious activities, which were not desirable and should be discarded and eradicated.	有些甚至是消极的迷信活动，则是极不可取的，应当摒弃和破除。
Oh, Mike, how can you be so heartless? 	心想" 天啊迈克你怎么这么无情？ 
Because if you are...	因为如果这是真的话…
In the meantime those fans are content to direct their anger towards the team's president, rosella sensi, who stands accused of, among other failings, refusing to sell the club despite the fact that her family's business, italpetroli, are in significant debt and therefore cannot invest in the team.	与此同时，球迷很容易把怒火转向俱乐部主席罗塞拉森西，她不顾家族产业italpetroli欠下巨额债务而拒绝出售俱乐部，导致球队无法获得投资，这与很多其他失误一道备受指责。
Currency counterfeiting victimizes governments, individuals, and corporations.	假币殃及政府、个人和公司。
You can go if you want, l don't care, but I'm not gonna go. 	如果你愿意，你可以去，我不在乎，但是我不会去。 
I didn't know what vessel was connected to the tumor or to the cord.	分不清哪跟血管连着肿瘤哪跟连着脊髓。
Toilet, why I just came around here? 	厕所，我怎么总是在这儿转圈？ 
It's Charles. Charles Floyd.	我叫查尔斯，查尔斯佛洛伊德。
Sang - woo's mother has lost her senses	尚宇的妈妈已经失去了理智
You Haven't recovered yet	你的病还没好
You think I'm finished? 	你以为我真的完了吗？ 
They looked a little dried out. I didn't wanna embarrass you. 	有点干了。我不想让你尴尬嘛。 
I'm here -  I've got the card. Hi.	我来了 -  我拿了房卡了你好。
Home's Lahore. I can't stand Yorkshire. 	我家在拉合尔受不了约克郡。 
Can we please stop? I'm looking for someone. 	我们可以停一下吗？我正在找一个人。 
But it did. - I know it did.	但这确实是发生了。- 我知道。
Foreign governments want to sell them passports and residence cards.	外国政府想向他们兜售护照和居住证。
All right, girls, we have to hurry up. My parents will kill me. 	好了，美女们，我们得快手快脚了。我父母会要我命的。 
They make decisions quickly and pay right away.	她们很快就做出决定，并且当场付钱。
We kick off, take it from you, then ram it down your throat. 	我们开球，把球抢回来，塞进你们的喉咙里。 
It's been de-activated.	已经被抑制了的。
I think we need to reconsider and re-think perhaps the very foundations of our economic and monetary system.	我认为我们有必要重新考量我们的货币制度。
Why don't you just leave this to us, all right? 	你干脆让我们来处理，好吧？ 
And I quite like this jury. 	我也挺喜欢这个陪审团。 
Yeah, anybody can do that silly choreography.	是呀，随便谁都能跳那个白痴舞。
Girls always cry.	女孩子总是哭。
The area was settled in ancient times by germanic, slavic and celtic tribes.	古代有日尔曼人、斯拉夫人与居尔特人在此定居。
It was just a checkup, but we now know she's gonna have a boy. 	例行检查而已，不过知道是个儿子咯。 
Like this piece here.	就像这个作品。
I have lost my friend! - I'll buy you a new one. 	我丢了我的朋友！- 我会再给你买一瓶。 
Where are the others? I'm not sure. 	其他人呢？不知道。 
The left upper eyelid dropped perceptibly.	左上眼睑显着下垂。
Tormenting a person to death!	她要把我折磨到死！
This past weekend, 10 korean professional soccer players were banned for life from playing the game.	在刚刚过去的这个周末，韩国10名职业足球运动员被宣布终身禁赛。
Transport him to the colonies.	把他送去殖民地。
I might know someone who can help you. 	我也许认识一个可以帮你的人。 
I cannot believe that you took his side. 	我简直不敢相信，你居然站在他那边。 
An application can take two months to process.	申请程序足有两个月之久。
The subtle champagne-hued gold, a new addition that joins the iphone 5s's space gray and silver, is enough to alert keen, nearby observers that the user possesses apple's latest.	作为新加入银灰色iPhone5S阵营的机型，金色版淡香槟金的色调足以提醒身边那些眼神够好的人：这位机主拿的正是苹果的最新款手机。
As the sun sets on the second day of rescue efforts	在圣莫尼卡山的救援活动
He looked a little tired, I thought, and there was nowhere for him to sit,	他看起来有点累，我是这样想的他也没有其他的地方坐了，
Sweet. - we'll follow you there. 	太好了 - 我们开车跟在后面。 
how the hell am I supposed to do that?	哎那我要咋说么到底？
And since there isn't a wage-price spiral, we don't need higher interest rates to get inflation under control.	并且，因为不存在工资－物价的螺旋上升，我们就不需要提高利率来控制通货膨胀。
Yes, sir. Got one right here. 	恩，先生。这里有一个。 
Even the bertelsmann profit-sharing scheme was partly a response to the scarcity of capital, since some payments were deferred until workers retired, so profits were booked as liabilities, with tax benefits for the company.	甚至，贝塔斯曼利益共享方案的灵感也部分来自资金紧缺的危机员工的部分工资到退休后才能领取，这部分利润被记做负债，公司则可通过税收得益。
The statehouse job, it's only part - time. 	在议会的工作，不是全职。 
He's right. There's 720 possible gate addresses. 	他是对的。有720种地址组合。 
Golly gee, there is, real quick, if you could turn around, 	上帝，当然有非常快，请你转过身， 
I had a few people over for drinks. That a problem?	我叫了些朋友来把酒寻欢。有问题吗？
And I rejected it. 	我否决了他。 
I could take the train up, stay the night.	我可以坐晚上的火车来。
But we still don't know what. 	但我们不得而知。 
How'd you feel when you found out she was dead?	听说她死后你有什么感觉？
And the treaty will be signed within the hour as scheduled.	合约将在一小时内如期签署。
I had so many things that I wanted to do.	我有很多想做的事情。
That seems to affect the alpha region of the brain. 	它好像影响人的阿尔法脑波。 
Or the unintended consequences of our own actions.	或是我们冲动所造成的结果。
Next month the event travels to chile.	下个月，该会议将移至智利举行。
The tests in this book are arranged in order of difficulty.	这本书的试题是按难易程度顺序排列的。
Like I'm cleaning the floors with my knees 	像是我在用膝盖清洁地板 
You're referring to people like collectors, right?	你指的是收藏家，是吗？
When they are outside, a fenced-off area should allow about forty square meters for each animal.	在户外时，每只需要不算栅栏在内的40平方米的空间。
The huge law contains many provisions, but its main goal is to expand health insurance.	这项庞大的法案包括许多条款，但是其主要的目标却是扩展医疗保险。
And I quote, in his off time 	我来引用一句：平时下班后  
I must be able to guess how much money a customer has on him. 	学会猜算顾客身上带了多少钱。 
Good. That's a great plan. Good. Okay.	好。好计划。好的。好。
Must be rough. 	忍者也不好当呢。 
Two agents are down, Jack was there when it happened. 	两个社团陨落事情发生之时杰克都在。 
Oh, those rotten masseuses took them.	哦，那些被该死的按摩师拿走了。
It's like she's in a tin can. 	就会像罐头。 
He knew montrose was a hard man but to leave his daughter like this is very uncaring.	他知道蒙特罗斯是一场艰苦的人，但离开他非常喜欢这个女儿是漠不关心。
The fire department has to come let you in.	那消防队就不得不来送你进去。
The d. A. Finally signed off on your review. 	地方法院检查官终于停止了对你的重新调查。 
Because we're down to the last two slots	因为只剩下最后两个席位了
How much is mine? We pay whatever they ask. They know that. 	我女儿又值多少钱？他们要多少我们就给多少。他们懂的。 
Shanghai pudong new district law aid center disabled federation branch.	上海市浦东新区法律援助中心残联分中心。
So, you know, I thought I'd just hang out here for a while with you,	所以，你知道的，我想我就和你在这里呆一会吧，
As a dietary supplement.	作为一种食物补充剂。
2 block(s) from The Gusher, full service, American, open for: lunch, dinner, Pizza, sandwiches, burgers 	距离The Gusher餐厅2个街区，全套服务，美式，营业范围：午餐、晚餐，供应比萨饼、三明治、汉堡包 
You're hitting reset on the whole operation 	你要重新安排整个行动 
The kick-off time for this game will be confirmed shortly.	本场比赛开球时间尚待确定。
I never send you any gifts 	我从来没有送过你们任何礼物 
Ps brand, which had$ 58 million in revenue last year, is a private company with 35 employees.	ps brand是一家去年的年收入为5800万美元的私人公司，雇员有三十五人。
After the verdicts, Truman buried himself in the book. 	判决之后，杜鲁门亲自把这本书封存了起来。 
And how do you know so much about monks?	你怎么这么了解修道士？
Fine. Just give me something!	算了。随便给我点啥！
That it does not love you back... 	却发现他们并不喜欢你。 
The terracotta army must be stolen by you too! 	兵马俑也一定是你们偷的！ 
It seems you let your emotional dislike override the business sense, 	你让你的个人喜恶凌驾商业意识， 
But there's opportunity at trial. 	但是审讯期间还是有赢的机会。 
With what? I'm studying. 	忙什么？我在学习。 
0 Stores found for 3g phablet.	0家店铺发现销售3G平板手机。
Extended family meeting - now, please. 	小组扩大会议 - 马上，麻烦了。 
Jack: you sound pretty disillusioned.	杰克：你听上去有点理想破灭的感觉。
And all the nobles of the provinces, the satraps, the governors and the king's administrators helped the jews, because fear of mordecai had seized them.	各省的首领、总督、省长，和办理王事的人，因惧怕末底改，就都帮助犹大人。
If you can't set aside your personal feelings 	如果你真的放不下私人感情 
And I didn't know anything about any killings. 	也不知道其中的谋杀。 
You blew up his car. 	你炸了他的车。 
In the drawer. Shut up, all right.	在抽屉里。给我闭嘴，好的。
Liverpool will still be without dirk kuyt ( ankle)-who could be in contention for the chelsea game but will miss out here-and daniel agger.	利物浦方面，德克库伊特和阿格将继续作壁上观前者的脚踝伤势有望在下周对阵切尔西的比赛前痊愈，但这场仍将缺席。
No, stop it. I've got to go I'm late already!	算了，别穿了。我必须走了，我已经迟到了！
Automatic weapons such as machine guns, which are highly regulated, fire multiple bullets when the user pulls and holds the trigger.	机关枪等自动武器在使用者扣住扳机之后可以射出多发子弹，这类枪支是受到高度监管的。
And she's dim - witted too.	她真是个白痴。
Uh... Told you I don't remember. 	呃... 我说了我不记得了。 
This is not panmunjom, a simple "yes" will do.	这里不是板门店，说声“是”就行了。
Egg breath!	早上吃蛋了喂！
You take care of your cows.	你看着牛群吧。
This would have passed relatively unnoticed if not for a controversy surrounding its videotaping.	如果不是其录像带引起了争议，这件事大概不太会被人注意到。
But china is unlikely to abandon the principle of collective ownership of land, which prevents individual farmers from selling the land they farm.	但是中国不太可能放弃土地集体所有制的原则，这条原则用于防止个别农民出售其耕种的土地。
You know, you keep telling me that I have to decide	你知道，你一直告诉我我必须选择
The goals we have for this season, and the trophies we believe we'll be challenging for, won't come our way if we produce performances like that during the season.	这个赛季我们有需要目标，我们相信我们有夺冠的能力，我们整个赛季都不会像这样郁郁不得志。
Everyone in the office complains that he smells awful but nobody dares actually mention it to him.	办公室里的每个人都说他身上有股怪味，但居然没人敢当面向他提及。
As she lay on the floor,	当她倒在地板上，
The women peered through the gate and trembled.	女士们透过大门向里看然后浑身颤抖。
Use potassium chloride. 	使用氯化钾。 
Thank you for letting us use your place, Tasha.	泰莎，谢谢你能让我们借用你的公寓。
North korea is undergoing a digital revolution of sorts, even as it holds some of the strictest cyberspace policies in the world.	朝鲜正在经历某种形式的数字化革命，即使它拥有一些在世界上最严格的网络空间政策。
Sergeant, under no circumstances are you given leave to die. 	中士任何情况下你都不能去死。 
But there god chooses to show us god's love.	但是天主选择在这中情景中显示的爱。
Because we all know you get a lot of mileage out of a tank top.	因为我们知道你的大都是背心。
If you give it to me, 	如果你把它给我我能救你一命， 
Ideally, it would be two boys and two girls...	最好是两个男孩两个女孩...
But the only difference is, instead of being afraid, 	唯一不同的就是你已经尝试过了， 
In silicon valley, sequoia, a venture-capital firm, recently told the small businesses in which it has invested to treat every dollar as if was the last they would ever raise, to cut jobs and scale back growth plans that were not immediately "cashflow-positive".	硅谷的一家风险投资公司sequoia最近告诫由它投资的小型企业：以“可能是挣得的最后一美元”的心态用好每一分钱，裁员以及缩减不能迅速得到现金周转的增长计划。
Go ahead and grab a torch and approach a flame. 	去拿一个走近火堆。 
When we were at school, mate. 	就像你在学校穿的那种，伙计。 
It was always beautiful from here; it was terribly beautiful to tess to day, for since her eyes last fell upon it she had learnt that the serpent hisses where the sweet birds sing, and her views of life had been totally changed for her by the lesson.	从这儿望去，它总是美丽的；今天在苔丝看来它极其美丽，因为自从上一次看见它以来，她已经懂得，在可爱的鸟儿歌唱的地方，也会有毒蛇咝叫，因为这次教训，她的人生观已经被完全改变了。
Investors pulled$ 15 billion out of the brics in 2011 as the european sovereign debt crisis escalated and the world economy decelerated.	因欧洲债务危机的加剧和世界经济增速放缓，在2011年投资者从金砖五国抽走150亿美元资金。
Now, where's daehlie?	但丹尔呢？
So now you can tell me all about Agrippa. 	好了现在你可以告诉我关于阿格里帕的事了。 
In 1895 roebuck sold his interest in the firm to julius rosenwald, who provided badly needed administrative skills that proved a successful complement to sears's creative marketing.	1895年罗贝克将他在公司的利益出售给了朱利乌斯罗森沃尔德，后者施展出亟需的管理能力，与西尔斯创造性的行销手段恰为互补。
I told you it'll be dry.	我告诉你河干了。
When I found out Clare was working in Sudan I approached Matak, 	当我发现克莱尔在苏丹工作我就接近马塔克， 
Why don't you handle this case yourself instead of delegating it	为何不亲自办此重案
Still I don't expect you'd know much about that, being only a little Butler.	当然我也不指望你能了解多少，毕竟你只是个小管家。
I do not have time to teach you the 5 fingers of death. 	我没时间教你死亡五指。 
My chinese is a little rusty after a long residence abroad.	因为长期居住国外，我的汉语有点荒疏了。
Unless, of course, you'd like to. We're here for you. 	当然了，除非，你想弄清楚我们会在这里陪着你。 
Which bring us back to 	回到原话题 
Why would they leave a clue for a treasure hunt here?	他们怎么会把寻宝线索放这里？
Here was the first g7 country outside the us to reject the stifling austerity mantra and take measures to promote domestic growth.	日本是g7国家除美国之外第一个摈弃沉闷的紧缩教条、采取措施促进国内增长的国家。
You know, it's possible I may have some pertinent information,	你知道，可能我是有些相关信息，
But sometimes we just rise above things. Yes?	但有时候逆境出人才嘛？
Audio - sense triggering mechanism. 	感音启动机制。 
You don't have to l don't know much 	你别这样说，我什么都不懂 
You did the right thing. If you hadn't taken care of that evidence... 	你没做错。如果你没有处理掉那个证物... 
Why do you care what happens to me? 	为什么你要关心我发生了什么事？ 
If they don't spend them, investors will demand bigger dividends or share buy-backs.	如果现在不出手，公司的股东就将要求更多的红利或者回购。
He is a civilian. No record. 	他是个平民。没有犯罪记录。 
You villain!	你个恶棍！
You always had those freckles?	你一直有雀斑吗？
Or maybe you would rather have him...	或许你想让他…
He still blames himself for getting her the car. 	他仍然自责当初送她汽车当礼物。 
Scientists think the best chance for finding extraterrestrial life... 	科学家人们认为寻找地外生命的最好办法是… 
Allowing academics to rummage in secret files presents problems both for the spooks and the academics.	允许学者翻阅秘密档案，体现了间谍与学者两方面的问题。
Bhf is a small universal bank with corporate-lending, corporate-finance and proprietary-trading operations.	bhf银行是一家小型的通用银行，业务涵盖企业借贷、企业融资和自营交易业务。
Even if we get the money how can we find a studio? 	即使我们拿到了钱怎么找画室？ 
If she doesn't take a risk, you might have something negative to say as well. 	如果她不冒点险，你多半也要讲些消极的话。 
Ship's record banks show little we don't already know	关于这颗星球的信息
You're here because your friends clear you. 	是因为你的朋友你才在这。 
No, I'm doing fine.	不，我自己能行。
We got trouble.	我们遭遇麻烦。
I don't know if I can put myself out there again.	我不知道能否再来面对一次了。
In a solid middle class family	有四个兄弟姐妹
Nowadays, people are paying more and more attention to food therapy, in which tea therapy is outstanding.	药食同源，世人崇尚天然，日渐推崇饮食疗法，茶疗是当中佼佼者。
Grab one and get going.	何不拿一个开始刷呢？
And - and I heard a scream, so I came in here to see if everything was okay.	我听到喊声，过来看看有事没有。
But even when you knew there were geometric changes coming along in technology, you just couldn't realize how fast everything would develop in the semiconductor industry, which is what drove everything.	但是即使当你知道会有几何学的改变伴随着科技时，你却不能意识到在半导体工业中这些发展到底有多快，这推动了一切的发展。
Not her. You betrayed yourself.	不是她不卖你的，是道友马讲的。
If you want, we can go to a meeting together. 	有需要的话，我们可以一起参加互助会。 
The bad news is that the shape - shifter's blood 	坏消息是变形人的血液中 
My concert.	我的演奏会。
It's like being born maybe.	或许就像出生时一样吧。
This year's rules were the same as the previous years ': only the living can make the cut, and no repeats from past installments.	今年的规则同往年一样：只能提名在世者，而且不能与往年的榜单重复。
33 Isolates of phytophthora infestans known genotype were tested to analyse the resistance of the dominant and processing varieties to late blight in yunnan province and infered the resisitance gene of these varieties.	利用33个已知基因型的马铃薯晚疫病菌对云南省的马铃薯主栽品种及加工型品种进行抗病性分析及基因型推导。
I just want him to grow up healthy	我只想他健健康康的成长
Put the gun down. Let's talk. 	把枪放下伙计。我们谈谈。 
Rackham, you gave me your word! Rackham!	拉克姆你跟我承诺过的拉克姆！
Two egyptian men had to be protected by the police when some of the crowd threatened them after hearing them speak arabic.	部分抗议者在听到两个埃及人用阿拉伯语交谈后，对其进行了人身威胁，最后警方不得不出动以保护二人的安全。
You see, I practiced, I was... I was... I was... Ready.	你看，我很熟练，我有... 我有... 我有... 准备好的。
Everybody's time comes. 	所有人都有离开的一天。 
it's...... It's not the leg.	不...... 不是腿。
Both of youse, you ain't no better than me.	你们两个都比我好不了多少。
Are you being... Self-sacrificing? 	你变得…有自我牺牲精神了？ 
You think this is prostitution? 	你觉得他是男公关？ 
French radio london, which took to the airwaves last november, serves up french pop and news.	伦敦法语广播去年11月正式开播，为法国人播放流行音乐和新闻。
In march, up to 400 elephants were killed in a few hours in a park in cameroon by a sudanese gang on horseback bearing machine guns.	今年3月，喀麦隆一个公园内多达400头大象几小时内被骑着马带着机关枪的苏丹帮派捕杀。
Plus, I can focus 1 00% on patient care, 	在说，我可以集中100% 精力在病人护理上， 
You need to distract yourself with a couple of natalies.	你得把你的注意力转移到像娜塔利那样的女孩身上。
Tomorrow to finish my work. 	在明天开馆前完成即可。 
That independent liberty, dislikes acting selfs part is her character theme tune.	独立自由，不安本分是她的性格主调。
I set up a bunch of drops for you tomorrow. 	我为你在明天已经揽了一大票生意。 
I just want to keep the life I know -	我只想继续那种熟悉的生活-
Is he Australian? 	他是澳大利亚人吗？ 
You know, I used to live on those things in college. 	你知道，大学时我就是靠它们过日子的。 
And all - encompassing that it can't even be tested. 	且体系庞大而难以得到验证。 
Of kip here? Aye. 	在这儿住？是啊。 
So where do you draw the line between the church and the world? 	但划分教会与世界的界限在哪儿呢？ 
But I wouldn't want anything to happen 	但我不想再有什么事发生 
The engineer thought he saw a body	司机认为他看到了铁轨上
It's right next door to you.	就在你们隔壁。
Such a sub-par performance makes it much hard to overcome america's balance-sheet problems.	美国经济的表现有失水准，明显加大了解决资产负债问题的难度。
All I know is that two days ago.	我只知道两天前。
Wudang mountain is the source of the kung fu of the internal school boxing created by zhang sanfeng.	武当山武术为内家拳之源流，相传为张三丰所创。
Was gonna do a face - plant.	差点就弄得脸部着地。
Hey, you got a tat. 	嘿，你这有个纹身。 
Which ear? 	哪个耳朵？ 
What secrets? We don't have any secrets in this house. No. 	什么秘密？咱们家没秘密的没有的。 
We're a death - laden nation of religious hypocrites.	我们是带着宗教面具的死寂之国。
But I like working.	可我喜欢工作。
Who has generously presented me 	因为他慷慨的给予支持 
If you had a care for anybody's heart - 	如果你关心别人的感受的话- 
But with somalia's transitional government as weak as ever and a residual force of african union peacekeepers threatening to leave as well, a power vacuum may be filled again by islamist militias.	然而，鉴于索马里的临时政府与以往一样脆弱，而且非洲联盟剩余的维和部队也有撤军的可能，权力的真空可能再次被伊斯兰武装分子填补。
Few blacks will vote for a party they still associate with their former oppressors.	因为黑人通常都不会选举那些和曾经压迫他们的人有联系的政党。
In america, by contrast, the baby-boom generation meant that the social security system had five contributors per beneficiary in 1960, a quarter of a century after its introduction. It still has three workers for every retired person.	与此相比，美国的社会保障制度在经过了25年的建设后，到婴儿潮一代的1960年是每5个工作者负担一位受益人，目前的比率仍旧是3个工人负担一位退休者。
The sons of Mithras are not constrained by geographic borders. 	光神之子才不会受到地理边界的限制。 
And my childhood dream was to fight jet Li. 	年轻时我的梦想是和李连杰单挑。 
Yes, Yumiko, we're all family. 	是的，由美子，我们是一家人。 
It's ridiculous, you know? 	有点荒唐，是吧？ 
Come on, please. Come on, I never get to see her. 	拜托了，好不好。我从没见过她呢。 
I don't know who to trust anymore. You can trust us...	我不知道该相信谁。你可以相信我们...
Still waters run deep. Violence is the last refuge of the.	静水流深，暴力是无能者的最后避难所。
And right now, you're not the only one. 	当前不止，你不明白了。 
Did you report it to the Canadian authorities?	你向加拿大当局报道了么？
Is a measure of gross imbecility. 	是绝对愚蠢的行为。 
In a room with Joe Carroll 	单独待在一个房间 
Surprisingly lascivious for a man of the cloth. 	出家人说话也这么不检啊。 
Periodically they would shatter the slave dream and strip it for their own life extension, causing an economic collapse into a great depression.	周期性的，他们会粉碎奴隶梦想并将其剥夺而用于自身的延寿实践，从而导致经济萎缩成一种经济大萧条。
And he saw the spirit of God descending like a dove and alighting on him.	他看见上帝之灵如白鸽般降临。
This doesn't mean americans aren't worried.	这并不意味着美国人就此安心了。
I've never seen that bag. 	我从没见过那个包。 
You said you came in and you turned on the lights? 	你说你走进来然后开了灯？ 
Use wellness area or entry to bird park 	使用疗养区或进入鸟公园 
Well, if you and Sam have been exposed to something, 	如果你俩接触过什么东西的话， 
She hasn't practiced in eight months.	她有八个月没开工了。
We can be persuasive when the time comes.	当时间来临的时候我们会说服他们。
He found a new place to dump the body. 	他开辟了新的弃尸地。 
When the - Oh, my God. What? 	当- 哦，上帝。什么？ 
But I will take a free breakfast buffet	但是我爱死免费早餐自助
And he helped me when I first got here 	我刚到这里时他帮了我 
I'll get us a dust lift for comparison.	我来取点尘土做比对。
It's octagonal in shape, the size of my palm. Tell me where it is!	八角刑的，我的掌心大小，。告诉我在哪里！
See you hyacinth.	再见，荷欣
Try and focus! This isn't you! 	别受控制！这不是你自己！ 
Why would you ruin a perfectly good piece of meat with vinegar? 	你干嘛拿醋把那么好看的一个三明治给毁了？ 
And besides, I still need 400 bucks before I can play red. 	再说了，我要和红人比赛还差400美金。 
But, well, you would put it in front of a formula. The one on the mirror? 	但是你可以把它放在公式之前镜子上写的那个？ 
Why didn't he just shoot them? 	为什么他不开枪杀他们？ 
Oh, you mean the bike. 	噢，你是指摩托。 
To isolate your boss and completely distancethemselves from you.	孤立你的老板并和你保持距离。
Well, hell, why didn't you just say so? 	好吧，该死的，你为什么不直接说呢？ 
Yeah, but this place is different. 	嗯，不过这不一样。 
And one of those potato - masher grenades... 	其中有一个象捣勺一样的手榴弹… 
And she hit me. 	她打了我。 
Or you could be two stockbrokers, and you're rolling naked on the trading floor.	或者你们都当股票经纪人在号子的地板上翻滚。
I didn't have to. I ran it through an Internet translator.	我不用学我用在线翻译。
If they're fit enough to enter the new world?	他们是否足以适合进入新世界？
How much do I owe you?. Eighteen.	我欠你多少？18块。
In graphite sheets, carbon atoms bond together in rings.	石墨层中的碳原子相互连接形成碳环。
Sorry if I embarrassed you. 	很抱歉让你难堪了。 
Iceland is on a geologically active location.	冰岛位于地质极端活跃的地方。
This is bad, he's getting mom.	不妙啊，他要去请出老妈了。
Wallace didn't show up, but Hurd and Pinto did. 	华莱士没查到，但是查到了赫德和平托。 
The biggest landscaped municipal park to be built in more than a century, it reveals much about how american attitudes to open space have changed.	这是1个多世纪以来修建的最大的景观市政公园，它显示出美国人对开放空间的看法是如何改变的。
I think you're going to be in serious, serious trouble tonight. 	我觉得你今晚真的非常悬。 
Like other big projects, it has been repeatedly delayed by legal challenges from environmentalists, who prefer biomass, wind and energy-saving measures, and by the need to obtain environmental licences at each stage.	如同其他大型工程一，保人士一直不提出法律企拖延，他比喜用生物能、力和能措施，要求每一段都需要取得境估可。
The accessibly large number of tuning for each site is individual, and also work with the special scripts.	大批通俗易懂的每个整点个人,也与特别剧本。
It is very noticeable and very unattractive.	这是非常明显和非常具吸引力。
Why are some stepmothers so ruthless?	为何有些继母很冷酷？
At first, pocket change. 	先来点零花钱咯。 
Well, sure. It's his house. 	当然啦，这是他的房子。 
The environment right written into the constitution has been a tide for the environmental protection legislation of various countries.	环境权入宪已经成为各国环境保护立法的一股潮流。
You didn't kill them. 	你没有杀他们。 
Keep your ass low.	低一点儿。
To withstand Pentathol, I might have. 	抵御麻醉药的训练。也许我就会。 
An identical solar beam array	一种相同的太阳能定向天线阵
And isn't that precisely what we were doing when we were disagreeing about 	当我们因反歧视行动产生分歧时 
They did so by tapping the best source of buyer motivation: peer influence.	他们的成功源自他们利用了买家最有效的购买动机：同伴影响力。
You going on a road trip with all your girlfriends? 	你要跟女性朋友们去公路旅行？ 
When she asked me to dance, I declined politely.	她邀请我跳舞的时候，我婉言拒绝了。
But in this case I'm prepared to make an exception, being very glad.	但今天这种情况下是个例外，我很开心。
No, I think that she's misguided and not facing reality.	不，我觉得她是被误导了不敢面对现实。
And it tasted like garbage.	听着就和垃圾一样。
Her wrist is broken, and there's lots of bruising, but she'll be out by tomorrow.	手腕折了也有不少瘀伤，但明天就能出院了。
Yeah, um, an agent was killed last year by Vadik, but his voice - 	嗯，去年一个特工被瓦蒂克杀死了，但是他的声音- 
He asked me to keep an eye on you and your sister.	他让我照看好你们兄妹。
Vehicles are faster and more efficient; far more people have driving licences; many households now own two cars.	交通工具更快捷、更有效；更多的人持有驾照；许多家庭现在有两部车。
You've spent too much time around prisons to throw your life away like that. 	你太了解监狱了，不可能鲁莽的毁了自己的人生。 
Look, I know you want to try and save the magazine,	听着，我知道你在尽力挽救我们的杂志，
It's just coffee. Oh, no.	普通咖啡而已。不能这么说。
Military chiefs at the summit insisted they were not seeking an arms race and gave various justifications for all their new warships.	在峰会上军事首脑们坚持其不是在追求军备竞赛，并且为其新的战舰给出各种各样的正当理由。
When I got home last night, she was sacked out on the couch. 	昨天晚上我回来的时候她在沙发上睡着了。 
I thought you'd have gone by now. 	我以为你早消失了。 
I'm not gonna open for Tommy. I'll open for somebody else, but not Tommy. 	我可以为人做开场表演，但那人绝对不是汤米。 
But I begged her to stay and maintain a relationship with you. 	但我曾经求她留下来和你一起生活。 
It's one of those things that just feels right. 	我觉得她就是我的另一半。 
But, let's make peace with all the days that have passed	但是我觉得咱们还是不要抱怨那些日子了
There you go. What is that, 	又来了。你这什么意思， 
Wait, you were with Capitol?	等等，你在卡比多工作？
Ticket prices were eight dollars a show.	一场演出的票价为8美元。
Quick. I'm in a hurry. 	快，我赶时间。 
You can last one more day. Besides, if anything goes wrong tonight, Mussolini in the blonde rinse is gonna blame it all on me. 	你可以再维持一天。还有如果今晚出了什么岔子，金发的墨索里尼会把一切归罪于我。 
Hmm. Well, why don't you go to your parents'? 	你干嘛不去你父母家？ 
But investigate in soul is my only ambition. 	不过，研究灵学是我唯一的意愿。 
In the future, city completed before acceptance of barrier-free facilities have special acceptance, acceptance, the unit works to be completed before acceptance.	本报讯今后，本市工程竣工验收前要先对无障碍设施进行专项验收，验收合格后，方可进行单位工程竣工验收。
Nobody has lived there ever since?	一直没有人住过吗？
Even when joint ventures aren't compulsory, some western firms enter into them to gain access to local manufacturing capacity and contacts, and find they need to share technology as part of the deal.	即使不是被迫组成合资企业，通过合资企业获得地方制造业产能和人脉时，一些西方企业发现，作为交易的一部分，他们还得分享技术。
Well, I thought he'd sent me there 	我以为他送我去那里 
They made insulin-producing "beta cells" in living mice, by injecting a combination of three genes into other cells in the pancreas.	他们通过将三种基因组合注入胰腺内的其它细胞，在活鼠体内生成分泌胰岛素的“β细胞”。
Out to the middle of the floor, that's right. 	到中间的空地上去，没错。 
Yours was raped. Mine wasn't.	你的被强奸了。我的则没有。
Article 26 where the surety of a suretyship of joint and several liability and the creditor have no agreement on the term of suretyship, the creditor shall, within six months from the date of maturity of the principal debts, have the right to demand that the surety undertake suretyship liability.	第二十六条连带责任保证的保证人与债权人未约定保证期间的，债权人有权自主债务履行期届满之日起六个月内要求保证人承担保证责任。
Seasons will go and come.	季节去了会再来。
Let's go over there. There. Come here. 	我们去那里吧那里，过来。 
He thinks he's getting to Mexico, 	他以为他能到达墨西哥， 
Cyber activists cause devastation by spreading viruses, deleting files or conducting 'denial-of-service' attacks, whereby a computer resource, like the widely used paypal payment system, is rendered unavailable to its users.	“网络激进分子”们利用网络资源，通过传播病毒、删除文件或者发动“拒绝服务式攻击”等途径，对paypal之类应用广泛的系统进行攻击，使用户无法使用其服务。
Oh, it's just a number. 	噢，只是个数字而已。 
Those that have it need to take care not to lose it.	那些受到宠爱的企业需要小心经营，以免失宠。
The government of bangladesh said it would press charges against mutineers from the bangladesh rifles, whose rebellion in late february killed 74 people.	孟加拉国政府表示，将对在2月暴动中造成74位平民丧生的几位来自孟加拉步枪组织的暴徒进行审判。
And I'm not pretty like her. 	我也没她漂亮。 
As a brother, I think part of my job is to challenge hendekea,	做为兄长，我觉得我的工作就是要不断的去挑战她，
Okay, we're going to be able to do this.	好吧，我们可以进行了。
But by the time I knew how to say what I wanted to, it was too late. 	但是当我想说这些的时候却太迟了。 
For dummies. The USA is a subdivision of Tamerlane. 	对傀儡来说美国是塔穆雷的一部分。 
You tell him that I'm standing by my vow, for better or for worse.	无论如何我正在履行我的誓言。
I can't imagine that you will say this to me two years later.	我不敢相信两年后你会这么对我说。
He is...... Driving me outta my mind. 	他...... 他要把我逼疯了。 
Blood is the best security in this business.	家族关系是这行的最佳保障。
Leave your shoes lying around on the stairs. 	把鞋扔在楼梯上。 
I did! I don't understand! He said: let's go!	我的确这么做了！我不理解！他说：我们走吧！
What? His mother's ill. 	什么？他母亲生病了。 
Because we've got to get out of here. 	因为我们得离开这里。 
In Florida. You can't be in Florida already.	在弗罗里达州。你不可能已经到弗罗里达了。
Okay. All right. You want to hear the truth? 	好吧。对。你想听真话吗？ 
To apply for declaration of on-line foreign exchange, the customer must neither have applied to correct the nature of foreign exchange with the bank nor ever had a record of inconsistent declaration of the nature of the foreign exchange, which declaration had been rejected by the central bank previously within one year.	立约人申请网际网路外汇申报,必须在一年内未曾向银行申请更正外汇交易性质别,或被中央银行退回有申报性质不符纪录者。
You love her, but you couldn't propose. She just would have said no. 	你爱她，但你无法求婚。她可能会说不。 
Tell me what happened this morning.	告诉我今天早上发生什么了。
Vieira asks "do you feel that sometimes an animal's life is worth more than a human's life?"	维埃拉问，“你认为有时候动物生命的价值要高于人的生命价值吗？”
I thought I knew who I was.	以前我认为我知道自己是谁。
You don't know about Pedro pan.	你不知道彼得·潘是什么吧。
He didn't do anything after that except buy a bottle of rum 	从此他除了每天买一瓶郎姆酒和一包香烟之外， 
International meeting on joint youth actions for a peaceful indian ocean and nuclear weapon-free asian and pacific;	青年争取印度洋和平和亚太无核武器区联合行动国际会议；
The Association of sex addicts anonymou. 	匿名性沉溺者协会。 
Do a little research,	稍微调查调查，
He's a big boy, pop. He'll take care of himself. 	他是个大孩子了，爸爸。他能照顾好自己。 
don't let them board. 	别让他们上船。 
Tales of dirty and duplicitous intrigues in our first election.	我们的第一次选举就出现了肮脏与狡诈。
He's very sensitive, not inured to death and mortality like you and I are. 	他很敏感无法像你，我这样习惯面对死亡。 
Many must date back thousands of years or more.	一些壁画有上千年甚至更长的历史。
Maybe you should not smoke.	你可能不该吸烟。
Maybe that's' cause I'm not on track	可能是因为我从没
Let me have a clean copy of your report.	给我一份你报告的清稿。
I hear the town midwife's good. 	我听说城里的助产士挺好的。 
We could ignore all the things about you 	我们可以忽略你不能解释的那些事情 
I'm about to have an out - of - body - experience here. 	我将在这里有个体外经历。 
You should search those five farms for a tiger. I don't have enough for a warrant, okay? 	你该去搜这五家农场找老虎。我没有足够的证据申请搜查令，好吗？ 
In thinking about change.	既然提到世事多变。
That it was about a kidnapping. They brought you by force in the boat? 	是绑架。他们强迫你呆在船上？ 
In the meantime, want to promote spirit, development enterprising, foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses, strive for in new one round bigger result is achieved in doing poineering work.	同时，要振兴精神，开拓进取，扬长避短，争取在新一轮创业中获得更大成绩。
Because l... Pay the cost! 	因为我… 付出代价了！ 
Hey, it's me, leave a message, make it hot 	嗨，是我，请留言 
In addition, the company has recently invested 	另外，公司新近引入 
Think it's because of them? 	是因为他们吗？ 
Ihadnvinced myself that my analytic mind and my stanford humanities degree were enough to guell the fear.	我已确信我善于分析的头脑和斯坦福大学的人文学科的学位足以平息我的恐惧.
How can I take money in shaanxi?	我在陕西如何能取到钱？
I understand that zetas have said we will experience atmospheric events.	我知道齐塔人说过我们将会经历大气层的事件。
Whoo, let's get it on  	喔，一起来吧 
I just keep seeing a monkey judge	我刚刚在想一只拿着香蕉木槌
I love that. Oh. Yeah, he's - he's a smart guy, my fan.	我很喜欢。噢。他... 他很有智慧我的粉丝
Okay, bring him out.	好的，把他抬出来。
You might come along to the mortuary for a look and give us your opinion.	你现在需要去一趟停尸房看一下尸体发表你的意见。
He believed that you could be a shining light in a world full of darkness. 	他坚信你是这个充满黑暗的世界里的一束亮光。 
It's a short trip. 	其实很近的。 
You and your mother and your father.	你爸爸妈妈和你。
Up in the woods, among the pine trees, there is evidence of the environmental cost that new chinese towns such as fuyuan are wreaking: heaps of rubbish, plastic bags and a dead owl.	在树林中，在松树之间，可以看到类似抚远这样的中国新城在生态环境方面付出的代价：成堆的垃圾、塑料袋，以及一只死猫头鹰。
Cake never made it on camera.	录象机始终没拍到蛋糕。
Must have caught it on one of her overseas estrogen tours. 	想必是某次异国风情之夜留下的后遗症。 
On receipt of this put-down I always feel much better.	每次被这样说一顿之后，我都感觉好多了。
When she sees she can't get you,	当她发现自己上不了你，
Turns out there's a long list of health problems	结果有一长串健康问题
Why he didn't see the symptoms, 	为什么他没有注意到发病征兆， 
Well, that all depends on what you have in mind before we go to sleep. 	哦，那取决于你睡觉前想着什么。 
Go Harry! Woohoo, go Harry!	哈利加油！哈利加油！
Outside he could see the huge dome of the cathedral, looming like a bubble over the shadowy houses, and the weary sentinels pacing up and down on the misty terrace by the river.	窗外，他可以望见大教堂那巨大的圆顶，它朦朦胧胧，宛如从影影绰绰的房屋上面鼓动的气泡。那无精打采的哨兵在河边薄雾笼罩的台地上来回走动。
And I seem to have walked all the way from Brooklyn to your doorstep 	我从布鲁克林大老远走到你门口 
Well, she's out of surgery. 	嗯，她做完手术了。 
He dropped out and they left. Um, I'm sorry. Did you say Gabby? 	他也辍学了，他们一起走了。对不起，凯比是谁？ 
In the wild, gorillas lead extremely social lives. 	在野外，大猩猩一般都是群居。 
How do you figure?	为什么这么认为？
Ruling party, "panhellenic socialist movement," june 30 show unity in vote, only one voted against.	执政党“泛希腊社会主义运动”6月30日在表决中显现团结，仅一名议员投反对票。
Going to serve as the back drop 	今天要成为 
You know, Jonathan, I don't apologize about things	你知道，乔纳森，我不是来道歉。
You are? You will? 	是么？你会么？ 
Because it's interesting.	因为这案子很有意思。
Yeah... No, I do... I... I use those, uh, 	嗯…… 不，我用……我……我用这个，唔， 
About the author: ashutosh ( ash) jogalekar is a chemist interested in the history and philosophy of science.	有关作者：ashutosh（简称ash）jogalekar是一个对于历史和科学哲学感兴趣的化学家。
I didn't want him on a gun charge.	我可不想以非法持械罪逮捕他。
You should also be wary of low-fat and fat-free foods ( with the exception of dairy products), because food companies often compensate for the lack of fat by adding more sugar.	你还应该警惕低脂和无脂食品（乳制品除外），因为食品公司经常通过添加更多的糖来弥补脂肪的缺少。
It's an iconic part of San Francisco,	旧金山的代表性出版物，
Okay, but the little girl she was okay, right? 	好吧，那小女孩呢她没事，对吧？ 
Yes, that's what I'm worried about.	当然，我当然是担心这个。
Put globalisation, jobs and climate change into the same dispute, and you have the makings of a nasty trade fight.	把全球化、就业和气候变化放在一起辩论，（欧洲人）就是搞了一个不光彩的贸易战。
Her father is yonghoon chae, the painter.	她父亲是画家谢龙勋。
I was in there just now, I saw her face after you left.	刚刚我在里面看到她的表情。
Hey. Thought you had the day off. 	嗨。还以为你今天休息。 
No. She'd never agree to that.	不。她不会同意的。
I remember our nice teachers and classmates and especially appreciate the great work of teachers and their spirit imprinted in the young minds.	我记得我们可爱亲切的老师们和同学们，老师们尽心尽力地工作，他们的精神，深深地影响了年轻的心灵。
Tails. You lose again.	字那面。你又输了。
I thought you should hear it from me.	我想我应该告诉你这事情。
I had warned you.	我警告过你呀。
When hardened offenders gather to swap tales of teenage rebellion...	当所有的少教犯聚在一起交换着彼此的叛逆故事时…
Yes, in 15 minutes. Your dad will be out of surgery by then. 	是15分钟之内到到时候你爸爸就做完手术了。 
He has never conquered his addiction to smoking.	他一直未能戒除烟瘾。
We should also note that some health authorities remain concerned about the potential effects of coffee drinking on heart disease, fibrocystic breast disease, stomach ulcers, and pancreatic and colorectal cancer, although for the most part recent studies seem to be exonerating coffee on these issues.	我们还应该注意一些卫生当局仍然担心喝咖啡对心脏病，纤维囊肿性乳腺瘤，胃溃疡和胰，结肠癌症等疾病的潜在风险，即使最近的多数研究似乎在涤清咖啡和这些担忧的关系。
Anyway, where's Joon - Suk? 	元瑞在哪儿？ 
Well, maybe it's better not knowing. 	哼，还不如不知道被背叛好。 
No. I'm not leaving.	不。我才不走。
But it's funny, Frank.	但他们可搞笑了弗兰克。
And I think my patient should try your thing.	我想我的病人需要试试你的治疗。
Hey, uh... Virginia. Wait.	弗吉尼亚。等等。
Look, I killed at least a dozen of them before I trapped those two for study.	在我因为想要研究而困住那些苍蝇前我杀死了一大堆。
How much do I pay? Three hundred ninety - eight dollars even. 	我要付多少钱？$ 398. 
Looking out at the fireworks for the very last time.	最后一次观赏烟火。
I'm crazy agile. 	我太敏捷了。 
And I'm glad I met you.	我很高兴见到你。
She's throwing a tantrum. That's all.	她不过是在耍脾气罢了。
Good feeling comes from a nap, good taste comes from a dumpling 	好受莫如倒着，好吃莫如饺子 
It's official! You heard detective dipstick. Let's do this. 	严肃点傻帽警长发话了快带路。 
Therefore, heads, we accept, and tails, we blow your damn head off.	因此，正，接受提议，反，打下你的狗头。
You know? Bleach. Bleach. 	明白吗？漂白剂漂白剂。 
And say nothing more. 	别再多说。 
Who are you now? Huh? Who are you?	你现在是谁？嗯？你是谁？
An alpha this powerful and we knew nothing about him?	一个这么强大的阿尔法，我们却不知道他的存在？
This is the temple located opposite to marcella's house.	这就是坐落在玛小姐屋子对面的庙。
I arranged the rocks.	我把石头绑在身上。
I don't want another one. 	我不希望再次出现。 
But I'm not worried about people losing. 	我不在乎有人被淘汰。 
My father tells me you've been skipping classes. 	我父亲告诉我你一直在逃课。 
You have to learn a lot about her quickly. 	你必须尽快地了解她。 
There's no pretense. No fucking bullshit. 	不造作，不扯蛋。 
When you are addressing me you are addressing this office. Do you understand? 	但你跟我说话等于跟教宗说话了解吗？ 
Okay. Okay. C - cool. So it's tested?	好的。好的。太棒了。那么这东西测试过了？
It's getting stronger day by day.	每天都见好。
I'm going to lock down for the night. 	我要把它锁上一晚。 
This is the key purpose of all god-ordained sufferings.	这是上帝让灾难降临在我们身上的主要目的。
We kept her out.	我们让她待在外面。
Judge, this man is lying.	法官，这个人在说谎。
Will you talk to her, Stuart? 	你跟她谈谈么，斯图亚特？ 
I couldn't let her lose another. 	我不能让她再失去一个。 
This establishes that all behavior is righteous or unrighteous, not healthy or unhealthy; and certainly not the psychological heresy "feelings are neither good nor bad, they just exist."	这个规定,所有的行为是正义和公理,而不是健康或不健康;当然不是心理旁门左道"的感觉,既不好也不坏,他们只是存在."
And though hou is proud of his films, he thinks the dearth of commercial films is hurting taiwan cinema.	侯孝贤虽以他的电影为荣，但也认为商业电影的缺乏正损害着台湾的电影业。
Easy enough. Just give me some bread, a big net and a hammer. 	太简单了。只要给我点面包屑，一个网子跟一把榔头。 
Sure. My cell phone... 	当然可以，我的手机呢… 
Relax. You'll get the next one.	别着急。你还会拿到一张的。
As the crystals take on moisture, they may become too heavy for updrafts to support.	当冰晶携带了足够水分，上升气流便可能无法支撑它们的重量。
Let's put it to the tests.	我们就测试一下吧。
I'm looking around, he's right behind me... 	我四下看，他就在我身后... 
Want to go to a titty bar? 	想去无上装酒吧吗？ 
Mary will stop stuttering. She wiIl brisk up. 	她将告别口吃，恢复本来面貌。 
I looked up, my nose skidding across his jaw.	我抬起头，我的鼻子在他的下巴打滑。
Took me digging through layers of shell companies, just to figure it out.	我挖了多少层空壳公司才发现呐。
But I haven't been able to figure out how to interface them yet. Have you used them before? 	但我现在还想不出如何接入它们，你以前用过吗？ 
He doesn't want to be on air today 	他不想参与现场直播 
I think we got enough for a warrant.	我觉得我们可以申请搜查令了。
I killed him and I'll look after his remains. 	我杀了他还得照料这尸体。 
We could meet everyone's basic needs by prioritising jobs in manufacturing and agriculture while downsizing the financial industry and the military.	通过制造业和农业优先就业，精简金融业和国家军队，每个人的基本生活需求则可以得到满足。
Laid eyes on you in detention. 	在禁闭室里我的目光停留到你身上。 
Why don't we have a picture? 	为什么我们没拍过照？ 
Look, we have to go...	听着，我们必须去...
If I tell you where he is, 	我要是告诉你他在哪儿， 
Name's Roy.	我叫罗伊。
I don't need to know everything. It's just a business.	你不必这个都让我看。这只不过是生意的一部分。
In fact, the reasons of the traditional originalist can't conceal its plights, namely concerning issues of the authoritative source of constitution and of the stand.	事实上，传统原旨主义者所持的理由无法掩饰该方法所存在的困境，即关于宪法权威性来源的问题和立足点上的问题。
Uh, the first elevator was full, 	呃，第一部电梯满了， 
You left a window to your bedroom unlocked	你的卧室开了一扇窗户房门也没有锁
I had let myself believe that this night would be a turning point,	我让自己相信那晚是我的一个转折点，
I'm ready to go to the jury tomorrow. 	我准备明天召集陪审团。 
He and his team at ucl decided to test the validity of the claims with an experiment involving using volunteers reacting to flashing and flickering discs on a screen.	他和他在英国伦敦大学的团队决定做实验验证这个现象，实验中他们让志愿者对着闪光的屏幕做出反应。
Cool, awesome! 	当然，太好了！ 
What kind of an employee would you describe yourself as? 	你觉得自己是什么样的员工呢？ 
He accused you of using excessive force. You know that, right? 	他指控你滥用武力，你知道的，是吧？ 
It's foamy milk that you add to the coffee.	将牛奶打出泡沫后加入咖啡中。
We just need some money for a few days. Then we'll see.	我们需要几天的钱。
I'd like to see your pictures when you were little.	我想看看你小时候的照片
I'll just get some rest and deal with you all tomorrow. 	我明天再解决你们。 
But he sort of felt he had to be grateful... 	但是他感到他必须要感激... 
Hey, man. Look at old weird Harold. 	嘿，伙计。看看我们怪异的老哈罗德。 
What would he do next?	他会怎么办呢？
The index is based on the idea of purchasing-power parity, which says that a currency's price should reflect the amount of goods and services it can buy.	巨无霸指数的基础是购买力平价，即一种货币的价格应该反映它所能买到的商品和服务。
I tell it better than you. 	我比你讲得好。 
You've had a chance to solve this. Only been one day.	已经给过你们机会解决了。这不过才第一天。
But even if beijing were not involved, why would hong kong's rich give up a system that protects their interests so completely?	不过，就算北京方面不过问此事，香港的富人们为何要放弃一个如此全面地捍卫着他们利益的体系呢？
Must be destroyed immediately following the popes death.	在教皇驾崩后必须立即销毁。
Want a tank, some jet fighters or maybe an aircraft carrier for your movie?	想在电影中使用坦克、战斗机和航空母舰吗？
Believe me. Our band is good	相信我，我们的乐队是最棒的
Do you mind? It's personal.	你们不介意吧这是私人问题。
Are you OK? I got your message. 	你好么？我收到你的短信了。 
40.00 mile(s) from Santa Ynez Indian Casino 	距离圣伊内斯印第安赌场 40.00英里 
Well, sometimes the most	对，有时候这些最
His speeches were magnificently written but his delivery was hopeless.	他的发言稿写得非常精彩，但他的演讲风格真是无可救药。
She wants to discuss with you 	她想跟你谈一谈 
The biotechnology industry did not expect the ruling.	生物科技工程产业并没有料想到这样的判决结果。
In the Hollywood free press, in free.	在好莱坞自由新闻中，免费。
At night, everyhing is dark. You can't see anything.	晚上，什么东西都黑乎乎的，什么都看不见。
Remember the shark teeth. See you later. 	别忘了鲨鱼的牙齿待会儿见。 
I'm going to buy you a drink. 	我要给你买杯酒。 
I'm all yours. And I could be your 	只为你工作。我会成为 
Um, well, see, a TV washed up on the beach once	唔，一次一台电视机被冲到海滩上
For the chair of dispatch ( or guidance) unit, please strictly examine and then affix the person number and the specific date.	派遣.指导单位主管对公假人数及日期,请予以严格审查并与签章确认.
Mom. We have cable. Yeah. 	妈妈，我们有电视。是啊。 
And I'll read aloud. 	我要大声朗读。 
Is on this very sandwich that we are about to share. 	我们即将要分享的三明治上放了哈瓦蒂干酪。 
I've got a snippet of information that might interest you.	我刚得到一点消息，是你可能感兴趣的。
Yes, sir, scout master! 	是的，童子军警官！ 
I can give you key information. 	我可以给你一些关键资讯。 
I treat them like trucks - specifically, cargo trucks.	我把它们当做卡车确切地说是货车。
One slap from his forearm, and that's it. 	它的前爪拍下去就一下。 
Yeah, right. A bunch of rich people trying to feel good about themselves. 	是的，没错。很多有钱人爱显摆。 
Ezek 25:5 and I will make rabbah a stable for camels, and the ammonites a couching place for flocks, and ye shall know that I am the lord.	结25:5我必使拉巴为骆驼场，使亚扪人的地为羊群躺卧之处，你们就知道我是耶和华。
You can ask about your mommy as much as you want. 	你可以一遍一遍问只要你愿意。 
Serpent, we'll try our hand at a mark.	大蟒蛇，我们得找个靶子，试试咱们的手气。
We can have an opinion, but it's her choice. 	我们可以建议，但由她选择。 
Supposed to be like a drama, right? 	把这看作是正剧好吧？ 
Sometimes I just feel like I dropped in on this family. 	有时候我觉得自己就像这个家的一个过客。 
Well, what about your trip?	你不是去旅行了么？
The Mesquite Sports Complex hosts tournaments, games and matches year-round. 	麦斯奎特体育中心全年举办众多锦标赛、运动会和比赛。 
I need you to be quiet about this. 	我要你保守秘密。 
Just tell me what happened with juror number 7.	告诉我7号陪审员怎么样。
The counselor sustains that the treatments did not have 	律师承认那疗法没有惩罚性意图 
I'm inman, by the way. That's my name.	顺便说一下，我叫依曼。
But the accident tells us	可那场事故表明
That's not about our third grade play, 	因为它拍的不是第三种男人， 
So we went into overdrive to try to, at the very last minute...	因此我们都十分紧张，到最后一分钟…
I know you're always complaining about your little, uh - 	我知道你总是抱怨你的- 
She said you could go back inside if you want to. 	她说如果你愿意的话你可以进去。 
If you insist to stay with me will break your legs and hands 	你要跟我就打断你的手脚 
I'm not going back anywhere! Forget it, Casper! 	我哪儿都不会回去的！别想那么多了，卡斯珀！ 
Yet he faults the president for not grappling with the crisis and instead running through his campaign "shopping list": raising the minimum wage, cutting the price of petrol, bringing in the 75% tax rate and so on.	但他批评，奥朗德没有努力应对危机，反而在他的竞选中许下一连串诺言，包括提高最低工资标准、降低石油价格、推行75%的个人所得税等。
But murphy's background in publishing and the music industry did give him an even more important qualification: that of having piloted his companies through uniquely fast-changing times.	不过，莫菲在出版及音乐产业方面的背景的确给他增添了更为重要的资历：引领他的公司安全度过了这个飞速变幻的时代。
You see, my whole career is built upon theft and betrayal.	你看，我的整个事业都是建立在偷盗和出卖上。
But I want to do a good job. 	但我想干得更好一些。 
That she functioned	因为她是让你有欲望的
Mama says that alligators are ornery -  	妈妈说所有的鳄鱼是心胸狭窄的 - 
I think I've had enough zest for a while.	我想我是够热情了。
The BEST WESTERN PLUS Daphne Inn & Suites on the right. 	贝斯特韦斯特普拉斯达芙妮套房酒店就在右侧。 
Will it erupt soon? 	它就要爆发了吗？ 
I'm sorry. There was no way to let you know. 	抱歉，我没办法联络到你。 
No. Rocky road is great.	当然不是坚果雪糕挺好的。
I left a comfortable hotel bed for this. 	我为了这个离开了舒服的旅馆床。 
But he remained attached to his "little american dream, his personal great adventure", even on the troop ship steaming out of oakland towards vietnam.	但即便站在驶离奥克兰（oakland）、前往越南的运兵船上，他依然念念不忘“心中的美国梦以及个人的雄心抱负”。
And finally, "vice principals make the best lovers.	最后一条，" 副校长可以是最好的情人。
How is he gonna get my report? 	他怎么拿到我的报告呢？ 
Devote more time to practice. 	在练习上投入更多的时间。 
Are you protecting a Grimm? 	你在保护格林使者？ 
And if I were a girl, I'd do her, too. 	我要是个女孩，也想上她。 
And he said to her, if thou shouldest weave the seven locks of my head with the web.	参孙回答说，你若将我头上的七条发绺，与纬线同织就可以了。
What? No! No, no. Yeah. 	啥？不！不，你猜对了。 
Well, it would be a shame if he didn't make it,	好吧，如果他不幸来不了，
Yeah. Leaving new York March 30, 1975, 	嗯。1975年3月30日离开纽约， 
Princess, let us in. Princess?	公主，让我们进去公主？
In the later medieval ages, secular kingdom which based on the national consciousness became stronger, while christian church lost its credibility and universalism because of his own corruption and "the avignon captivity". So the struggle finished at the end of christian church's failure.	中世纪晚期，民族国家意识的产生为世俗王权的强大奠定了基础，而此时的基督教会因为“阿维农之囚”和自身的腐败堕落，威信逐渐丧失，不再具有普世性，政教之争以教会的失败告终。
Awesome!   	好太棒了！ 
Please, dear friend, accept us as your maidservants and show us your beautiful lotus face.	亲爱的朋友，请接受我们为祢的女仆，让我们看到祢的美丽莲花脸庞。
That scientists use to find extrasolar planets.	科学家就可以找到日外行星。
The move to return grain for green has got this area back to its former beauty.	退耕还林使这个地区又恢复了昔日的秀美。
Before voyager 2 flew by uranus, simple image-compression software was transmitted to the back-up, allowing a 640 kilobyte picture to be squeezed without loss to as little as 256 kilobytes.	在航海家二号经过天王星之前，简单的图像压缩软件被传输到备份系统，使640千字节的图像可以在不损失图像质量的情况下被压缩到256千字节。
Wear it in the winter with a cute cardigan and tights.	冬天可以搭配可爱的开襟毛衫和紧身衣。
That was brave. What incredible flexibility.	做得太好了。弹性真好。
If I took the case, then why am I still here? 	我要是拿了手提箱还在这儿干嘛？ 
A long time ago I told you you were going to go to hell when you died,	以前我说过你死后会下地狱，
cause there's nothing in there.	因为里面什么也没有。
You know what you were saying in the office about manning?	你知道你在办公室里是怎么说曼宁的吗？
That's why I wanted you on the case. 	所以我才想你加入进来。 
You crawled it. What. 	你慢得像龟爬一样。什么？ 
How about a bottle of DOM? What is this? Breakfast?	一瓶当酒怎么样？这是什么？早餐？
Air seeps into the leaves through pores on their surface 	空气从树叶表面走进孔道 
That power squarely rests with oil-rich nations that hold most of the world's oil reserves and the wall street banks and hedge funds that speculate and make markets in the oil trading game.	定价权掌握在拥有丰富石油储备的国家和制定石油市场交易规则的华尔街银行和对冲基金的手中。
My lips are blue.  	嘴唇青紫发绀。 
Yeah, the deck is never gonna smell the same. Who is the ALT? 	是的，甲板的味道从来都不好闻。谁更兴奋一点？ 
But you haven't done that! You've made me damned disappointed. 	但是你没有那样做！你他妈的让我很失望。 
He is worthy of being worshipped.	所以他配得一切的敬拜。
Besides, the most different trait between us is that she is frank and forthright and I am usually undecided and hesitant.	除此之外，我和她最大的不同点就是，她的个性是很直爽的，我则是常常犹豫不决。
Every time I ask pogue about it, he just tells me it's all nonsense. 	每次我跟伯格问起这事，他都说那是一派胡言。 
Unless fiscal discipline is restored, direct sales of municipal paper will be no easier.	除非财政自律得到恢复，地方政府直接发行的债券也不会好卖。
Oh, really? I just got off the phone with Molly. He tried to kill Dupree. 	是么？我刚跟茉莉打过电话。他差点要杀了迪普雷。 
My guy who imports it, only $3,700 a bottle for me. 	我哥们给我搞到的，才花了3700刀。 
Take their vitamins. Which they always do.	吃维生素片。他们一直自己做的。
Hours after saying it will accept a japanese rescue team, the foreign ministry said in a statement early friday that specialist crews from russia, south korea, and singapore would be welcome as well.	在表明其将接受日本援救队伍的数小时之后，外交部于周五在一份声明中称，来自俄罗斯、韩国和新加坡的专家组也将被允许进入。
The air is clean. The sky is blue. 	空气清新。天空蔚蓝。 
To memorize my brazilian friend, daddy, customer!	谨以此文纪念我亦友亦父的巴西客户！
It's my pleasure to announce that we have raised the money to do west side story this year. 	我荣幸宣布我们筹集到了资金音乐剧计划继续。 
Because you'll get joy and grace all over 	因为你回归造物主怀抱的时候 
Is your wife. It's the end. 	你妻子的尸体。这真是世界末日。 
Yeah, that's part of it. 	嗯，那也是一部分。 
That's the thing. I don't think she was. 	我正想说这个。她不大可能贩毒。 
What's on your blouse?	你的衬衫上是什么？
Plunging demand in 2008 forced thousands of factories to close and threw millions of laborers out of work.	2008年需求量的减少导致上千家工厂倒闭，百万人失业。
So we'll do what we need to do so that people leave us in peace. 	所以我们会尽一切可能让人们还我们清静。 
La voice. 	嗓音。 
As a correspondent especially appointed by the xin hua news agency.	以新华社特派记者的身份。
You know what, I'm not big on categorizing things into strange and not.	你知道吗，我不太喜欢分事情奇怪与否。
Just run, man. 	别管了，快跑吧，伙计。 
She's gorgeous and she's got a feisty personality too. 	她很漂亮而且性格也很活泼。 
The other 25,000 	其他的25，000天 
Y ou want me to leave school? 	你要我离开学校？ 
He even took me to the window... 	他甚至把我带到窗户那儿。 
Where is she? Rita!	她上哪了？丽塔！
Not every hope will come to pass.	不是每一个希望都能通过。
No. No, I’ve just been super busy. That's all.	不,不我正好有事忙没别的。
I'd do her if I absolutely had to. 	如果她想上床我也没有顾忌了。 
Superiors have decided to transfer inspector ma 	昨晚，高层已决定把马长官调走 
East, borne on the bodies of murdered men. 	东方，乘在被虐杀的人的尸体上。 
Because he's one of the best, 	因为他是最好的一个， 
Cbot shareholders may agree: the ice deal looks likely to preserve more jobs than the rival bid, and would offer some potentially lucrative financial perks to cbot members.	芝加哥期货交易所的股东也许同意：洲际交易所合并协议看起来可能比竞争对手的方案保存更多的就业，并且能够为芝加哥期货交易所的会员提供一些潜在的赚钱的财政津贴。
Because he's mean. 	因为他很刻薄 
Good news for japan inc., which showed boosted figures for manufacturing output recently.	对于制造业产出数据近期获得提振的日本公司来说，这是一个好消息。
Botany divided into many deep, narrow segments.	裂开的：分成许多深而窄的断片。
I'm cracking myself up here	我整个人快精神崩溃了
You're blaming me for this?	怎么都怪到我头上了？
12.00 mile(s) from sky diving, Monterey Bay 	距离蒙特雷湾跳伞点 12.00 英里。 
In the deserts of Utah	在漠他州的沙漠中
So when are you back? - hard to say. 	你什么时候回来？- 难说。 
Good afternoon. May I show you something? 	下午好。有什么需要吗？ 
Troubled economic climates can upend political calculations.	糟糕的经济状况能够影响政治选票的结果。
I'm not, like, a sniper or anything.	我又不是狙击手。
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight.	各位，我今天将唱全新的曲目
Yes, I was hoping you could help me with something. 	是啊，我想让你帮我点忙。 
And I think they just appreciated the gesture.	我想她们很感激这举动。
Tokhtakhounov is known as "taiwanchik" for his asian features.	由于其亚洲面孔，他被称为“小台湾”。
I mean, I've never seen him so excited. 	我是说，我从没见过他这么兴奋。 
Remember how the fever mist smells in the bottoms, rank and rotten... 	想想那些底层人的热死病，等级制腐败的... 
The girl's got an appetite. 	她胃口可好了。 
SH, okay. Did you hear about Russian call girls? 	嘘，好。你们听说过俄罗斯应召女郎吗？ 
Papa's big boy. 	帕帕是个大孩子了。 
He is thinking of giving up teaching.	他在考虑辞去教书的工作。
To kill their prey.	捕杀猎物。
Wait, this is not your phone? No.	等等，这是你的手机吗？不是。
We're having a housewarming 	下周末我们会 
Rather we try to help them understand this: accurately assessing the nature of their own personalities their sense of self-identity and the degree of control they have over their work and family lives is crucial to finding satisfaction.	我们尽力使他们明白：准确地评估自己性格的本质和自我的认同意识，以及他们对自己工作和家庭生活的控制度是寻找满足的关键所在。
Hey, do we know that our gas line is okay? 	嘿，我们家煤气管道还好吗？ 
Sitting in the back with his dirty tux on, playing air Plano to every tune.	穿着脏兮兮的礼服坐在后面，合着旋律空弹钢琴。
Iron, ironing board available on request at front office 	前台按请求提供熨斗和熨衣板 
No, I've told you that.	不，我已经告诉过你了。
Yeah. She's, uh...	呃。她有点，呃……
Transportation contributes to 18% of the household budget and 30% of the world's co2 emissions.	交通占家庭预算的18%，全球二氧化碳排放30%来自交通部门。
How about we save the teachable moments till after the playoffs?	我们季后赛之后再惩罚他不行吗？
Everybody stay seated, be calm.	各位请呆在座位，冷静。
You have strings? 	你还有关系？ 
She caught me off guard. She was panicked. 	她在我毫无预备的情况下找了来她很惊慌。 
Okay, fine, I got tired, but that's not the point, mom.	好吧，我也累了，但问题不在这。
Like I said, he's a busy man.	我说过，他很忙。
So you think this trial's actually going to wrap up tomorrow? 	你说审讯明天就能结束？ 
You'll tell me how he did this and how we can keep him from ever doing it again.	你告诉我他是如何办到的以及如何阻止他。
Of course, you are not Kevin gerrity. No.	你当然不是凯文。当然不是。
Screaming he laid his hands	你的手下帮我躲过哨兵
Now he's returned, and I'm afraid the minister will do almost anything...	现在他回来了，恐怕魔法部长会不惜一切...
What was the name? Al Hafez. 	什么名字？阿尔哈法兹。 
It's like more and more I'm catching flashes of reality -	我不断看到现实的影像，越来越多
I've got eactual ealive 	我有眼镜了，活灵活现的眼镜 
I told you, no prostitutes when you're house - sitting. 	我告诉过你，看管房子时不准带妓女回家。 
As you can see, we do purely research now. 	如你所见，我们现在纯粹做研究了。 
Dude.Poor people?Awesome.	伙计，穷人？真不错。
I just saw his wife. 	我刚见了他妻子。 
We're only responsible for the payout. 	我们只管收钱。 
Round two is starting without you! 	你们还不来么，第二回合开始了！ 
And what is qe, something that changes the value of the dollar, pound and euro in your pocket, if it is not an abuse of a measure?	改变你口袋里美元、英镑和欧元价值的定量宽松如果不是滥用度量衡的话，又是什么呢？
But my wife took the oil heater upstairs. 	我妻子把电热炉拿到楼上了。 
I'm not making a monster. Sure you're not. Good luck.	我不是在造魔鬼。那就不是吧祝你好运。
I thought so. You took off pretty quick this afternoon. 	我也这么想。你下午走得好匆忙。 
Sanctified life through the death and resurrection of christ.	以基督的死与复活论成圣生活。
The university of washington is releasing a graphical simulation of the raven that can be used to test its control system virtually.	华盛顿大学正在发布raven的一个图形化模拟，这实际可以用来检测它的控制系统。
I don't want it to happen! I Haven't slept all night. 	我不想发生这种事！我一晚上没睡了。 
Should have jumped him when I had the chance. 	当我有机会时该早点对他投怀送抱。 
What if she went over there to help him commit suicide? 	如果是她去到那里帮助他实施自杀的呢？ 
You didn't tell me it would hurt this much. 	你没说过会这么疼啊 
You leave the East coast, coffee's no good, food's all sugar.	一旦离开了东海岸，咖啡就变得很难喝，食物全是甜的。
He changed his last name. 	他换了姓氏。 
Worse, the poisonous politics of the past few weeks have created new sorts of uncertainty.	更加糟糕的是，过去几周勾心斗角的政治添加了新的不确定性。
There were computers, but they weren't personal computers.	当时有电脑，但是没有个人电脑。
A month later, a man defending his property in hunan province set himself alight after demolition crews approached his home.	一个月以后，湖南省一位男子为了保护自己的房产，在拆迁人员赶来拆迁之时，引火自焚。
North, might be. Could be.	可能，去北方吧。大概。
I've got the brains, and you've got talent. 	我有头脑，你有天赋。 
She was 13. 	她才13岁 
Where are your eyes?	你眼睛在哪里？
According to Japan's Kyodo news agency, in the days following the devastation,	据日本共同社报道，在灾难发生后数天内，
Why am l always that ill - fated?	怎么总是找我？
If you could go back, what moment would you choose? 	如果你能回去，会选择哪一刻？ 
N no, the grantee has not been granted this permission by the grantor.	n否，授予者没有授予被授予者该权限。
You don't get a lot of fresh food. 	你就很难吃到新鲜食物。 
Oh, you're gonna love it too.	哦，你一定也会喜欢上的。
As an ex-law professor, I can assure you she is right.	作为前法学教授，我向你保证她是对的
That's not very collegial.	不是很符合大学的要求。
When elrath needs you, even death stands aside.	当艾尔拉思需要你时，就连死亡也要靠边站。
Was anything I could do he was already dead. 	我做什么都没用了他已经死了。 
Just last week, a jury thanked a man. 	上周陪审团刚放了这么一个人。 
we're watching the senator work the room before he gives the speech.	我们在看议员准备他要做的演说。
What? So I like a little symmetry.	怎么了？我喜欢对称一点的。
Road, bridge, road.	公路，桥，公略。
You gotta get up. - run for it, Chuck. Go.	你的站起来- 快跑，恰克。快逃。
The greatest thing that I ever saw. 	我见过的最伟大的事情。 
He was a full six and a half days ahead of his usual schedule. 	他早了六天半完成他的事情。 
Tell her I said so.	告诉她我同意。
Hey, look, all right, you proved	嘿，听着，好吧，你已经证明了
That would be enough to restore it to profitability if there were no further write-downs on its holdings of greek government bonds.	如果其持有的希腊政府债券账面价值不会进一步下降的话，这就足以使得该银行恢复盈利。
He thinks the only antidote to hate radio is rival fm transmissions, run by locals who speak familiar dialects and cater to local interests, from farming to music.	他认为，对付仇恨广播，唯一解毒办法就是播放对抗性调频广播节目，由说相似方言的当地人主持，播放从农业到音乐等迎合地方口味的节目。
Mr michnik sees that decision in retrospect as probably the least bad of the available options: it would have done poland no good, he argues, to repeat the hungarian uprising of 1956.	米奇尼克认为事后回想起来当时的那个决定可能是最不糟糕的选择：他认为，重复1956年匈牙利的暴动对波兰来说不会是好事。
This view is straightforward but mistaken in many ways.	这个足够坦率的的观点在很多方面来讲就都是错误的。
Analysts were by no means convinced, however.	然而，分析师们并没有被这种理论说服。
Oh, baby. Mmm! Yeah. 	噢，宝贝！恩！耶！ 
Good. So, how do we make a connection with this guy? 	不错。那我们怎么和他沟通？ 
What did we see the kids do last year? 	我们去年看到孩子们演的什么？ 
Thank God that fortune has spared you... 	感谢上帝对你的眷顾... 
They were compared with modern skeletons.	它们被拿来与现代骨骼比较。
?From: The west. Take A81, Paris-Tours/A11 Way Out: Rambouillet-Etampes-Ablis/N10, Rambouillet/D13: Way Out: Maurepas Centre (stop), towards the BEST WESTERN PLUS Maurepas St. Quentin. 	?出发地：西方。走A81号高速公路，巴黎-图尔斯/A11公路，出口：兰布莱-特普拉/N10公路、兰布莱/D13公路：出口：Maurepas 中心（停止），然后开往贝斯特韦斯特莫里帕斯圣昆汀酒店。 
I'm just here to try to patch things up with my father. We're not really speaking. 	我来这里只是想试着解决我和我爸爸的事情。这不属于真正的谈话。 
Fine. Wen we officially start dating, 	好。我们正式交往的那天， 
Why Yasser Arafat	为什么阿拉法特拒绝
I hope everything works out okay. 	希望问题都解决了。 
Oh, you get religion? 	哦，你信教了？ 
Or a make - believe pregnancy. 	又或者是假装怀孕。 
Find me a 90 - year - old projector and I'll prove it to you. 	找一个90年的老式电影机我就证明给你看。 
You've got some balls. 	你已加入舞会了。 
Of victor von doom's numerous technology companies.	维克特范多的无数科技公司。
After he got out. 	他曾努力挽回。 
To get your hands on this mysterious assassin? 	想调查那个神秘杀手的原因吗？ 
What's the application process?	有什么必要手续么？
We're twin brothers, but we're nothing alike.	我们是双胞胎，却毫不相像。
They were kind of like the old tallying system-four small vertical lines, crossed by one horizontal.	它们看起来象某种老式计算系统--4条垂直线，1条水平线。
How much you got him on the line for? 	你让他投多少？ 
What's that noise? 	是什么声音？ 
Is it tough being an actress? Can I tell you about my ideal?	当女演员很辛苦吧？要不要我跟你说说我的理想型？
Before sander steps into the plane, you have to execute him.	在桑德走进飞机之前，你必须干掉他。
She'd yell my name, yell my name, you know? 	她大声叫我的名字，叫我的名字，知道吗？ 
We have to find a way to integrate your wife into your sexual routine. 	我们得想办法将你妻子融入你的性生活中。 
Can't you think of something else to say?	你不能想想别的东西吗？
Go to lunch, will you? That's why I came in to work today. 	去吃午饭，好吗？那正是我今天来工作的原因。 
That's the plan, coach. Give me the ball. 	我也是这么想的，教练。把球给我。 
He lost much more than you 	他失去的比你多 
Change your ways by midnight, or I'll turn you into the ghost of Christmas past! 	午夜前改变你的行事风格，否则你将会成为圣诞节过去之魂！ 
But do you like it? 	你喜欢这件吗？ 
Leave me alone. Never talk to me again. 	又不能买东西。你别再跟我讲话。 
This is insane, even for you.	你真是疯到没谱了。
She better be there tomorrow.	最好明天就到。
Is it? Seriously? Yeah, nothing.	是吗？真的？是啊，啥没有。
All right, primary protocol is to stay put and guard the box.	好吧第一协议是原处不动守护黑匣子。
Medial transposition of radial nerve during internal fixation of fracture at the middle, distal end of humerus.	桡神经内移在肱骨中下段骨折内固定术中的应用。
Bring on boyle and perconte, go!	快去找波勒和派康提来！
It's a stepping stone to mainstream success.	明星梦的小萝莉。
What's striking, though, is the qualitative nature of the pluses and minuses.	然而，令人印象深刻的是这些优势和弱点的性质。
That sometimes these codes are merely recognition symbols - 	有时候密码仅仅只是识别符号而已 - 
Look, I'm gonna find our real parents.	听着，我要去找我们亲生父母。
L fear it could be terribly addicting.	我怕我会很上瘾。
When I see the others embracing more tightIy 	当我看到别人紧紧拥抱 
This chapter describes the process of creating the terrain, from the first grey scale height map to the painting of vegetation brushes and applying light.	这一章描述建立地形的过程，从先用灰度定义地形高度的地形图然后用植物笔刷画植被并应用光照。
I ever really loved.	唯一真爱的女孩。
I only do what I want. Yeah, but, look, I know you're saving yourself,	我只做自己想做的。但，我知道你宣誓守贞了，
The rebel tribesmen are growing in numbers. 	反叛的部族会越来越多。 
it has exceeded our expectations,Service is excellent,a welcome retreat,Rooms are clean and tidy with everything,the views are awesome 	超乎想象，服务很棒，世外桃源一般，房间干净整洁，视野极佳 
Sporadic clothing shopping and, uh, the purchase of single movie tickets. 	偶尔买几件衣服，还有单人的电影票。 
Each new lng terminal decreases vladimir putin's ability to blackmail his neighbours and much of western europe.	而每新增一个液态天然气接收站都将削弱普金勒索其邻国的能力，这些邻国大多是西方国家。
Not when we're walking into a location full of unknowns. 	我不能带你去闯虎穴。 
I can't hear you. Sorry 	我听不到你说什么。不好意思 
You could have just asked. 	你该先打声招呼。 
I was magnetized by his beautiful voice.	我陶醉于他那美妙的嗓音之中。
I prefer working with reputable folk. 	我更乐意于和声誉良好的人共事。 
Today, we are going to spoil you. 	今天我们将服侍你。 
So this is the climax. 	原来这便叫高潮！ 
It had to be pink, obviously.	一定是粉色的显而易见。
don't laugh. Most women would be ripping their clothes off in the presence of this kind of Web savvy.	别笑啊。多少女孩子看到这些就扑过来啦。
Every time she glanced at an old photo	每当她瞥过自己的旧照片之时
I don't know what Sanpo will do	我不知道三蒲他会怎样
But most of all a year full of songs. 	当然还有歌曲的陪伴。 
Because the victim was the vice president's brother.	因为受害人是副总统的兄弟。
So we're both siobs.	我们都是败家子。
You're not interested in college - fine, but you don't live here anymore. 	你对大学没兴趣-没问题，只不过你也不能再住在这里了。 
As the country picks itself up from the 2010 earthquake that killed more than 250,000 people, he needs to convince its unbanked masses, many of whom are illiterate, to embrace the digital age with mobile financial services more sophisticated and advanced than anything available in north america or europe.	2010年的海地大地震夺去了25万多人的性命，而现在，夏普需要说服连银行账户都没有的海地人民（其中有很多人还是文盲）去迎接一个崭新的数码时代，接受他的公司所提供的移动金融服务，而且这种服务甚至比北美和欧洲的同类服务还要更复杂、更先进。
In those cases, you have to make sure 	在这些情况下，你得确保 
It's the truth. Check the alley. 	是真的。去查查巷子。 
The aftershock spread well beyond derivatives.	这拨动荡产生的余震已经远远超出衍生品范围。
All we do is try to get the girls in, 	我们一直都只针对女性客户， 
I'm a soldier of the 28th Louisiana infantry. 	我是路易斯安那28步兵团的军人。 
But only if it's what you really want. 	但你必须真心愿意。 
Guys are trekking for four hours, carrying all of the camp supplies, 	因为在这些人带着行李步行四小时，到营地的途中， 
I am kind of afraid, that he could win the whole thing. 	我有点害怕，他可能会赢得比赛。 
Zhang Yimou! No way, I can't believe it's really you!	张导，你娘了个腿的！你真是张导啊！
He just thought this would blow right over, hein? Well, that's how it usually works. 	他以为会这样算了哈？我说从来都是这样算了的吧。 
So in case that there's a recovery, the credit default	在存在回收的情况下，信用违约互换
I'm exhausted. I was told to ask here. 	我没力气了。有人告诉我来这儿问问。 
We go to the movies, that's 15 bucks. 	我们去看电影。我收十五。 
It's right on 5th ave.	就在第五大道。
What do you think you're doing? You're gonna take me down to the fuel tanks. 	你在干什么带我去油料箱。 
Before I tell you anything more... 	在我透露更多内容以前… 
God speaks to me. 	上帝和我谈过。 
Oh, but just so you know, 	不过，还是要告诉你， 
Pick it up, quick... 	快捡起来.. 
I had pneumonia and pleurisy - I didn't even know I was dying - 	我有肺炎和胸膜炎- 我甚至不知道我要死了- 
We will open this bottle of champagne. 	我们一定会开启这瓶香槟。 
Poor baby. What's gonna happen to him?	可怜的孩子。他会怎么样？
Mr rossy, who is a professional airline pilot, will be accompanied by a fleet of helicopters and aircraft to film the event, which will be broadcast live on the internet.	rossy先生是一名专业的飞机驾驶员，他此次行动将有直升机和飞机航队伴随拍摄，并在互联网上实况直播。
But local government employment dropped yet again, by 12000.	而地方政府提供的工作岗位再次减少，仅有12000个。
I'm gonna go check the evidence room log.	我去检查证据室的记录。
Take cover! Down! Wash, get in there. 	找掩护！趴下，进去。 
Wait here... What are you talking about?	别走... 你到底在说什么？
Should expect a very strongly worded letter from the magicians local 77. 	你将会收到本地魔术师协会的措辞非常严厉的信。 
Maybe that first phone call.	他认为自己就是一名大天使。
My mother says when you gonna live your life right? 	我妈妈问，你何时才能让生活步入正轨？ 
Didn't seem to matter to her that something like that could kill a person	对她来说即使那样的动作能杀死一个人也是无关紧要的
I understand. Stay on it, please. 	我知道了。你留在这里。 
He just wanted some stuff to sell to get drugs. 	他不过想顺点儿东西去换毒品。 
Parenting can only go so far. 	做父母的也只能做那么多了。 
No, not everybody.	不,不是每个人。
U. s. troops, planes, and missiles can overthrow a government on the other side of the world in weeks, but pacifying and stabilizing a conquered country is another matter.	数周内，美国陆军、飞机和导弹便可以推翻世界上一个敌对政权，但实现征服国的和平稳定则是另外一码事。
Yes, warden. I've just finished my report on Jarrett. 	是的，监狱长我刚刚写完关于加里特的报告。 
Yes. Someone stole my shoes.	对。有人偷了我的鞋子。
What are we proving? 	我们能证明什么？ 
What's kyle doing? 	凯乐在做什么？ 
I have had an interest in this boy. 	我向来喜欢这孩子。 
Do you want our family to be dragged through the mud by every newspaper 	你想让这个家深陷泥潭吗 
She has a microchip under the skin.	她的皮肤下面有个芯片
Do you want to go gambling tonight? 	今晚想赌钱吗？ 
Mom screeched, yanking me back through my window.	妈妈尖叫着，从我的窗户我猛拉回来。
Why didn't they tell me you were here?	他们怎没告诉我你在这里呢？
That I can see. But where? To Martha's place. 	我知道。什么地方？去马莎那儿。 
In many cases, it's just a whisper that reveals...	在很多案子里，只要一句悄悄话就可揭示...
Concentrate on him. 	专注于他。 
Ms daly said dreamworks was also in final talks with mike myers and diaz who voice shrek and princess fiona.	戴利夫人说，梦工厂也正在和为史莱克和菲奥纳公主配音的麦克梅尔斯和迪亚兹进行最后的洽谈。
I was wearing a hospital gown and I was sitting at the foot of my bed.	我梦到我在一家医院，穿着病号服坐在床边。
Aston villa boss gerard houllier says stiliyan petrov's place in the team is not guaranteed.	阿斯顿维拉主帅杰拉德霍利尔称，斯蒂利延彼得罗夫在队中位置不能得到保证。
And that's a very big if,	可是作出很大的牺牲，
I knew you'd still be there. 	我就知道你还在。 
Some scientists working on social robots, like movellan and his team, borrow readily from developmental psychology.	movellan小组等致力于社交机器人研究的科学家，直接从发展心理学中有所借鉴。
In america the biggest medium-term budget busters are pensions and health care for the old.	在美国中期预算最大的毒瘤是老年人的养老金和医疗费。
I gave my heart and my soul to this damn company, 	我把全部心血都给了这死公司， 
And we must all be ready. All of us.	我们都得时刻准备好。所有人都要。
I've come for the job you've advertised.	我来应征你登在广告上的工作。
The maze of former prison buildings is still ringed by coils of barbed wire.	那座已经废弃的监狱至今还被铁丝网包围着。
His hand manipulated a Muppet for 40 years...	他的金手指操纵木偶有40年了。
Oh, it was just some pimp. 	哦，只是几个皮条客。 
So... You know the dragonfly?	呃……你认识蜻蜓？
But I'm starting to think he's an evil genius. 	但我开始觉得他其实是个邪恶天才。 
You know, we're kind of screwed if the hospital doesn't have 	如果医院没有留下记录我们就完蛋了 
How often is she put in a straitjacket? Can she get cigarettes?	她经常穿约束衣吗？她能有烟抽吗？
Mini bar cabinet with laminate top 	有层压顶板的迷你酒吧柜 
She felt a gush of pure affection for her mother.	对母亲的爱突然涌上她的心头。
Why would you tell me that I don't need to worry? 	你凭什么让我别担心？ 
Hutchence was found hanging from a belt tied to a doorknob in a sydney hotel room in 1997, at the age of 37.	1997年，在悉尼一家旅馆房间里，赫琴斯被发现吊死在一根拴在门把手上的皮带上，时年37岁。
So, my wife has been in a bar fight? 	我老婆在酒吧打过架？ 
Aah! We were better off on exploding planet!	啊！我们呆在行星上都比这好！
Oh, she is coming back here though, isn't she?	她要回来的，对吧？
Pull your muffler around your neck, Charles.	把围脖围好，查尔斯。
Well, that's not how she put it, but, yeah, it could have that effect.	呃，她可不是这么说的，不过，是啊，会有这样的效果。
Why don't you stay here for a while? 	为什么不在这儿多呆一段时间？ 
I want to see my mother. 	我要回去找妈妈。 
Custom-designed courses can be structured to accommodate the needs of individuals or for groups from the corporate or government sectors.	另外可以按个人、公司或政府部门的需要定制设计课程。
I was comfortable with that foursome, 	喜欢我们四个在一起， 
And sprint ceo dan hesse has been vocal about how he hopes sprint's green initiatives will distinguish the company from its fierce telecom industry competitors.	斯普林特CEO丹•海塞曾说，他希望斯普林特的环保计划能使该公司有别于电信行业里激烈的竞争对手。
One. Stunning, really.	一块。牛掰，真的。
Your hair will be as straight	你的头发会变得笔直的
With the exception of the instinct of self-preservation, the propensity for emulation is probably the strongest and most alert and persistent of the economic~ proper.	除了自我保护本能以外，模仿的习性很可能是真正的功利性动机中最强烈、最活跃顽固的一种。
And perhaps michael will one day like dameon sharkey, the boy whose gift became a vital link in a chain of love.	也许有一天迈克尔会像达明恩沙开那样，将捐赠变成爱心之链中的重要一环。
Moving cool, moving cool 	动作酷，动作酷 
But sheila, dark sheila, is out upon the moorland.	可是希拉，黑黑的希拉，正远在那高沼地之上。
Causing such a mess?	怎么会变成这样子？
To pull my shit together when I got back -  	我花了多长时间才好些 - 
I'll tell you this. He was not marksman enough -  	我来告诉你。他的枪法没那么好- 
He had been an idiot, his heart was too big.	他当时傻得很，心太仁慈了。
And any good prospects you find, bring them to me. 	如果找到任何合适的人选，把他们带给我。 
I know it. I just know it, Charlie. 	我知道。我知道的，查莉。 
She wants the creature from outer space 	她想要外太空的创造性 
And my chance to protect the kid from further abuse.	以及保护让那个孩子不再遭受虐待的机会。
I'm raising some money, too, for my charity, 	我也在为我的慈善机构筹钱， 
Who put him there? I did. 	是谁让他进医院的？我干的。 
With fuel fetching twice what it did just three years ago, gulf economies are chalking up record growth.	随着燃料价格涨到三年前的两倍，海湾经济增长正在创造历史纪录。
Uh, we can charter a jet out of mccarren. 	从麦凯伦搭飞机。 
What for? The sorcerer. 	为什么？找出法师。 
Political uncertainty is a retardant to economic recovery, but I would be inclined to place greater emphasis on weakness in demand in consequence of the sharp drop, triggered by the financial crash of september 2008, in household wealth and employment prospects.	政治不确定性是经济复苏的一大阻碍，但我可能会倾向于强调，由于2008年9月金融崩溃激发的家庭财富和就业前景的急剧下降，而导致需求的疲软。
Back in the 1980s drug users were a public nuisance in Zurich.	在20世纪80年代，吸毒者在苏黎世是被众人所唾弃的。
It came to a bad end. She finally married another.	结局很不幸。她嫁给了另一个男人。
You Chuck. 	你就是个“独食”。 
But nuts isn't all bad,	但疯倒也不全是坏事，
You look nice, sweetie.	你很帅，亲爱的。
That allf you are hereonight, 	你们今晚能来， 
I'm switching to strawberry milk. 	换成草莓牛奶了。 
Your grandmother wasa lifetime of surprises. 	你奶奶就是这样的人。 
He was a... Complicated man. 	他是个... 很复杂的人。 
Studying ielts, let me opened qq zone here and began to wrote chinese-english diaries, maybe that was the biggest benefit to study in the training center.	读雅思，让我开了这个qq空间，开始写日记锻炼英语写作，或许也算是此次培训最大的收获了。
that knife you're holding was used to inflict	你拿着的那把刀造成了
come on. I have apologized for that so many times. 	又来了。我都道歉过好几次了。 
Please God, let him telephone me.	上帝啊，求你让他打电话给我吧。
I haven't been so impressed with your ability so far. 	但你的能力目前让我不甚满意。 
It'll take you less than five minutes to expose her if she's a fake. 	如果她是假冒的你不到五分钟就会拆穿。 
Wrap my fingers around the disease,	把手伸进去，
Eh, this junk was hardly worth getting up for. 	呃，这垃圾甚至不值得注意。 
Herriot started treating the dogs.	赫瑞尔开始给狗看病。
I know - She's bossy. 	我知道 - 她很专横。 
Why rush it?	怎么这么着急？
Yeah, in a minute. I wanna see where she's going.	好吧，等一会儿。我想看看她去哪儿了。
Just so you know, I was going to leave. 	你得知道我本打算走人的。 
When yasser arafat returned to gaza in 1994 to set up the palestinian authority, he brought a sense of order, security and hope.	当1994年亚西尔阿拉法特回到加沙成立巴勒斯坦民族权力机构时，他带来了一种秩序、安全和希望的感觉。
So, one photographer that lived in kamchatka region for years decided to settle a list of bears that he has seen through the time he was there.	因此，一位长期居住在勘察加的摄影师决定给我们欣赏他住在那时拍到的一些熊的照片。
He passed out on tranquilizers.	他在镇静剂上昏厥。
You need this. What is wrong with you? 	你需要这枝。你怎么回事？ 
You don't get to choose where I take you down. 	我在哪抓你可不由你定。 
You remember the letters. 	你记得那些信吧。 
For now, this does not matter because total volumes are growing so rapidly.	就目前而言，这无关大碍，因为总成交量正迅速增长。
It's kind of all he had.	差不多他全部家当了。
Only the herd's dead will remain -  	只有倒下的尸体可以供掠食者维持生计 - 
But... Hey, listen. Let's hunt. OK? 	但……嘿，听着，我们去捕猎吧？ 
Special days for the maori are called huis.	毛利人的特殊节日叫做“会”。
Klara will finally be mine. 	卡拉拉终于会是我的。 
You made it. I made it. 	你赶来了。我赶来了。 
I don't care about the money in Utah. 	我不在乎犹他州的钱。 
At home, I said a brief hi to charlie, grabbed a granola bar from the kitchen, and hurried up to my room with the envelope of photographs tucked under my arm.	到家后，我和查理打了一声热乎，从厨房里拿了块格兰诺拉燕麦饼干，便夹着一信封的照片上楼到房间里去了。
But I'm gonna make a bedroom for myself where the nursery was.	但是我打算睡在原来的婴儿房里。
I didn't do this! Get him out of here!	不是我干的！把他带走！
A huge bronze statue commemorating the poet stands in the main square.	为纪念这位诗人而铸的巨大铜像矗立在主广场上。
Nothing you're going to see here today is final.	你们今天看到的决不是结局。
And I wanted to have those three initials behind my name. "	“所以，我想在我的名字后面也能加上MBA这3个字母。”
How do you know this will work?	你怎么知道这个管用呢？
He is not gonna be a witness in a trial, for God's sake. 	他不能在法庭上出庭作证，老天爷。 
Lighter, comfortable, better for your back, good to fuck on.	更轻，舒适，好对于好发生性关系在上的你的背来说。
Hey, it's too cold for you to be 	嘿，外面太冷了 
Might help if you talked about it. 	如果你说出来也许我能帮你。 
And you were like our shadow - 	你就是我们的影子 
The friendly staff at this hotel in Chino are committed to providing the best in customer service and accommodations at an affordable price. 	这家位于奇诺的酒店价格合理，友好的工作人员致力于为客户提供最佳的客户服务和住宿。 
I'm not trying to break him out.	我不是想捣乱。
Then we'd have the money. We could go away.	我们有钱就能远走高飞。
I'm gonna find a hotel. 	我去住酒店。 
All right. Keep it steady. I got it! 	稳住车子。可以了！ 
And kick you out of this house. 	把你们从这儿也踹出去。 
So you packing 'up her room for her? 	你在为她整理房间？ 
Not according to the newspaper. 	报纸不是这么说的。 
Why is the stenographer waiting in the hall?	为什么速记员在大厅里候着？
The wamu infusion has raised hopes that private-equity groups will serve the same role in shoring up regional banks as sovereign-wealth funds have done for the biggest ( though perhaps with better timing).	华互银行的注资使人看到了希望，正如主权财富基金支持银行巨头一样（尽管也许时机更加适宜），私募股权基金也会助地方银行一臂之力。
Of these 22 had various head-and-neck cancers, 24 had lung cancer and 36 were healthy.	其中有22名患有鼻咽癌，24名患有肺癌，36名是健康人。
Hey, what are you saying? Well? Tell me	你在说什么？告诉我
Known as coconut cityhaikou is the capital city of hainan and it contains interesting historic sites like the five officials templexiuying fort barbette and hairui tomb.	作为椰城的海口是海南的省会，它包含了许多像五公祠，秀英炮台，海瑞墓等这样的有趣的历史古迹。
we had to I. D. More than the photo before we could ship him.	在把他运送回家之前我们必须得确认让人当面他的身份。
To have the little prince visit her.	以后要照顾小王子。
He spends most his time	他这几天花了很多时间
That's a problem, without their identities we're getting nowhere.	可问题是，如果得不到他们的身份信息我们就没戏了。
So I don't have to protect you. 	所以我就不必再保护你了。 
Go be wait out, OK? 	出去一下。就一会儿。好吗？ 
That may even push you apart	可是当我们分开了呢
In the trenches once we ate dog meat.	我们曾经在战壕里吃过狗肉。
This approach would shield children from predators.	这些方法可以让孩子们免于遭到网络欺诈。
Meanwhile, chinese manufacturers are paying increasingly higher prices for raw materials as the country's own demand drives global market prices.	与此同时，随着中国自身的需求推高了全球的原材料市场价格，中国制造商正在为原材料支付越来越高的成本。
People who loved him in real life, 	在生活中热爱他的人， 
It was under the mess. They didn't know to look for it. 	它在那堆东西下面。他们没找到。 
To check the "wiper arm attack angle" the adjusting tools must be removed.	若要检查“刮臂迎角”，必须拆下调节工具。
It felt like losing a loved one even though it was just pretend.	尽管只是在演戏但这真的像是失去了一名挚爱。
I mucked in with john till I found a flat of my own.	在我找到公寓前，我和约翰同住一屋。
Be rte sent these to me today and I don't know what to do.	伯特今天拿给我的而我不知道该怎么办。
Grab your lady and bounce. 	带着你的女人出去。 
Stop it, Mr. Jeon. 	别说了，全先生。 
Kramer, hurry up.	克莱默，快点。
The new aspects of advertising have created lots of opportunities for entrepreneurs, computer geeks, and advertising agencies eager to evolve. "	广告业的这些新变化为创业者、计算机怪才和渴望进化的广告公司创造了大量机会。
The dude from the Washington standard said you'd think so. 	华盛顿旗帜报的那家伙说是你的想法。 
We'd have to travel 10,000 light - years to find it.	我们就不得不走上1万光年去寻找它。
What, you got another job interview? 	什么, 你今天又有工作面试？ 
Your numbers are strong, where you can just push past him.	你的支持率高，可以取得胜利。
Sports, performing arts, culture and publication subsector.	体育、演艺、文化及出版界界别分组。
Until the invasion of american academic ideas, most brazilians thought that their country's racial rainbow was among its main assets.	在美国学术思想传入之前，绝大多数的巴西人认为种族多样性是国家财产的一部分。
What's going on? She's such a little slut.	怎么回事？她真是个小贱人。
In case that means having her dead, I gotta get this guy into the light, 	万一他想要厉鬼索命我就必须让他早登彼岸， 
Oh, they don't speak Russian, do they? 	他们不会俄语，是吧？ 
Just stay away from sharp corners.	别靠近尖锐物体。
You just told us how to play it! 	你刚刚告诉我们怎么玩法！ 
I made it onto the team for the new defense department 	我入选了国防部新组建的 
So, how did you meet? I'm sure it was October '86. 	你们两个第一次见面是怎样的？我想应该是十月十六号。 
We watched it burn into an unrecognizable hulk.	我们看着它成为一个无法识别的废船燃烧。
We can kill one right now and improve our odds. 	我们可以先杀了这个提高逃出去的几率。 
Spoil the small culvert of us charming campus girl student portrait.	娇美迷人的校园女生写真小涵。
The time he spent out here meditating was enough to affect his dreams. 	他在这里花的时间足够影响他做梦。 
Water benefits all things, and does not compete with them.	水善利万物而不争。
At colleges of cuisine education, cooking techniques arts as a course gives priority to theory and minor attention to practice, and the teaching content and teaching method are out-of-date, which restrict the cultivation of innovative talents in this field.	我国烹饪院校的烹饪工艺美术课程教学存在重理论轻实践、教学内容和教学方式陈旧的现象，这影响了烹饪技术创新型人才的培养。
We're gonna win the money. - of course you are. 	我们会赢到那笔钱的。- 那笔钱肯定是你们的。 
I swore I wouldn't call her, but I must.	我发誓我不会给她打电话，但我必须。
The iconic, all - American mother created by advertisers and politicians 	就像广告商和政客嘴里的妈妈是代表全国所有的妈妈 
If a country's gold price is believed to be immovable, markets will know better than to speculate against it, because the speculator will always lose.	如果一个国家的黄金价格被相信是固定的，市场力量将比操纵市场更强，因为投机者将总是会输的。
Since thou knows thy country's strength and weakness, 	因为只有你对你的国家了如指掌， 
When they dammed up the river...	当大坝阻断了河流...
Dragged Clinton over, placing him near the pillar - 	把克林顿拉过来，把他放在靠近柱子的地方 - 
Wait. What weapon could be that strong?	等等。什么武器可以如此强大？
So what would you like this time - 	你愿意这个时候- 
No, I don't think they did anything wrong. Who would you throw out? 	我觉得他们都做的很好是你的话，你会淘汰谁？ 
You are paid extraordinarily well.	你拿的钱已经够多的了。
I'm going to buy a mansion just like this 	我要买一栋像这样的豪宅 
He's extremely manipulative, so don't let him persuade you.	别听他的，他这个人很会摆布人。
I know nifty tidbits from yelp and wolfram alpha.	我知道“大众点评”上的花边新闻，我背后还有一个叫Wolfram Alpha的牛叉算法。
Why not? Don't you see? 	为什么不能？你不明白吗？ 
Okay, okay, don't shoot, don't shoot. I'm so sorry.	好的，好的，别开枪。
If only I had my rifle. 	如果我有来福枪。 
Our signal's good. 	我们的信号很好。 
Okay, bacon. Do you like it crispy?	好的,培根脆的吗?
So do your parents still live in charlestown?	你父母还住在查尔斯镇吗？
We could dance under the moonlight 	我们可以在月光下跳舞 
The plane beat an Italian at the Schneider cup, twice. 	意大利队都是败在你这家伙，两次。 
OK, this bridge collapsed 4 years ago, 	嗯，这座桥4年前坍塌， 
He has an unerring talent for writing catchy melodies.	他有一以贯之创作朗朗上口曲调的才能。
And I'm not going to, even on opening night. 	我没喝，甚至是在初演的那个晚上。 
I'll launch the rescue chopper. 	我要派救援机。 
And I think he's cute too. 	我也觉得他很可爱。 
I understand that you reported a gun missing. 	我听说你你曾报案说你的枪丢了。 
I'm going to adjourn this. We'll come back on Wednesday.	暂时休庭。周三再审。
I mean you're all the same	我说你们全都是一样的
They're in no position to demand anything.	他们没有资格要求任何事。
Another?Car. 	又一辆？高底盘车。 
Wait, wait, wait! Officer! Officer! Officer, two other guys	等等，警官还有两个
What? Pigment mutation. 	什么？色素突变。 
Give it a shot. Lay it on me.	在我身上试试。
They cracked the nuts and removed their shells.	他们砸开坚果，剥去硬壳。
We'll let the readers decide if you're a crackpot all on their own. 	我们会让读者来判断你是不是个怪人。 
I mean, for a guy who has never played poker before,	对一个没玩过扑克的人来说，
He just sees things in a totally different way.	他看问题的视角完全不同
To be considered promiscuous... Textbook promiscuous?	会被认为是性滥交… 按教科书上的定义？
Here we expand our consciousness, synthesize meaning from facts and experience, adjust personal attitudes to collective ideas, and understand how things are integrated into systems.	在这里我们扩展觉知，把事实与经验的意义综合起来，调整对集体观念的个人态度，还有理解事物是如何统合成系统的。
Muybridge is best known for his method of using multiple cameras to record motion and he also invented a device called a zoopraxiscope which was a forerunner of the modern motion picture projector.	布里奇最出名的是他用多台摄像机记录运动的方法，他还发明了一种装置，称为动物实验镜，这是一个现代电影放映机的前身。
Besides, we're supposed to talk about my plans, you know 	另外，我们要谈我的计划，你知道 
What is it, the French revolution?	关于什么来着，法国革命？
You guys are gonna do this a lot, so just pay attention. 	你们要经常做，所以注意力集中。 
And I need to be fully able, both physically and mentally, 	我需要从生理，和心理上， 
You're living here provisionally.	你只是暂时住这儿。
And soon they will be... Hunting us down. 	所以说，他们很快就会...把我们抓回去的。 
It shows that the low-density polythenen has better improved effects.	低密度聚乙烯具有较好的改性效果。
Hollywood fashions in the way of clothing are servilely imitated by the japanese.	日本人盲目地模仿着好莱坞的服装流行式样。
But I don't want to see him hung out to dry either. 	我也不希望看见他在外面被晒干。 
Hey, everybody. I've got some awesome news. 	兄弟们。我带来一些另震撼人心的消息。 
The trial took eight days in the sweltering tennessee summer.	这次审判在田纳西酷热的夏季进行八天。
She used to live up there.	她以前一直住在楼上。
don't burn your tongue. - all right, honey. 	别烫到舌头。- 好的，亲爱的。 
You were hiding flared nostrils.	你在遮掩张开的鼻孔。
As solid as it is beautiful.	既坚固有美丽。
I'm sensing a little confusion about our situation here,	关于我们的现状我感到有些困惑，
It was used to control the victims. 	嫌犯在囚禁被害人期间。 
A mundane task that - that's suddenly a joy	一件平凡的事情突如其来的快乐
Your sources in the homicide Bureau . 	你在重案组的朋友。 
I'm sure mom would be intrigued. 	我觉得妈妈会比较喜欢。 
L love only you why don't you trust me? 	我只爱你一个为什么你就不相信我呢？ 
Shall we go to my office and prepare the invoice? 	我们到我的办公室准备发货单好吗？ 
Well, I've enjoyed working with you as well. 	嗯，我和你一起工作也很愉快。 
Work in intelligence long enough, 	从事谍报工作久了， 
Did he have any enemies?	他有什么仇人吗？
I don't normally do that. I - I was really drunk.	我平常不是这个样子的。当时醉得太厉害了。
BEST WESTERN Parkway Hotel 	贝斯特韦斯特帕克威酒店 
She believes she's discovered the earliest organized number system.	她认为她找到了最早的可识别的数字系统。
By expanding our design capabilities in asia, we provide a highly integrated solution for major industry segments.	随着我们在亚太地区研发能力的日益加强，研发中心已能为许多工业部门提供高效的整体解决方案。
About going out with your friends, telephone time, homework.	总是为些你出去和朋友玩，啊电话啊，作业啊这些事情争执。
In the year 1865, the Edo era. 	在1865年，江户时代。 
I guess I thought that the dream space should be all about the visual but it's more about the feel of it.	我本以为梦境空间仅仅是可视的，但其实更注重感觉。
Falling behind now isn't the way to start out a school year, 	新学期一开学就拉了这么多课可不好， 
I've done all that I can.	我做了我能做的了。
Did you have to bring her? 	你必须带她来吗？ 
If you succeeded, they'd never know. And if it fails, I would have injured others. 	如果你成功，他们绝不会知道。并且如果失败，我就会伤害其它人。 
There is a pressing need to modernise our electoral system.	我们的选举制度迫切需要现代化。
So it's TB, 	所以是肺结核， 
Is there any possible way I could avoid a kicking?	有什么办法你们可以不用踢我吗？
When you're skiing in America, 	在美国滑雪， 
Well, l couldn't just answer that, sir.	呃，我不知该怎么回答，长官。
I get $70,000 an episode. 	我每集赚7万。 
All chinese companies are supposed to register with the moc and obtain government approval to invest overseas.	所有来自中国人的公司都应需在商务部登记，之后获得政府准许来进行海外投资。
Play something we can grope to.	弹些我们能跳舞的曲子。
The stories yet to come, they're the best.	在即将开始的故事中，他们是最棒的。
I have dispatched 1 00 soldiers to Lanark. 	我派了100名士兵去了勒纳克。 
Yeah. On the top right here. 	是的。写在这上面。 
Or am I being obtuse? 	我是呆瓜吗？ 
Yes, and I feel awful.	对，真过意不去。
My master congratulates you on your recent triumph.	我的主人对你最近的胜利表示祝贺。
In her case... Yes? 	她的状况... 是？ 
Dormant in a sealed - off portion 	中部颞叶封闭部分的 
Like most guys want? I'm not most guys. 	像大多数男人所希望的？我不是大多数男人。 
I know that things have been kind of up and down for me lately -  	我知道我最近不大稳定 - 
It is your lucky night, sir. You are free to go. 	今晚你真走运，先生。你可以滚了。 
Salute to the commander!	向指挥官敬礼！
Mr clifford said today's most powerful mobile phones, such as nokia's n96 and nttdocomo's 905 series have the same power as a laptop from 2000.	clifford认为，当今许多强大的移动手机，如nokia的n96，nttdocomo的905系列使用的电源与2000年的笔记本电脑电源相同。
Congress must raise the$ 14.3 trillion borrowing limit by august 2 so the government can meet its financial obligations.	国会必须在八月二号之前提交14.3万亿的贷款限制,这样政府才能不致于陷入债务危机.
What he doesn't know is, you can't con a con.	但他却不知道，永远不要骗另一个骗子。
Leave me alone. I didn't mean for this all to happen. 	别惹我。我不是说着发生的一切。 
Let's see if it adds up.	我们找找是不是有共同点。
My wife give it to me in Atlantic city. 	我太太在大西洋城给我的。 
He has also traced the family lineage	他还追踪了岛上每个家族的谱系
Yeah. I got mine too.	对啊。我也有。
Am I allowed to say congratulations? You won. 	我可以说恭喜你吗？你赢了。 
You don't have to feel guilty. 	且不会感到愧疚。 
Can't just sell the necklace. Make him prove it's his.	你不能只卖项链要让他承认。
You know what I learnt when I went big man jail, blood? Fuck all.	你知道我在监狱里学到什么？一堆垃圾。
Of course it's a lie. Of course it's a lie.	当然是在说谎。当然是在说谎。
Mom, just tone it down a notch. 	妈小点声。 
Ice cream? Really? 	冰欺凌？你来真的？ 
She's tired from her journey. - at once, your grace.	她一路旅途劳顿。-遵命，陛下。
To deny responsibility in this matter.	否认这件事跟他们有关。
They call mother green and her killing machine.	会找海军陆战队还有这些杀人机器。
Yeah, listen, we screwed up big time.	对，听着，我们把大事搞砸了。
Jeez, enough already. Don't you have a business to run? 	够了。你不是还要做生意吗？ 
Dashan: we didn't have a formal class together.	大山：我们并没有上过什么正式的课。
Okay, so you put up the 10, we split anything I win fifty - fifty. 	好，你资助我比赛，赢了五五对分。 
We're about to up our 15 MRAS to 45. 	我们准备把搜索半径从15英里提高到45英里。 
Design specification for gate hoists in hydropower and water resources projects.	水电水利工程启闭机设计规范。
It's gonna be like a nine inch nails concert that goes on forever.	像一场永不结束的九寸钉乐队演唱会。
don't worry. I'll be there the whole time if you need me. 	别担心。我随时准备为你效劳。 
Is really just another shade of green?	事实上是绿色的另一种？
Ah, if you remember anything else, don't hesitate to call.	啊，假如你记得别的事请不吝来电。
You think that's funny, huh? I'm gonna break your nose now. 	你觉得好笑，恩？我现在就打断你的鼻子。 
The dance portions of your floor 	你们自由体操里的舞蹈动作 
Why am I causing trouble for them? 	为什么我给他们带了麻烦？ 
One pass Veteran Memorial per adult 	每位成人一张合格老兵纪念馆入场券 
Stop. She's right behind you. 	别说了。她就在你后面。 
And every time there's a new patient with one of the cancers	每次有新的癌症病人
I do have a problem. 	我确实不满。 
Her face is quite pleasing -	她的容貌很赏心悦目-
Who wants to get some learning today? This way. Move. 	今天谁想去学点东西呢？这边快走。 
Okay. Well, uh, you've been very helpful.	好吧。您对我们帮助太大了。
I can bring that to you. Now how's that? 	我可以给你这个。怎么样？ 
You took the package.	你拿走了那包裹。
Because this is about to get gnarly.	因为接下来很曲折。
I'm sorry. don't be sorry.	对不起。别对不起。
Yeah. - I so don't want this cupcake. Look. 	是的。- 我一点都不想吃看着。 
Is that where she is right now?	她现在在那里吗？
But I always try and mask my pain in front of beautiful women 	但在美女面前我不能露怂 
This one guy I know - total Dick - I used it on him.	我认识一个家伙整个一混球我就用这个对付他。
It's a dollhouse. 	是个娃娃屋。 
He seems to be suffering from... 	他得了... 
It's a pleasure to meet you, sir. You, too. 	很高兴认识你，先生。我也是。 
I'm meeting with a former associate of mine. He might be of some help. 	我和以前的合作伙伴见了面。他也许可以帮忙。 
George, is Paula Reisner a red? 	乔治宝拉•瑞斯勒是共产党吗？ 
Maybe she felt like too much damage had been done	可能她意识到做错了太多的事
Willing to submit without resistance to authority; deferent.	愿意屈服的，不对权威反抗的；服从的。
I'll say it today before it's too late.	在没晚之前我想把话都说了。
Then he shall answer, those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends.	他必回答说，这是我在亲友家中所受的伤。
I need her location.	告诉我她在哪儿。
Angels and ministers of grace defend us 	仁慈的天使保佑我们 
Behind him on his saddle is his guitar, which he plays at night beside a lonely camp fire, he can rope a cow from ten meters, ride a wild steer and jump from the top of a building onto a waiting horse.	他身后的马鞍上绑着那常常在孤独的野外篝火旁弹起的吉他。他能用绳套住十米外的一头牛，善于驾御狂暴的野公牛，能从楼顶纵身跳到一匹正在等他的马的身上。
The more interesting question--and one of perhaps shakespearean proportions--is what kind of guy writes a self-published book calledpleased but not satisfied that names integrity as one of his six business commandments, but then displays what is inarguably bad judgment and ends up embroiled in a scandal?	更有意思的问题，或更具戏剧色彩的是，这个曾自费出版书籍《高兴但不满意》(Pleased But Not Satisfied)，将诚信列为自己职业六诫之一的人，行为上却显然缺乏正确的判断力，并最终卷入丑闻。
He arguedhis case most persuasively.	他的庭辩十分有说服力。
Captain Harris?	哈里斯上尉？
You go out of town, now, quick! 	离开镇子，现在，马上就离开！ 
Look, you gotta help me. The trick to making any great film...	看。你一定要帮帮我。制作一部好电影的诀窍是…
Uh, ma 'am. Ma' am. Can you think of any reason 	夫人，夫人，你能想到什么人 
I will not taint thy purple with my dust.	我满身的尘土玷污了你的紫袍。
Not somebody that he needed to feel dominance over.	不是他寻求支配欲的某个对象。
He's absolutely right, Linda.	他说的一点不错，琳达。
Or what name she's using.	或者她曾用过什么名字。
Because its eyes wrap all the way around. 	因为它的眼睛一直绕道后面。 
Even to his wife, who demanded two - thirds of his submarine patents...	哪怕对他老婆都很好，她索要他2/3的潜艇专利...
Yeah. Well, I figure I owe you an explanation - ah, not to me. 	是的，对的，我想我欠你一个解释- 噢，不是我。 
I'll take you. Flat rate. Off the meter.	我带你去。统一费用。不打表。
Why not just go tomorrow?	明天再走吧？
Kicking me out? 	把我踢出门外？ 
With just another filthy memory. 	不过是又多了一个肮脏的回忆而已。 
I needed to do them one better. 	我就决定要造一个更好的。 
Elizabeth, do you know what you want?	伊丽莎白，你还好吧？
Was genuine or an echo? 	是亲身经历还是随声附和？ 
When you talked earlier about after a few years...	当你后来谈起几年后...
Darkness crept back into the forests of the world.	幽林中的黑影悄悄地笼罩大地。
Why'd you let me take all the credit? 	为什么把荣誉都给了我？ 
Woodmac also expects the australian dollar to depreciate a little bit and drop below parity with the greenback within four years.	woodmac还预计澳元将会轻度贬值，在四年之内下降到兑美元跌破平价水平。
Rene only promised to have a sip.	梦梦说喝一口，是他硬来。
I've iced and decorated the cake.	我在蛋糕上挂了糖衣，还做了花样装饰。
Yeah. I could've done that with my Dick. 	是么。我用鸡巴就能开锁。 
I thought I recognized you. For a guy without a uniform, you helped a lot of people. 	我就说我记得你没穿警服你救了很多人。 
Who was he online with? 	他上网跟谁在一起？ 
Brazil is buying 1.2 billion condoms this year for its program, making it the world's biggest government buyer of prophylactics.	巴西为了这个运动今年购买了12亿避孕套，使其成为世界上最大的采购避孕品的政府。
Uh, actually Sidhu, sir..	呢，事实上希图，先生…，
Well, she just strolled into our office	呃，她刚刚自己走进了办公室
Oh, come on. That's the whole point, innit? One - night stand. No strings. 	噢，拜托。关键就在这，不是吗？一夜情。没有拘束。 
And we've been trying to find a vantage point that was relevant to her life, 	我们一直在根据她的生活经历来寻找正确的地方， 
But I really will miss your snoring. 	不过，我会想念你的呼噜的。 
But the issues plaguing companies like sony, sharp and panasonic are more fundamental.	但索尼、夏普和松下等公司存在的问题更为根本。
Nothing makes it go away sometimes. Not water, not cough medicine, anything. 	有时候什么也没有。没有水，没有咳嗽药，什么都没有。 
No, seriously, you can. I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia.	我说真的，我有瞬间自发性心律失常
Hey, I know these guys. 	嘿，我认识一些人。 
We should check that out strai... Immediately. 	我们应该立刻... 检查一下。 
Other names to conjure with include governor tim pawlenty of minnesota and mississippi's mr barbour.	其它一些重量级名字包括明尼苏达州州长提姆波兰迪和密西西比州的巴伯先生。
In terms of airborne divisions involved.	以空降师的参与程度来说。
And then it's not anymore. And I need to do it again. 	但后来又不美好了我就再去购物。 
A mill-race is the stream of water driving a water-mill.	磨坊急流是指能推动水车的一种水流。
can't you do something? Yeah, I think so. Just a minute.	你能做点什么吗？可以，等下。
I realize this is not the most opportune moment, 	我也知道时机欠佳， 
What if I don't pass these 18 levels?	如果我没通过前面那18层地狱呢？
He was in a boy band. 	他曾是搞乐队的。 
Now enough of the pity party. 	别再自怨自艾了。 
Once you get a bad name.	一旦你有一个不好的名声。
Right. So then why don't I apprentice something besides driving then, John? 	好吧。那我什么时候才能学开车以外的东西呢，约翰？ 
Down at street level, the city center feels like a construction site: dusty, obstructed, and deafeningly loud.	回到街面上，市中心感觉就像建筑工地：灰尘弥漫、道路阻塞、震耳欲聋。
Although, we are friends. 	好，尽管我们是朋友。 
Different nations are being compensated in different ways.	各国以多样的形式获得补偿。
He too has met a tirade of abuse.	他也遭到了长篇累牍的谩骂攻击。
Looks like they're all dead. 	像是都死了。 
I just wish that you liked who you are.	我只是希望你也能喜欢这样的自己。
There's too much blood in the field. I can't see a thing. 	失血太多了。我什么都看不清。 
Not if you smoke a little, brother. 	少抽点就不会了，兄弟。 
Were all the other victims posed like this, with their arms crossed? 	所有的受害人都是这个姿势吗，双手交叉胸前？ 
Am I to pity her position? 	我要对她的处境表示怜悯吗？ 
Or lose your heart or your chaste treasure open	一往情深甚至开放你宝贵的童贞
This way, you will not have to retype your information every time you make a payment for express check out. 	这样在您每次实施快捷退房付款时，您将无需每次重复打印您的信息。 
And because it lasts a long time and is evenly mixed around the planet, action on emissions in, say, america and china is directly comparable. This leads to the sort of burden-sharing negotiations that easily get deadlocked.	美国和中国对二氧化碳排放量基本上是占大头的，但二氧化碳在空气中停留时间很长，并且在全球均匀分布，由此产生的责任分担问题很容易使谈判陷入僵局。
You've changed a lot, and have no self-pride now. 	你变了，一点自尊都没有。 
Son... I've got a job for you. 	儿子... 我有件事要你去办。 
The system of church government headed by the pope.	教皇制度以教皇为最高首脑的教会制度。
The glare is killing me.	我真是飘飘欲仙啊
There's been no sight nor sound of a bird for two days.	已经两天没看到也没听到一只鸟了
God would never stand in the way of such a beautiful young woman. 	上帝，从不会和年轻漂亮的女人过不去的。 
Okay, don't preach to him. Just be normal, okay?	无需向他宣扬什么平常态度就好？
It also means he's less likely to reject donated tissue.	同时也就意味着它对植入组织的排异较小
I can't believe how different you sound when you sing.	我不相信当你唱歌的时候有什么不同
Yes, I've sang at church, and one lady came up, 	是的，我在教堂唱过，然后有位女士过来， 
But we have now gone 48 hours without breaking up, 	但我们已经和平相处48小时了， 
put that one back. Those are my ruffles.	把它放回去。那是我的薯片
Where in the world of competition sports 	在这个竞技体育世界里 
Is it not also standard procedure that the detectives...	它不也标准程序嘛侦探…
A fan of military metaphors, he calls the current challenge the greatest the country has faced since pearl harbour.	作为一个喜欢用军事比喻的人，他说现在这个国家所面临的挑战是自珍珠港事件以来最大的。
All right. Take it from the top. 	好。从上面拍。 
Listen.. How much you need to go abroad?	听着... 你出国要多少钱？
You had a check bounce at the bodega.	你的支票被拒付了。
Well, you do that and you'll never see him again.	好吧，这样的话你永远也见不到他了。
If I can spare at least one person 	如果我能让哪怕一个人了解到 
Next to Mall GaleriaS 	与加莱里亚斯购物商场相邻。 
Given the lack of scientific evidence for its harmful effects, opponents point the finger at the arrogance of scientists who think they can tamper with nature's plan.	因为目前没有转基因食品造成危害的科学证据，反对者们就把矛头对准了科学家们，指责他们高傲自大，试图改变自然的安排。
Isn't that a bullet hole?	像不像弹孔？
Oh, really? Get off you about? that's right. 	噢，真的吗？让你安静会是。 
In order to avoid exactly the sort of chaos we have across the street.	以免出现类似街对面的混乱状况。
I think she's playing with us.	我觉得她在戏弄我们。
Yes. Let me ask you something. 	是的。我来问你。 
We're having a bit of a custody dispute.	我们在犯人拘留上有问题。
Yeah. To save a life? Yeah, I was trying to save 	是的。我是为了救人？我是为了拯救朋友的事业 
Okay, well, she is, so you two are just	好吧，她准备好了你们两个
I am a sumo wrestier! 	我是相扑选手！ 
I was just gonna grab a coffee. Anyone? 	我刚想来杯咖啡。有人要吗？ 
Which? The - your husband? Your ex-husband?	哪个？你丈夫？你前夫？
Susan will probably win britain's got talent...... but susan boyle will be the freakish exception that makes the rule.	苏珊很可能赢得《英国达人》的冠军，但是她将是开辟这个规则的一个罕见的例外。
39 degrees Fahrenheit. 	华氏39度。 
I can't suck lozenges for the rest of life, and you can't wear adult diapers. 	我不能老吃镇定剂过完我的余生你也不能穿成人尿布。 
Your herbaceous borders and roses, lupins and hollyhocks...	你的绿草带和玫瑰花，羽扇豆和蜀葵...
She said,'somewhere I've never been before. 	她说要到一个她从来没去过的地方。 
Track to be Kirsch Architrac, Silent Gliss 3300 Series, Swish Deluxe hand drawn track or equal. 	轨道是Kirsch Architrac公司、格宁斯3300系列、Swish Deluxe的手工绘制轨道或同等品。 
Mr. President, my country's in crisis, and here is the proof.	总理先生，我的国家正面临一场危机，这是证明。
Let it go. Let it go, buddy.	算了啦，老哥。
I told you, I'm just the cook!	我说了，我只是个厨师！
That of all the doctors in the world, the one that Walker chooses 	世界上有那么多医生而行者就是挑上了 
I go to bed, I make sure the lights are off, lock the doors. 	上床前，我确定将灯熄灭锁上门。 
Look, Kate, one day you're gonna be where I am...	听着，凯特，有一天你可能会坐在我的位置上...
It discusses the theory of the existent resource discovery mechanisms and their differences, and analyzes their respective advantages and disadvantages.	阐述目前典型的网格资源发现机制的原理及它们之间的差异，并分析了其优缺点。
I know a lot of women 	依我看来很多女人 
I mean, you know, I still have to do the weather, 	我是说，我还是得播天气， 
It's very effective, Tony. 	很有效，东尼。 
Interesting, huh? 	很有趣，是吗？ 
Even the most dynamic, highest-earning entrepreneurs in the industry took months to begin seeing an income of any real significance.	即使最有活力、最高收入行业的企业家,开始出现了一个个入任何实质意义.
She's in - no, it's fine. 	她在- 没关系。 
The only rule was to do your best to help the patient.	唯一的规矩就是努力治病
Not only did he keep it in his mind, but sent a letter to the authority.	他不仅把这事记在脑海里，还给当局写了封信。
I didn't know you'd come to the bathroom.	我不知道你会去浴室。
Ranitidine is excreted into breast milk.	雷尼替丁是分泌到乳汁中。
I know. He started it in fall semester. 	我知道。他从秋季学期就开始写了。 
Yeah. I'm glad she's all right, too.	对。我也很高兴她没事。
AII right, then. Well, you're up early, so I'm off.	好吧，嗯，你要早起，那我先走了。
What would you do if a patient 	如果病人不听取你的建议 
You're like that person on the Titanic who won't leave their room 	你就像泰坦尼克号上那些留在房间里的人 
Look, I just don't want my dad to fall into his old patterns again. 	我不想让我爸爸又走老路。 
I had issues too. Watching the previous three world cups while I grew up had only involved negotiating a later bed-time with mum and dad in 1986 ( difficult but possible), wrestling the tv remote off my sister in 1990 ( harder) or ignoring impending exams in 1994 ( all too easy).	看着过往的三届世界杯长大，我的问题只是在1986年和爸妈商量推迟睡觉时间（很艰难不过奏效了），1990年和我妹妹争夺电视控制权（难上加难）以及在1994年无视临考状况（这可太简单了）。
So, the class all pitched in to cheer her up	所以，全班同学都在想办法替她打气
Stop provoking me. 	去睡觉了，好累啊 
We have room for but one sole loyalty 	在美国只有一种忠诚 
Dream killer! 	扼杀梦想者！ 
He's connected to the earth in a way I still don't understand. 	他以一种我还理解不了的方式与土地相连接。 
He stands up gruffly and leaves without a word.	他粗声粗气地站起来，没有留下一个字。
Okay. The Metro pole. 	好啊。连网。 
But as a fellow "idol" watcher, she does not mind the misdials.	但作为“美国偶像”的一名忠实观众，她对此并不介意。
We give our thanks and ask to bless our mother's golden chicken breast. 	感谢圣母赐给我们如此美好的食物。 
Please -  Please, Tim, come on. 	拜托，拜托，蒂姆，别这样。 
Well, in my prime,	我年轻时，
I won't sign anything!	我可不会签！
Well, I reckon I've sung at you enough for one morning, so... 	嗯，我想我早上对着你唱得已经够多了，所以…… 
No, I will never shut the doors of my senses. The delights of sight and hearing and touch will bear thy delight.	不，我永不会关上我感觉的门户。视、听、触的快乐会含带着你的快乐。
Why not? Mother, she's your rival. 	为什么不呢妈妈她是你的竞争对手。 
Not interfere in any way, because he stands to gain so much.	总之别来干涉我，反正按照合约他会赚很多。
There is obviously 	你们之间肯定有很多积怨和误解 
Well, if he forgot once, maybe he could forget again. 	嗯，如果他忘记过一次，也许他可以再次忘记。 
L mightget into a competition 	我也许会参加比赛。 
So I thought it might enlighten you on the whole miracle - gro of it all. 	所以我想它能帮你理解你的再生奇迹 
Yeah, it's the... This?	对，就是... 对吧？
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.	沉默是轻蔑的最充份表现.
Hundreds of years of banking history attest to the instability of this "maturity transformation".	数百年的银行业历史证明了这种“期限转换”的不稳定性。
I ran into internal affairs in the elevator. 	我在电梯里碰见了内务部的人。 
If MPs' pensions were index - linked, 	如果议员的退休金也物价指数化， 
I called one of his former clerks. 	我给他的一个前办事员打了电话。 
So  So basically, you have a date. 	说你有约会了。 
I said, "why did you send me a text message?”	我说，“你为什么发短信给我？”
Isn't just our ability to eat extreme foods. 	我们的味觉并非止于挑战极限。 
What did I call you? 	我刚才称你什么了？ 
I did not threaten her. Now I'm a victim here. 	我没恐吓她。我才是牺牲品。 
You know, one of the most prevalent theories about Jack the Ripper	关于开膛手杰克最广为流传的说法就是
It's that apparently seductive darkness that fascinates people.	正是这种显著诱人的黑暗面吸引了众人。
Most cosmologists consider this radiation to be the best evidence for the big bang.	大多数宇宙学家都认为这种辐射是宇宙大爆炸的最有力证据。
Okay, yes. Whatever!	好吧，好吧。通过管它呢！
I'm sorry that I was such an idiot to think that maybe you weren't just sleeping with me to keep your job.	竟然笨到以为也许你跟我睡觉不是为了保住饭碗。
When it comes to dealing with anything japan-related, public opinion counts in china.	在中国，一旦涉及到日本问题，公众舆论起着决定性的作用。
No, I give it right back. 	不，马上把它还回去。 
I thought he was very attractive and obviously very intelligent.	我觉得他魅力非凡，才智过人。
The two go together, my boy.	精神上和实际上都要洁净，我的孩子。
I'm grabbing your luggage. We're going to the airport. 	我把你的行李打包了。我们这就去机场 
And in both cases, I ticked "25 to 39. 	我两项都勾选了“25岁至39岁。 
Hello, Stuart. Maurice. 	斯图亚特莫里斯。 
Both of you stay here.	你们两个待在这里。
If you get mad, show it! If you're happy, laugh! 	如果悲伤，就哭出来！如果感到快乐，就笑吧！ 
He can use this ability to glide 	它能够凭借滑翔的技能 
I used to wear a gun here	公章就是王法怎的了
They really are brothers.	他们是亲兄弟。
I'll feed her.	我来喂她。
The things you said to me... 	你对我说的那些... 
All right, stand by. We're coming to you. 	好，原地待命。我们就来。 
Well, you can't hear the theme music? 	你没听到那主题曲吗警棍来了？ 
She even managed to get past door guards in order to interview staff of the local bureau of quality and technical supervision in huangshan city, anhui province.	为了能够采访到安徽省黄山市质量技术监督局的工作人员，她甚至还千方百计地应付后门保安。
Mommy says I can have three chapters.	妈妈说可以念3章给我听。
I don't know. Maybe if I hadn't said anything.	我不知道。如果我什么都没说。
He's threatened to release the virus into the population unless we deliver you by 7am.	他说7点之前没见到你尸体，就释放病毒。
Or next year's models are gonna slip in there and steal all... 	新的模特们会在出现抢走所有风头... 
And then in the middle of the battle - 	在收拾的时候 - 
She's gonna have to bump up against the real world at some point. 	她必须见识到真正的世界。 
Kenyan president mwai kibaki has discussed the formation of the country's abinet with raila odinga, the opposition leader expected to take up the post of prime minister in a coalition government, but the two have not reached agreement.	肯尼亚总统齐贝吉与反对党领导人奥廷加商讨组建内阁事宜，奥廷加预期将担任联合政府的总理，但是两人还没有达成一致意见。
You find out a lot of things you didn't know about them. 	你就会发现好多之前不知道的事。 
So I'm flying out tomorrow.	我改成明天飞。
I say we make this simple. 	我们简单一点。 
I was sympathetic, ma 'am. 	我本来很同情女士 
You gotta think about this. Just take the time to think about this. 	你要想想。花时间好好想想。 
Oh. Well, let me run it down for you. 	哦。好吧，让我说给你听听吧。 
You mean the rich guy from the marina? 	你说从码头来的那有钱人？ 
Thank you. Hannah? Please? 	多谢。汉娜？拜托了？ 
Stay out of my stuff! 	别碰我的东西！ 
If she wasn't, you need to clear that up once and for all. 	如果真的和她没有关系，你需要一次性澄清这件事。 
I'm not the kind of girl 	我不是那种女孩
A different guest chef will be flown in every Monday.	每周一将特邀顶级大厨。
Whatever. Just put 'em back.	别管了。放回去就是了。
Otherwise, india's shining moment may dim into a dull glow.	否则，印度的光辉时刻可能会变得黯然无光。
She said she needed a whole case of them. 	她说她要整箱海绵。 
Even on the day of the successful bid in 2005, some commentators were carping about the cost of the games and the likelihood of disruption and transport problems.	在2005年赢得举办权当天，一些评论家就开始抱怨奥运花费巨大以及随之而来的翻建工程与交通问题。
Bounced up through his mouth.	直接反弹进入他嘴巴里。
Give me about a minute head start.	我先去开个场
Article 9 an educational institution which applies for establishing a chinese-foreign cooperatively-run school shall have the legal person status.	第九条申请设立中外合作办学机构的教育机构应当具有法人资格。
Study on three red light districts in southwest china.	西南中国三个红灯区探索。
A loyal and loving kiss - ass. 	忠诚又疼我的狗。 
Preliminary studies on complex pollution caused by ambient allergenic pollens and urban particulate matters in shanghai.	上海大气中花粉与颗粒物的复合污染特征。
She propelled herself to both the iowa writers 'workshop and yaddo, the artists' colony in saratoga springs, n.y., at times when life at both places was eventful, but she managed to steer clear of trouble.	奥康纳激励自己加入爱荷华作家工作室和位于纽约萨拉托加矿泉湖（saratoga springs）的亚多（yaddo）艺术家社区，有时两头的生活都很波折坎坷，但她总能摆脱麻烦。
We need your particular expertise.	我们需要你的专长。
Look, younger women go out with older men, 	年轻女郎可以找老男人， 
Bring me to his body! I want to see it, Rameses! I want to see it! 	带他的尸首给我吧！兰塞！我很想看到！ 
He aims real careful 	他小心的瞄准 
Gentlemen, next please. 	先生们，下一个。 
I'm so ecstatic to have been asked back for the wild card round,	我很开心能被邀请回来参加外卡赛，
Displaying monochromatic upholstery and a design inspired by natural leaves, the chair offers a stylized interpretation of nature's beauty.	通过展现由大自然的树叶为原型的单色装饰品设计，这种椅子提供了一种对自然之美的非写实性诠释方法。
He may take this one all the way! 	他也许能一直冲到底！ 
But the liver transplant would've caused his heart to fail. 	但换肝会导致心衰。 
The wider world and its provided another context for the scottish enlightenment.	更广阔的世界及其文坛为苏格兰启蒙运动提供了另一个背景。
With the rest of the men. 	与真男人决一雌雄。 
But they have to win a bidding war to do so.	但是要做到这一点他们首先要在竞价战中获胜。
It's a small price to pay to make Iran	为伊朗提供核能这个价钱很少了
You can go anywhere in bad weather... 	天气糟糕的时候打把伞... 
Oh, okay, am I supposed to trust you now? 	唔，好吧，我现在是不是还得相信你？ 
Good, well, procedure away, my friend.	好啊，规范点好，我的朋友。
And simply turn around and shoot the guy behind him.	简单转身向身后的家伙开火。
I see it all over your face. 	从你脸上就看出来了。 
For the orange, the south, especially in guangdong, hainan area during chinese new year, people is to home the top orange, is known as the "for orange", because "orange" and "ji" homophonic.	供橘,南方,尤其是广东海南一带,过年的时候,人们是要家里摆上橘子,谓之“供橘”,因为“橘”与“吉”谐音。
I know that should be enough for me, 	我知道我不应该不知足， 
Name's Chaplin... 	我叫卓别林… 
He had a pendant. 	他有一个挂饰。 
And I won't plan on carrying this on any further. 	我就不会继续写了。 
If I wanted a tactics seminar, I'd go back through the Academy. 	如果我需要开战术研讨会，那我就回警校去了。 
Promise me you'll go through with this.	答应我，你一定要把它完成到最后。
The children watched with rapt attention.	孩子们聚精会神地看着。
I got in the car, first. 	我是第一个进车的。 
Is that why you sought out a place 	所以你才选择在那样的地方 
It should be an extension of you	你应该展现更多
Joe, come back!	乔，回来！
You picked it?	你挑的这个？
Mr. cuomo's office said that he was investigating individuals at several firms that sold auction-rate securities but did not say if merrill was one of them.	检查官cuomo先生的办公室表示他本人正在调查出售标售利率证券的几家公司的相关人员，但并未透露美林是否在调查范围之内。
Reputedly, his debts are more than a ten billion	据说他负债高达百亿
Put us in a prison, but let us be together.	把我们关在监狱里，让我们在一起。
don't worry, pini, it's all rusty. Looks ancient. 	别担心，皮尼，它全生锈了。像个古董。 
But Franco does.	可是弗朗哥懂。
All right. I'll call you when I get back to the office,	好吧。我回办公室后打给你，
If not, I have no other choice	否则，我就没有别的选择，
No. It was a pound of hash. 	不，那次不过是一堆垃圾。 
I've tried arguing against it, but no one's listening. 	我努力争辩，却没人听我一言半语。 
Also finished in 2009 in hangzhou, was the exhibition hall of the imperial street of southern song dynasty.	2009年在杭州还完成了在南宋御街展览馆。
Do you still fuck him? 	你还和他做爱吗？ 
Cable satellite television 40-inch flat screen televisions 	有线卫星电视，40 英寸平板电视 
The most well-known disease of the muscle occurring genetically is muscular dystrophy, or muscle-wasting disease.	最有名的肌肉疾病是肌肉萎缩症的基因发生或肌肉疾病的浪费.
Our hollow memory of prom night. 	你我空洞的舞会夜晚。 
What do you think you're doing, kiddo?	你觉得你在做什么，老兄？
Her dying ain't on me!	她的死跟我无关！
Well, come on. You don't talk locker 	别在意。这好比队员在教练面前绝不会谈更衣室里的八卦。 
I'm -  Immortal -  	我能 -  永 -  生 -  
Please take a look with her. 	想要麻烦你检查一下。 
I've told you education is something of a consideration but not the most important factor. I believe each coin has two sides. For instance, while education civilizes us it pollutes us with selfishness, hypocrisy, snobbery; it also makes us calculating and impassive.	我说过教育在一定程度上可以考虑，但不是最重要的。我坚持认为每一件事情都有它的两面性，比如，教育在开化人们的同时也用自私、虚伪、势利污染了我们，还让我们精于算计，冷漠茫然。
You looked at me, didn't you?	你直视了我的眼睛，对吗？
Dispatch to 22. We have a stray on saint Andrews and sixth.	派人去22号。在圣安德鲁斯第六街道有条流浪狗。
I `m fucking busy, lately the police of the conducts raids 	我他妈的忙呀，最近经常有人来扫荡 
Japan may not be as successful as other asian interventionists, however.	不过日本的干预可能不像其它亚洲国家那么成功。
I have 100 yuan or so.	我大约有100元钱。
As a 'born-again' cyclist I had decided that this season I would ride in a few races.	作为一个刚刚迷恋上自行车赛的自行车手，我决定参加这个赛季的几场比赛。
She said yes! That's great.	她答应了！好极了。
We're taught to spend our entire lives cowering in self-denial.	我们被教导要在自我否定中颤抖着过完一生。
But we all know that the coil is a key component in the rambaldi design.	据我们所知这个线圈是兰巴迪设计的主要组件。
Just one, and I put it up there.	就这一张而已，是我把它挂这的。
Not of my choosing, brother.	我并不想，哥哥。
I'll be unrecognizable in 2 months. 	两个月后你就认不出我了。 
Well, what are you looking at? Go get him!	怎格说，你看到哪样？抓他去！
A surprise tightening move by china gave renewed impetus to the broad-based commodities sell-off, draining risk appetite from markets and sending equities lower, although losses were pared in late trading.	中国出人意料的收紧举措为大宗商品的大范围抛售提供了新的刺激因素，导致市场风险偏好下降、股价下跌尽管市场在接近收盘时收复了失地。
First I must make a pilgrimage to Kings bridge 	我先出发去王桥朝圣 
Okay team, let's take the next exit and look back. 	好了，队员们，我们从下一个出口出去，然后回头找。 
Same M.O.  it happened three different times,	总共有三起同样的。作案手法，
Fine. I'll send it. Just unlock my system. 	好。我把数据给你。你给我的系统解锁。 
Ryan petersen, who headed the team studying computer warehouse in lagos, reported similar issues when trying to place a valuation on companies.	在尝试为各公司估值时，研究拉各斯computer warehouse公司案例小组负责人瑞安彼得森（ryan petersen）也报告了类似的问题。
Everything is a choice. Everything we do.	每件事。我们做的每件事都是个选择。
He passed the mid-term exam smoothly after day and night hard work.	历经夜以继日的勤学苦练，他顺利地通过了期中考试。
My frien -  Sources, important sources and contacts, 	我朋友 -  线人，重要的线人和联系人， 
This bomb. I can't wait to call the president.	这个炸弹.我等不及给总统打电话了。
The Colin Pettigrew? - yeah. 	科林•佩蒂格鲁？- 没错。 
No, not at all. - no, they think you're a freak, 	当然不会。- 不他们觉得你是怪物， 
We take some stuff off a computer, you never see me again.	我们拿到电脑里的东西，你就再也不用见到我了。
It's a horrible name for a detective 	对侦探来说那是个恐怖的名字 
Okay, the defendant will be taken back into custody.	好，现在将被告收监。
don't give me no more. 	别再说没有了。 
Jesus! Tell me one more time 	天啊！你敢再说一次 
It will take many months for the markets to return to normalcy.	需要经过很多个月市场才能恢复正常。
Miss you every day,	每天都想你，
Huh? What? Hey!	呃？啥？嗨！
He had survived intermittent talk of a military coup.	鲁戈过去曾历经周期性出现的军事政变谣言。
I'm all done. Yeah, I just have one more question.	我弄完了。最后一个问题。
Yeah. Speak later. 	是啊。晚些谈。 
I knew he had a Carroll fetish. 	我知道他崇拜卡罗。 
Yes, same again. 	对再来点。 
We will implement the outcome of the china-asean informal summit ad intensify the china-asean partnership of mutual trust oriented toward the 21st century.	我们要贯彻中国一东盟非正式首脑会议的成果，加强21世纪的相互信任的中国一东盟伙伴关系。
II’m going to tell you exactly what the doctor told her parents.	我把医生告诉病人的事情告诉你们。
Explore the world and get out of your comfort zone.	去探索世界吧，离开你的舒适地带。
...the cross-channel ferry.	英吉利海峡上的渡船
But, you know, you never stopped believing in that land, never,	但是，你知道，你一直都对那块土地，很有信心，
I've been reading reports from stephen jen, a former student of mine who's now the chief currency strategist at morgan stanley.	我一直在阅读stephen jen的报告，他曾经是我的一名学生，现在是摩根斯坦利的首席货币战略专家。
Well, he's not working today. 	他今天不上班。 
If he is rich, he's done a splendid job of hiding it. 	如果他有钱的话他就真的很会装穷。 
Place your hands behind your back, please, ma 'am. 	把手放在身后，女士 
Will you please behave normally? You should see me behaving badly.	你能正常点吗？你还没见过我更糟的表现。
You gotta get rid of these thoughts, Tom. 	你得停止那些流言，汤姆。 
I asked you to stay	我劝你早点归去
Central to this lecture is the improvisation and attentive listening. And please note the keywords as rediscovery of a daily soundscape, john cage, zen and the possibility of sound art.	此次讲座围绕即兴表达与绝对聆听，与以下句子相关：重新认识日常声音环境；约翰？凯奇和禅宗；声音艺术的可能。
That when we live no more... 	当我们不再活着... 
I'm dr. Smothers, and you are going into space. 	我是思莫德博士，你马上就可以去太空了。 
You'll find you've a rotten spot in your brain, Jim... 	你就会发现你自己本来就是腐烂残缺的，吉姆... 
Sleeper Sofa Mechanism: 	沙发睡床机构： 
Axel, that's not really your uncle's house, is it?	爱索，那不会真的是你叔叔家吧
Will be a valuable asset	一种女性视角
That's something I never thought I'd see. 	从没想到还能看见这么一幕。 
you mean morally. Well, we've been called in,	你指道德层面上嘛。既然现在我们被叫过来，
And I know you, sweetheart. 	我了解你，亲爱的。 
How can we stay sitting on the floor?	怎么可以让我们坐到地上嘛？
Toothless, you gotta get us out of here, bud. 	无牙，你得带我们离开这儿，伙计。 
My percentage in every one of the London hotels. 	我在伦敦所有旅馆的份额。 
You didn't even love him? You just fucked him?	你甚至从来没有爱过他？只是和他上过床？
No, I understand. That's very hard and	不，我很理解。是不容易再说，
But you figured it out. No. This is me venting. 	但你还是查出来了没有这是我瞎掰的。 
At the very center of the ring of fire, on the island of Hawaii.	位于这个火环中心的夏威夷岛上。
We'll go to a travelling agency, buy ourselves two tickets, 	我们去旅行社买两张票， 
The new shopping centre was constructed at a cost of 1.1 million.	新的购物中心耗资 110 万建成。
Peak of communism? Rating of kprf higher than ever. Smirnov: "attention!	共产主义登上巅峰？" 俄共" 选票史无前例的高斯米诺夫：" 闭嘴！
How many students end up going into this field anyway?	有几个学生最终会干这一行呢？
Simple, dignified.	简单，尊贵。
An unauthorized access	一个非授权访问
It'll all be in my report, but, uh, I think	我的报告上会写明一切但是呃我想
I can hardly avoid production blunders in my assignment.	我几乎不能避免在作业中出错。
Who's ready for some delicious new England chicken noodle chowder? 	有没有人想吃芬香飘溢的新英格兰杂脍鸡肉面？ 
It's air dynamic, we need an air dynamic's expert to look at all the stuff.	空气动力学，我们需要一位空动专家来看看这些。
We've got suspects, we're close.	我们已找到疑犯，很快将破案。
I wouldn't come here for thanks. That would be ungracious.	我可不是来讨你一声谢的。那多没风度。
He needs to see you on another matter. 	他有另事求见。 
The first division supplies infrastructure to network operators, the second is consumer focused and makes mobile phones, and the third, led by mr xu, is serving companies.	第一个部门向网络运营商供应基础设施，第二个部门面向消费者，制造手机，而由徐文伟领导的第三个部门是为企业提供服务。
Oh, so I asked you to drive my little sister home, 	噢，我叫你开车送我妹妹回家， 
You didn't write that you will be coming. 	你没有写信说你会回来。 
Sorry, sir, you can't stay here. There's a bomb in the hotel. 	抱歉，先生。你不能留下来饭店里有炸弹。 
Always taking out the meal-tub, and never putting in, soon comes to the bottom.	取粮不储粮，桶底粮也光；坐吃山空。
Okay, knock it off. I... I am going home. 	好吧，别扯了。我...我要回家。 
Hey, everyone gets tested, Gant. 	嘿，每个人都要通过测试，甘特。 
If you wanna ride with us, come see me. 	如果你想加入我们，就来找我。 
He came home enraged. 	他气冲冲的回家。 
Generally these attempts tried to "quantize gravity" by positing a particle, the graviton, that carried gravity in the same way that photons ( light) carry electromagnetism.	一般来说，这些尝试通过假设一种粒子来“量化”引力，这种粒子被称为“引力子”，引力子如同光子携带电磁力一般携带引力。
You bought two gallons of antifreeze just last week.	你上周才买了两加仑的防冻剂。
Then you're doomed to failure. 	你注定会失败的。 
Oh you'd have saved your heads being chopped off 	当然也不会被罗马人杀头 
Why would he do that? Because...	为何？因为…
Is both a science and an art.	是门学问和艺术。
Let me know what you want to do, okay?	告诉我你想怎么办，好吗？
I'm getting ready to say something is importance now.	我准备宣布一些重要的事情。
You don't need to be a physician to see what's happened. 	即便不是医师也能看出是怎么回事。 
There may be a similar risk with stroke.	在中风的研究中，也有同样的现象。
We want them to understand why you could do something so stupid.	我们希望他们能理解你当初为什么会做出这种傻事。
Dissolved from Hodgins' fungus.	哈金斯发现的真菌分解了。
But I can't hire you if you're pregnant. 	但假如你怀孕就别想拍我的戏。 
The man was serving a sentence for robbery with violence.	这个男子因暴力抢劫而正在服刑。
don't blame me for any casualties 	如果有什么损伤 
You look tired. I'm running for president.	你看起来好疲惫。我竞选总统。
Most enticing to me were the south african wines, which I'd somehow never tasted before.	这里最诱惑我的是来自南非的酒，我以前可从来没尝过。
He said he planned to stop here	他说他计划在去
Prepare for full breach. 	准备全面冲入。 
Oh, no, that's not good at all.	哦，不，时雨未歇兮。
Other sites, however, continue to offer peer-to-peer file sharing software despite the fact that one of its uses is to pirate copyrighted music and movies-and grokster is one such site.	别的网站，仍然，继续提供对等文件共享软件而不考虑它的某一次使用侵犯了享有著作权音乐和电影格罗斯特就是一个这样的网站。
Oh, come, now. I know that you yourself have been dealing, 	别这样，你自己都在做同样的事情， 
If this is about the nitrous oxide 	如果这是因为那次氮气事故 
The diagnosis difficulty in progressive supranuclear palsy.	进行性核上眼神经麻痹症诊断上的困难。
Square inch--square centimetre conversion tables.	平方厘米与平方英寸换算表。
I don't know the target,	我不清楚他们的目标，
What? He kiIIed - 	什么？他杀了- 
I still got pull in that department. 	在那部门里我还是有点能耐的。 
What sort of message would we be sending the other students 	如果对你的行为没有任何处理 
Greetings to the Khan. Greetings to the Khan 	拜见主上。拜见主上 
After the Exit from Olympia Park take the street towards Garmisch/Lindau, right hand-side direction Stadtmitte. 	从奥林匹克公园出口出来之后，进入朝加米施/林道市的街道，右手方向就是市中心。 
You must feel very fortunate that the Campbells have allowed you home? 	坎贝尔家同意您返乡您一定感到很幸运吧？ 
She called herself wonder woman. 	她称自己为神奇女侠。 
All the people here are normal. 	所有的人都是正常人。 
Let me know if I can help. Oh, you can. Where's Jack? 	如果有什么我可以帮忙的请不要客气哦。杰克在哪里？ 
Small to medium tropical tufted ferns; sometimes placed in family adiantaceae.	小型至中型的热带簇状的蕨类植物；有时归入铁线蕨科。
Meet us at the rendezvous point in an hour.	一小时后在老地方见。
The tragedy isn't one school shooting, it's the unceasing toll across our country. More americans die in gun homicides and suicides in six months than have died in the last 25 years in every terrorist attack and the wars in afghanistan and iraq combined.	这类校园悲剧不是一天两天的事情了，这类事情造成的伤亡人数在不断上升，过去六个月在类似事件中死亡的美国人甚至比过去25年任何一次阿富汗和伊拉克战争以及恐怖袭击加起来的死的人还多。
Us at the museum's opening of the new Asian wing two weeks ago. 	两周前在新亚洲之翼博物馆开幕式上照的。 
Doctors are overworked and underpaid, and many push drug sales or charge extra for services such as deliveries to make more money.	医生劳累过度，所得报酬多低，为挣取更多的钱医生促使药品销售或者收取额外的服务费用，比如分娩。
Before this time that the death rate must have been the same,	因此那时的死亡率和出生率肯定保持一致，
You believe he hasn't yet recovered emotionally because he's incapable of finding of an apartment?	就因为他没找到公寓你就觉得他还没从情伤中复原？
A western proverb says, "mighty oaks from tiny acorns grow."	西谚也有「橡子孕橡树」的哲言。
I'm hungry. Should we eat something?	我饿了。我们吃点什么吧？
You said no witnesses. 	你说过不能有证人的。 
There was an escape from the off - world colonies two weeks ago. 	两周前有人从世外殖民地逃走。 
Iraq has now placed itself in danger of the serious consequences called for in u.n. resolution 1441.and this body places itself in danger of irrelevance if it allows iraq to continue to defy its will without responding effectively and immediately.	伊拉克将其自身置于危险境地，这在决议中早有警告，如果该机构（联合国）仍不能迅速对伊拉克的行为作出相应的有效反应，则会将其自身亦置于危险境地。
Eyedrop needs to have the ph value that approachs extremely with physiology tear.	眼药水需要有与生理泪液极接近的ph值。
How about I bu you a drink, huh?	我请你怎么样？
Although I think of myself as a contrarian, every once in a while, I find myself affirming the "prevailing wisdom".	尽管我自认为是一名反向投资者，但偶尔我发现自己也赞同“普遍智慧”。
And the gold of that land is good; bdellium and onyx stone are there.	并且那地的金子是好的；在那里又有珍珠和红玛瑙。
Okay, just relax it.	好，放轻松一点。
Do you want to end up like Nina? 	如果你想要，因为妮娜完成？ 
Moving out? Another cell block. 	换地方？去另一区。 
GI, you buy? 	大兵，买不买？  
You have to do this. They said that they couldn't -	你必须得答应他们说他们不能…
I don't suppose you saw the cover of British vogue... 	你还没看过英国版 的封面吧… 
It is. It is. You stay away for years at a time. 	是的，是的。记得有一段时间。 
Here, give me $25 back. - twenty - five.	找给我$ 25 -25.
He's always trying to tell me what to do.	他总是对我的事情横加干涉。
By putting climactic epiphany before experience, education, and elevation.	通过在经历、教育和提升之前置入显灵高潮。
Listen, you got to eat something.	听着，你得吃东西。
Spread a little fear on her way out - make her mark, so to speak.	吓唬吓唬她- 让她记住教训，应该是这样。
The Buddha?	佛祖？嗯？
Maybe he's got family in indianapolis,	或许他有家人在印第安纳波利斯，
Okay, so he makes the call, 	他打了电话以后， 
Get used to seeing me with my clothes on too. 	你也要习惯看见穿衣服的我。 
Well, you trimmed my hedges, and now I am trimming yours. 	你修剪了我的树枝该我修剪你的了。 
Whatever, I'm ready to go. It's not about the name.	不管怎样，我准备好了名字无所谓。
I'm gonna take you to one of my favorite spots.	我要带你去个我十分喜欢的地方。
You wouldn't have suffered in vain 	就不辜负你这番辛苦了 
A mere pinch kills the writhing slug	一小捏盐就可以杀死掠夺我们田园的
All right, there you go. Thank you. 	好了，给。谢谢。 
Cease fire, damn it! I said no shooting!	停火，靠！我说过不要开枪！
Eventually other electronic exchanges--called pools--started forming.	最终，其他电子交易平台，也就是所谓的池，开始形成。
What made you want to become a teacher? 	是啥让你想当老师的？ 
We are located close to Flathead Lake, but there is also the option of Canadian shopping for guests who want a break from adventure and exploring. 	我们临近平头湖，但是对于从冒险和探索中暂时休息的客人来说，也可以选择加拿大购物。 
At present, 15 projects have been completed, including the huangchenggen ruins park.44 projects were under construction.	目前有皇城根遗址公园等15项工程完工，在施项目达44项。
Little Moesha trying to criticize my culinary skill.	小莫莎想批评我的烧烤手艺。
What happened? Caesar was really nervous. 	当时怎样？凯撒紧张的要死。 
Yeah, he was there, and then there was nothing,	是啊，他刚还在那里然后什么也没有了，
He heard that they were planning to turn more land into rice-fields.	他听说他们计划把更多旱地改作稻田。
Do I look to be in a gaming mood?	我像是有心情跟你闹着玩吗？
Fire! Ready! Fire! Frank.	开火！准备！开火！弗兰克。
You must know somebody high up.	你必须认识些贵人。
Hey, it was getting good. It's unmonitored. 	嗨，还真不错。这是未监视的。 
By these cosmic sentences of everlasting punishment.	他们很快就陷入其中。
Move inland!	向内陆前进！
The vice president will be present tomorrow.	明天，副总裁将出席。
It's lovely. Wait till I show you now... 	不错。我让你看。 
She didn't get the messages. Exactly. But they're on there waiting.	她根本没收到那些留言。没错。但是它们还在带子里等着她。
And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children. 	他把慈父之心给了孩子们。 
I told you, a little experiment, that's all. What's it got to do with me? 	我告诉你，一个小试验，就是怎么多。要对我做什么？ 
I am a healer. 	我是个治疗师。 
By roger ebert/ october 2, 1992 the shabby real estate office in "glengarry glen ross" seems likely to become one of the movie places we will remember, like the war room in "dr. strangelove" or hannibal lecter's cell.	罗杰伊伯特/1992年10月2日看起来《大亨游戏》中破乱不堪的地产办公室将成为又一个让人难忘的电影场景：正如《奇爱博士》的战略室和汉尼拔莱克特的囚笼。
Do you not see how they look at you? Peace, Ali, I am invisible.	你不知道他们怎么看你吗？冷静，阿里，没人看得到我。
In the midst of a global slowdown, the scope for a tighter monetary policy is also constrained by concerns about growth.	在目前全球经济放缓的情况下，对于经济增长的担忧，也限制了紧缩货币政策的空间。
1. Reaffirms that the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949, is applicable to the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967;	1. 重申1949年8月12日《关于战时保护平民的日内瓦公约》适用于自1967年以来被以色列占领的包括耶路撒冷在内的巴勒斯坦领土及其他阿拉伯领土；
Nail-biting is one of her bad habits.	咬指甲是她的一个坏民风。
If Fantine doesn't look out, watch how she goes 	如果芳汀不留神看看，以后的下场 
So why don't we just leave it on me, okay? 	所以不如让我自己来承担，好吗？ 
Well, now you know that's not what happened.	可是，你知道这不是真的。
Why? - because in 20 minutes... 	为什么- 因为20分钟以后。 
See you later, sucker.	一会儿见，傻瓜。
You are seriously fucked up. Did you look in the mirror?	你真的是疯了。你有没有照过镜子？
I prepared only your favourite organs.	我只准备了你最爱吃的器官。
My parents. They were dancers. 	我父母。他们跳过舞。 
I decide to start with something rather easier than gray's jaggedy rocks.	我决定从比格雷用的形状各异岩石更简单的东西开始。
Stop! Enough! Master, he tried to kill us!	停手！够了！师父，他想要杀了我们！
Ah, that's what I do. I - yeah. 	呃，我就做这个。我- 哦。 
Right. Right. Right, sorry. Sorry. Good luck.	对。对。对不起。祝你好运。
Indeed, only$ 675 million of the city's estimated$ 18 to$ 20 billion debt load is actually linked to general obligation ( go) bonds.	底特律的债务总额大约有180亿到200亿美元，其中只有6.75亿美元是所谓的一般责任债券。
Plans outlined yesterday will require banks to set aside more capital against complex structured products and off-balance sheet vehicles two of the main sources of stress in recent months.	昨日概述的计划，将要求银行针对复杂结构产品和表外工具（最近数月市场动荡的两个主要根源），计提更多的资本金准备。
Glad to make your acquaintance. 	很荣幸认识你。 
Plant sources include soy products and meat substitutes legumes lentils nuts seeds and whole grains.	豆制品和替代肉制品、豆科植物、扁豆、坚果、种子和谷物都是丰富的蛋白质来源。
I'm actually bigger than that. 	我实际可比那要大。 
We've had Christmas trees every year. 	每年都还有圣诞树。 
It's for the laundry, aye. 	洗衣服的费用，对。 
Everything I am.	关于我的一切。
Your Web site kind of reminded me that.	你的网站让我想起它。
I needed help analyzing the footage. 	我需要人帮忙分析录像。 
She could not move unassisted.	她不能够独力活动。
don't shoot. I need an ambulance. 	别开枪。我需要叫救护车。 
Us negotiators were startled by mr singh's decision to outline india's negotiating position in the indian parliament on monday.	辛格先生决定周一在议会概述印度的谈判立场，美方谈判人员对此感到吃惊。
If you spill anything on it... 	如果你把他弄脏了... 
but you'll never have my heart  	但你永远得不到我的心 
He won't know you. 	他不会认识你的。 
I always check the batteries.	当然检查过。
In the lobby garbage. 	找到这个薄荷巧克力杯。 
Hold on a minute. Hold on!	别走，别走！
But you can call me "grim" grim.	但你们可以叫我" 格里姆" 格里姆。
Leave if that's what you're here for. 	如果不知道来这里干什么那么就请走人吧。 
Hey, who wants a beer? 	嘿，有喝啤酒的吗？ 
Because you bring out so much sunshine 	因为你的歌声给整个世界的每个人 
When will your winnie come?	你的温妮到底什么时候来？
Your ma says you're a lawyer. 	你妈妈说你是一个律师。 
What? You never told me that before, 	什么？你从没跟我提过， 
I agree, which is why for the good, of our community 	我同意，所以说为了我们这个社区的利益着想 
He is a pure red indian.	他是血统纯正的北美印第安人。
He wavered, but in the end sensibly opted to say very little.	他迟疑未决，却能在最后理智的选择说上几句。
Your aunt, your father. 	你姑姑，你爸爸。 
She's described as being violently ill each time. 	医生每次都说她病得很重。 
Okay, I see what this is.	好吧，我知道这是怎么回事了。
You've always let me know that when it comes to food, you're the boss. Well, you're the boss.	关于吃的，你才是老大。你是老大。
And after crash tests, the insurance institute for highway safety made subaru a "top safety pick" across its entire product line, a distinction no other manufacturer can claim.	高速公路安全保险协会（Insurance Institute for Highway Safety）在经过碰撞试验后提出，斯巴鲁是所有被测车型中“安全首选车型”，这可是没有哪家车企能自我标榜的殊荣。
It must now ensure that european policymakers recognise the city of london's value to the european economy and limit the damage that badly-constructed, overzealous and seemingly retributive regulation might do to it.	英国现在必须确保欧盟（eu）决策者能够认识到伦敦金融城（city of london）对欧洲经济的重要性，并限制设计欠佳、过分热心以及似乎带有惩罚性的监管措施可能对其造成的损害。
I'm 57 years old. 	我已经57岁。 
To the tarantula of forli. 	回到弗利的狼蛛身上。 
Almost the same words.	几乎一个字不差
Wait, wait, wait, what guy?	等等，等等，哪个家伙？
But he's a very talented guy, 22 years at mcdonald's, ran the u.s. company.	但他是一个非常有才华的人，在麦当劳已经工作了22年，执掌过美国公司。
I want you to take her out, give her one day in the field. Supervised.	我想要你带她出去，给她实地作战一天你来监督。
About the Russians being involved as well.	同样的传闻。
But you stuck around, which means you're my friend. 	但你还在我身边证明你是我的朋友。 
This is ridiculous. I've got to try to get out of here. 	太荒唐了。我一定要逃出这里。 
He's told the whole club. Quoi? 	他已经告诉整个俱乐部的人了。什么？ 
I expect the couple who adopted him changed his name to something else. They usually do.	我想收养他的那户人家一定为他改了别的名字，一般都是这样的。
If they're gonna plaster your life in newspaper... 	如果他们在报纸上诋毁你的人生… 
I'd rather wait until I have something to trade. 	我宁愿等着交换点有价值的线索。 
He was a very stubborn man. 	他是个很顽固的人。 
If they were real. 	如果他们是真实的话。 
You have until 1:00 a.M. Tonight 	今晚1点前 
1/ 12 Peshawar, pakistan: under stormy skies, a girl enters a tent at the jalozai refugee camp	1/12巴基斯坦.白沙瓦：在暴风雨降至的天空下，一个女孩走进加洛扎难民营的一个帐篷里
Well, it turns out we need a whole new one 	但我们需要一张全新的表格 
Yes, I come back 	是的，我又恢复体力了 
I ain't a social worker.	我不是社工。
Up on the bridge, overseeing the loading of cargo. 	在舰桥上监督装载货物。 
Hey, man, what's with that face, huh? 	嘿，男人，那张脸怎么了，恩？ 
The elizabethans described language as decorated silence.	古人曾把语言比作修饰过的安静。
He banged on the doorbell impatiently, as if it was a door knocker thing.	他不耐烦地敲上了门铃，好像它是一个门环的事。
Private balconies overlooking San Diego Bay or San Diego skyline 	私人阳台可远眺圣地亚哥湾或圣地亚哥天际线 
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.	对于大数人来说，他们认定自己有多幸福就有多幸福。
How would you like your steak, rare, medium or well done?	你的牛排怎么做，嫩点，适中还是老点？
I developed them all together. 	我把这些放在了一起。 
To produce this type of carbon event.	才能得到这种类型的碳。
I'm not a good mother for an antelope baby.	我不是个好羚羊妈妈。
His pronunciation of putonghuan is very accurate.	他的普通话发音极其标准。
What's the Max? 10 years.	最多几年？十年。
So what have you got for me?	那你们查到什么?
Me and Willis are on board. 	我和威利斯在船上。 
Two great novels is nothing to sneeze at. 	两本杰出的小说无可挑剔。 
Nearby Events: 	附近的时间： 
The earth cooled. 	地球与太阳之间的距离适中。 
Mr faron, the minister is expecting you. This way, sir.	法龙先生，部长在等你，这边来。
Name's James Cody. Dallas, Texas.	名字叫詹姆斯。科迪住在德克萨斯州的达拉斯。
Do you have any better ideas? 	你还有更好的主意吗？ 
We need you for our launching ad. No one's better than you!	我们需要你来做我们的广告主管，没人比你更好的了！
Dave, would you mind helping me clear the table? 	帮我清理下桌子吧？ 
But surveying has never depended on viewing from above.	我认为他们的工作很出色。
So early on babies can, are sensitive to all phonemes 	所以早期的婴儿，对于音位非常的敏感 
And you were awfully quiet, I might add. 	但你出奇的平静。 
Everybody was downstairs watching a movie.	大家都在楼下看电影。
This is classic. - they asked you to stay. 	这是经典的。- 他们留你了。 
You don't understand. Maybe if you whine at me another 20 minutes...	你不明白。或许你再哭闹个20分钟我就懂了…
He's threat yellow. 	危险程度中。 
Giveback my toy, or I will tell dad on you.	把玩具还给我，否则我去向爸爸告你的状。
I was going to say less alive. 	我本来想说往生的。 
You'll be right next door if I need you. 	如果有什么状况你不就在隔壁吗。 
Well, we're not off the map, exactly.	好吧，我们不是不出名确实。
Very good, go into a brigad a soldier to about - face 	很好，入队兵向后转 
I'm the road warrior, the freeway shooter. 	我就是那个马路狂魔那个高速路杀人犯。 
They don't want this thing 	他们不希望 
How will we get those prisoners with us?	我们如何让那些囚犯和我们一起干？
Leave me, save Mithian.	别管我，带上弥谢安。
We were going to do it.	我们最终还是要去做。
Only you judge me for being a paralegal. 	只有你会因此对我评头论足。 
Very slowly. don't make a sharp movement. 	慢点。别有太大动作。 
But what I've seen are communities absolutely determined to fight through this disaster as they have before, to preserve not just a way to make a living but a way of life.	但我所看到的是整个社会与灾难斗争的坚定决心，如同他们以前一样，不仅仅是为了一种谋生方式而奋争，更是为了一种生活方式而奋争。
That I won't make it on time.	我无法准时出席了。
Yeah, because my fabric is trash. 	是啊，因为我的材料就是垃圾。 
On guys' night, but we have a situation. 	但是我们遇到麻烦了。 
I'm gonna beat you like a rented mule, man.	我要把你打扁，伙计。
At issue was the way in which evidence given at control-order hearings can be kept secret from the defendant and his counsel in order, it is said, to protect flows of information important for national security or the health of the source.	其中，最重要的一个议题是，为了保护涉及国家安全的重要信息或者消息提供方的安全，那些在控制令听证会中出示的证据在什么情况下可以对被告及其律师保密。
The government has pledged to blacklist firms linked to major disasters so they cannot secure bank loans.	政府还对那些曾发生重大事故的安全生产黑名单企业采取了不给贷款的处罚措施。
A little tough around here,	我们日子过得有些艰难，
An extremely precise robotic arm pulls the wafer into a machine, where a filtration system removes dust particles from the surrounding atmosphere and a spray of negatively charged ions neutralize static electricity.	一只精密度极高的机械手将晶圆移入机器，机器的过滤系统会除去大气带来的灰尘颗粒，撒出的带负电的离子会中和静电。
Yes. There's two others on this branch. Do you all get together? 	是的，这条支线上还有两位你都收集到了吗？ 
Like... Or, like, stumble into it. Like, Oh, I'm... You know? Just hit the door, okay? 	就像... 或者，像是，跌到门上。就像，哦，我... 你知道的？撞门就行，好吗？ 
Our no.2 son, we learned, sent one every year.	我们知道，二儿子每年都要送去一个。
All right, put your hands on top of your head and turn around,	手放头上转过身去，
We got $1.	你挣了1块。
Yesterday he told me that mr. bill would be a tool 1 pusher.	昨天他告诉我,比尔先生将当技师。
North Michigan biological - it sounded so much fancier. 	北密歇根生物- 听起来很不可思议。 
You see, normally...	你看，通常...
don't say that	别跟我说这个
I didn't go see him. 	我没去看他。 
Break through with the package. 	带着包裹突围出去。 
And in girl world, all the fighting had to be sneaky.	在“女孩世界”，所有较量都在暗中进行。
Hey, if the '60s were good for one thing, 	嘿，如果60后还有一处优点的话， 
And very stupid. 	愚蠢至极。 
It's a total kerfuffle!	简直是胡闹！
I'm not quite sure what it is you're appreciating.	我不是太确定你们在感激什么。
Is it true, then? What? 	是真的吗？什么？ 
And I saw myself in the corridor of a hospital. 	我站在医院的走廊。 
In this case, the world of artificial intelligence was represented by a camera linked to a computer, neither of which actually interacted with the study's participants.	他们的实验中，代表人工智能的是一台带摄像头的电脑，并且它并没有和研究参与者互动。
It doesn't matter. It was a failure. We closed the door and moved on. 	不重要，失败了，我们就关掉它研究别的。 
There is nothing wrong with his hypothalamus or his pituitary. 	他的下丘脑和垂体都没问题。 
You showed up.	你不是赴约了嘛。
We'd be in our own recording studio 	我们会在自己的录音室里 
The thief broke a back window of the parrots of the world shop between 4a. M. and 6a. M., before the owner showed up, police said.	警方说，小偷在清晨4点到6点之间，「世界鹦鹉」宠物店的店东现身之前，破坏该店的一扇后窗。
Vaccination can protect a child against getting measles, mumps, and rubella.	疫苗接种能保护儿童抵抗麻疹、腮腺炎和风疹。
Sharp dialogue was once the show's hallmark.	尖锐的对话曾经是这个节目的亮点。
Police officer keith blakelock was stabbed to death by a gang during the riots as he tried to protect fire crews.	在当年的一次骚乱中，警察基思布雷克洛克在试图保护灭火队员时，被暴徒刺死。
He has even managed not to crow publicly about the pregnancy of his wife, carla bruni-sarkozy.	他甚至试图不公开他妻子carla bruni-sarkozy已怀有身孕的消息。
Well, I may have played it once or twice.	嗯，可能玩过一两次吧。
If their choice for a new prime minister-expected next week-does not satisfy the anti-government group, protesters may well be back on the streets.	他们挑选新总理预计下个星期会有结果，如果不能满足反政府组织的要求，示威者可能还会走上街头。
I want the world to see the words coming from my lips,	我想让世界看到一字一句都由我说出，
If she gets sick, he's gonna call. 	如果她病了，他就会来代打的。 
People do go around armed these days.	现在人们出门都会武装自身。
Now we're talking, right?	我们在聊天，对吧？
But you always got me out of things.	但你一向都帮助我脱困的。
I'm very romantic by nature, so I live on a boat 	我天性浪漫，所以我住在船上 
And see you at headquarters in half an hour, okay? Brilliant. 	半小时后总局见，好吗？太好了。 
I'm telling mommy. You're in trouble. 	我要告诉妈妈，你惨了。 
So, back to the van. Yeah. 	又回到货车上了。是啊 
I would feel personally, very uncomfortable to be...	私底下，我觉得跟某些女人在一起，我很不舒服…
You working on a case?	你在查案？
just one bite. Come on.	就一口。来吧。
I'm not your ordinary m. E.	我可不是普通的法医。
I was at the dance studio today. What studio. 	我今天去了舞场。什么舞场？ 
I can get most or all of it suspended.	我可以让大部分刑期暂缓执行
Look, we just got here. That's one place. I think we need to try a few more. 	我们刚到这。这只是开始。我认为得多试几个。 
Will other hubs ever catch up?	其它的集群地能赶上硅谷么？
You don't need the streets anymore.	你不需要在街上巡逻了。
Mission: find and kill!	任务：找到就杀掉！
He was really rattled. 	他当时也火了。 
As quickly and honorably as possible. 	动作要快并且尽可能体面点。 
To call for help? 	有没有叫巴特找人帮忙？ 
Actually, he played you like a ukulele. 	实际上，是像耍猴。 
don't even think about bullying me, old man. 	别想着吓唬我，老头。 
I want your opinion... I need your advice.	我想听听你的意见... 我需要你的建议。
Shut up, it's your move.	住嘴，轮到你了。
She looked up, then dropped her eyes again.	她抬起头来看，又垂下眼去；
Look, I'm not into dudes, okay? 	喔，我可不是那种人啊 
From one floater? 	从那个漂浮物里？ 
I need to speak to mommy by myself.	我想单独和妈妈谈谈。
How much did you give them, mrs. schaffer?	西富尔太太,您给了他们多少钱?
It looked like I might just win this thing. 	我以为我就快赢下官司了。 
When Pilate heard this, he tried to find a way to set Jesus free.	彼拉多听了这话，就想放了耶稣。
You're not going mad. 	你没发疯。 
To make this all go away.	排除这些烦恼吗。
How often do you sleep together? Do you have sex often? 	你们经常睡在一起吗？你们经常做爱吗？ 
He comes from a loving family who occupy the ground floor of a shabby apartment in southern xian, where his father sells remedies to people too poor to afford a doctor.	他来自一个充满爱意的家庭，家里人居住在西安南部一栋破烂的公寓的地下室中，他的父亲靠兜售一些药方给无力就医的穷人为生。
Don't be on his side. Just put it back. - guys! 	你别护着他。快点改掉。- 同志们！ 
She kind of lit the place up.	很亲切很有亲和力。
Well, I'm sorry. No.	对不起，别这样说。
Trance - like state that will get you... 	你将进入那种令女人们迷醉的状态…… 
How did they know how to find you?	他们怎么知道如何找到你？
hold your cup because I got the container 	抓住你的杯子，以为我有罐子 
The leaves might bestrew him, and the soil gradually accumulate and form a little hillock over his frame, no matter whether there were life in it or no. death was too definite an object to be wished for, or avoided.	树叶会撒落在他身上，泥土会逐渐堆积，从而在他身上形成一个小土丘，无需过问他的躯体内还有无生命。死亡这个十分明确的目标，是不必巴望，也不必回避的。
The interstate is one mile that way.	往那边走一英里就是州际公路。
But at least we got them all to sit down at the table. 	但我至少可以让他们坐下来谈谈。 
Yes, you did, because you are the selfish one. 	但你训了你是个自私的人。 
The fall of night ignites thousands of lanterns along the riverbanks and the sunset glow as well, which then sets the town ablaze with light and illuminates the way home for the town residents.	夜幕降临，河岸边数千盏灯笼与晚霞一并点燃，把整个小镇映衬得灯火通明，为镇民们照亮了回家的路。
We're gonna do whatever we can. Make it like it was. 	我们会尽力让一切回到过去。 
Let's go get a drink. - let's get a drink. 	我们去喝一杯- 我们去喝一杯。 
We 'll work this out right now. We made a vow we' d go out to la and be stars. 	我们现在可以把问题说清楚的。我们发过誓要去洛杉矶成为明星。 
But we'll just pretend with you. 	但我们会假装不知道的。 
Even though it's your emotional default, stop worrying.	别瞎担心，虽然这是你天生的缺陷。
I'd stay in counseling if I were you. 	如果我是你，我会继续做咨询。 
Get a hit off the nail scrapings.	在指甲上找到些线索。
Here, in the room?	在房间里？
If you get a rich kid into an Ivy League school, your rates go up to 300 an hour. 	你要是帮富家子进了常春藤，收费就会涨到一小时300. 
But at a hearing wednesday, members of congress were briefed on two new studies that question whether bottled water is safer than water directly from the faucet.	然而，在星期三的一个听证会上国会成员们听取了两项新的、质疑瓶装水是否真的比直接从水龙头流出的水安全的研究报告。
From the rocky mountains almost to the mississippi river is pretty flat.	从落基山脉到密西西比河的大部分地区是非常平坦的。
I'll give you a pound. Done!	我出一磅。成交！
Aw, come on. Just for a few hours.	别这样。只要几个小时。
Is she all right? For now.	她没事吧？目前没事。
Hongkong thome investment group limited registered information.	香港天亿投资集团有限公司注册信息。
I love the game, and it loved me back.	我投注了热情，橄榄球也回报我。
It seems to me that you're counting on mom to have been as unfulfilled as you are. 	在我看来，你就认为妈妈一辈子像你那样不幸福 
Your boyfriend's a lucky guy.	你男朋友很走运。
Well, she's as good as dead, sir.	呃，她会生不如死，先生。
Grade will be based on the quality of the students' performance in the following areas: 	成绩以学生在以下方面的表现为基础： 
The dog that will follow everybody ain't worth a curse.	会跟随任何人走的狗，可真不值一顾。
Sorry, your work wasn't done 	很抱歉，你的行动没成功 
And I wanted a gun.	我想要把枪
But to be clear...	但话说在前面…
This speech has been hailed by his friends as the prelude to his return to office.	这篇讲话被他的朋友们誉为他官复原职的前奏。
One of your own who might	一名你们的同事可能
It must be some kind of a seizure.	可能是什么病发作了。
Ready to invade, commander.	入侵已就绪，指挥长。
You just cost someone their life, farley! Game over!	你断送一条人命法利游戏结束!
Wish I was having a party.	我有钱开派对就好了。
Ah, geez, l was talking to myself. 	哦，奇怪，我只是自言自语。 
Cormous perennial herbs; native to south africa.	一个具有香甜味的多年生草本属；原产于南非。
Why are you here? Ricochet, he had his hands all over me girl.	你为什么在这？跳飞，他居然敢泡我的女人。
But can you help him? 	但是你能帮他么？ 
Y ou do not know howto treat journalists!	你不知道怎么对待新闻记者吗!
You're the one that told me to have a quiet dinner for two in the first place!	是你出主意让我们二人晚餐的！
Because he ain't like any of the other niggers around here. You got it? 	因为他与这里的其他黑鬼不一样。明白么？ 
A stimulant triggers celIs in your child's Airways... 	你孩子气管中的一个刺激感受细胞... 
The objective should not be to revive the originate and distribute model of banking, which has demonstrably failed, but to secure its orderly winding down.	我们的目标不应是恢复银行业的创造和销售模型（这个模型显然已失败），而是要确保它的有序结束。
And that makes you smart? 	所以你很聪明？ 
I'm 45 years old, OK? 	我已经45岁了？ 
You understand? 	你了解没？ 
And when I finally find true love, I'll throw all the shit out the door...	最终找到真爱时，我就把这些垃圾都扔出门……
I don't know. A gym?	我不知道。健身房
Bat I think it could be better it we step together. 	但我们呆在一块的话情况会更好的。 
Step away from that knife.	别碰那把刀。
Where? Over there?	哪儿？在那儿吗？
Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner, unless you eat some of what's on that plate.	坐在餐桌并不就使你成为餐客，除非你吃了些盘内的东西。
I cannot rub the strangeness from my sight	我今天早上从饮水槽里捞起
Look, I think you'll find that I've got a case of amnesia for as long as I'm incarcerated	听着，你们会发现我只要被关着就有丧失记忆的毛病
Will they arrest me again if I tell? 	如果我告诉她会不会又被捕 
Now, this is a long run, so let's do another bladder check. 	今天我们将长时间作战,再次检查下膀胱是否排空。 
There's - there's a trophy? If we win. 	有 - 有奖杯？如果获胜的话。 
The universe is too cluttered to allow the reversal of time?	宇宙已经太满了，不允许时间反演？
This spacious mobility accessible standard smoking room features a king bed and a roll in shower. 	这间宽敞的无障碍标准客房内允许吸烟，配备有一张特大号床和无障碍浴室。 
You can't take him off. It'll just be for a week.	不能就这么踢他出局一周而已。
Killing each other ter they realize they're married.	等他们结婚后才想将对方置于死地。
Mr. wang is also plotting his next innovations, which will center around the internet--more eye-catching prints, more vibrant colors to be passed around in photos on social media sites, more ways to sell online.	王一扬正在构想下一个创新，以互联网为核心，创造更抓眼球的印花图案，更生动的色彩，方便在社交媒体上用照片的形式传播，并寻找更多在线销售的方式。
Joseph jasgur's photos, negatives and image copyrights will be sold in december by julien's auctions.	摄影师名叫约瑟夫贾斯格，朱利安拍卖公司将在12月拍卖他这批照片的冲印片、底片及图片版权。
The line follows one's inclinations calmly, the vision is gentle and agreeable, imbued with aesthetic feeling, experience the breath that cherries are indifferent to fame or gain, graceful and simple, some own romantic conditions and customs.	纹路从容随心，视觉柔顺，富于美感，感受到樱桃恬淡的气息，优雅质朴，自有一番浪漫风情。
Standing on the steps of the Missoula library once again,... 	又一次站在图书馆阶梯前…… 
Even with help, I can't do it. 	即使有人帮，也不行。 
The students found the exercises rather babyish.	学生们发现这些练习相当简单。
And each time, it gets less clear. I got something. 	每次都是，越来越不清晰。有发现。 
Famous for an experience that is easy, flexible and memorable. 	因舒适从容、灵活和难忘的体验而扬名四海。 
I'd rather spit in your face. 	我宁可向你脸上吐痰。 
What was I...? 	我是一个... ？ 
In the event of an emergency, they may be called upon to shoot you.	在紧急情况下他们会奉命杀你们。
Were on your 12th tequila shot, and licking salt... 	喝第12瓶龙舌兰酒，并在陌生女人身上… 
I carry out this judgment of banishment. 	今天我要执行流放的判决。 
I've never beheld such magnificent armor. 	我从未见过如此巧夺天工之作。 
Char, please listen to me. Ella, I know. You're scared.	察尔，听我说爱拉，我知道，你吓坏了。
She's not dropping anything on me.	她不会弄到我。
The alternative to a bigger efsf would be the issuance of eurobonds that are jointly and severally underwritten by euro-zone members.	另一扩大efsf的选择是发行共同而又独立的被欧元各国保险的欧洲债券。
Which not only depends on his legendary history of carving out business.	这不仅依仗他传奇的创业史。
Whitmore seems less like the president and	威特默尔不像个总统
I do so much fucked up shit. And I just forget about it.	我干过那么多蠢事。我还不是都忘了。
You think I'd do a thing like that?	我觉得我会做这种事？
I gotta work tomorrow. 	我明天还要上班。 
But if the collapse of the euro were to happen, kostin believes that could "wipe 25% in value from stocks, driving the s& p 500 to 900."	但如果欧元真的解体，克斯汀预计这可能将“抹掉股市25%的价值，将标准普尔500指数拉低至900点。”
We trust himto stay far away.	可以相信他离我们很远。
In 1998, the worst year, the economy shrank by 2%.	在最糟糕的1998年，经济倒退了2%。
Except we'll start with an artistic, elliptical incision. 	得切得干净漂亮。 
Worse still, equities perform badly in periods of high inflation, and governments will need quite a lot of inflation if they are really to erode their debt burdens.	更糟的是，股票在严重通货膨胀时表现并不理想，如果政府需要减少债务负担，那么他们必须承担相当多的通货膨胀。
I guess there's nothing like seeing another version of yourself	我想没有什么比看见另一个自己
But, with an upbeat heroic theme and sensational plot of underground struggles, I have to say the story was gripping to a young mind.	有这样积极的英雄主义主题和紧张的地下斗争情节，我得承认这些故事对于年轻人的头脑来说的确很吸引人。
Their intercession is to be sought.	他们是要寻求调解。
In the direction of a "giant cocktail".	“巨型鸡尾酒”的方向。
I took care of that on Friday. 	我周五就处理好了。 
You're the only person that I've ever met that's made me feel special.	在我曾经见过的人中你是唯一让我感觉如此特别的人。
Many scientific studies have shown that video games can improve human performance in sensory and perceptual tasks, involving hand-to-eye co-ordination, as well as those that require a lot of attention.	许多科学研究表明电子游戏可以改善人类在感觉和知觉任务中的表现包括眼手协调，还有那些需要高度注意力的行为。
Yeah, I hope that works both ways. 	是啊，我希望他们的也一样。 
Every archetype has strengths, weaknesses, gifts, and fears.	每一原型都有其强势、弱点、天赋和畏惧。
I'm gonna pretend to go to work now. 	我要假装埋头工作了。 
Public service announcement.	公共服务告示。
Do you ever go home? 	你回过家吗？ 
Would n't hurt you. Might kill me.	伤不了你。却可能杀了我。
How can anyone be proud of giving birth to someone like that? 	有谁会为生出那样的人感到自豪？ 
I think it's very interesting of her	我觉得她很有意思
To work well, linguistic software must adjust to the way different people talk.	为了产生效果，语言识别软件必须根据不同人群的交谈方式调整侦测。
You should take a closer look at his classmates and professors.	有必要查一下他的同学和老师。
He had followed her to India. Yes.	他跟随她来到了印度。是的。
Room By the Bay perfect for a baby & bridal showers or a casual meeting (Photo by Wollwerth Imagery) 	酒店的房间非常适合于婴儿和新娘洗礼或临时会议（照片由Wollwerth Imagery提供） 
I worked for this part! 	我为这个角色付出了那么多！ 
I'm not liking the sound of this.	听上去不妙
Because we have been here a long time and we have already been earlier thought we had him.	因为我们很早就掌握到他的动向。
Looking for anything they could find to burn up. 	四处寻找着可以让他们炸上天的东西。 
If you're here to visit the Library of Congress in historic downtown Culpeper, it's only a short drive away. 	如果您来到这里是为了位于历史上著名的库尔佩珀市中心的参观国会图书馆，从我们酒店出发只需要很短的车程。 
So there is something wrong with my blood?	我的血有问题吗？
Of schlepping coffee and office supplies	品尝免费的苦涩的咖啡自由使用办公用品
Ah, he was, but then Bruce McCoy grew leg hair, 	他本来是老四，不过老三长腿毛了， 
But I do, I feel like if somebody were to touch me, you know,	但是我觉得有人碰我的话，
I can't make it tomorrow. 	我明天没时间啊 
Taste and wealth. ain'tAin’t afraid to let the world see it.	有品位富有。不在意别人的看法。
But that's better	但是那样总是比
They're all a bunch of Nazi conformist cheerleaders.	他们是一群庸俗狂。
Cherish what you have, be happy every day!	珍惜你所拥有的，快乐每一天！
Hairpieces are simply coverups and need periodic replacing.	假发仅仅简单的掩盖患处，还需要定期更换。
Because we have something very important we wanna discuss with you.	因为我们有十分重要的事情想要和你们讨论。
What hope do we have? - there is hope. 	我们能有什么希望？- 有希望的。 
Before the baby's discovery, searchers found at least 2000 bodies cast up along the shoreline of the badly-hit miyagi prefecture.	发现小孩前，搜索者发现至少2000具尸体冲上受重创的宫城（miyagi）县海岸线.
If you do not want a taxi, it may be difficult to pass them.	如果你不想做出租车可能很难过他们这一关。
No, I... I don't want her. I was just, uh...	不，我... 我不是想拥有她。我只是，呃...
Do they make you uncomfortable?	它们会把你弄得不舒服？
Okay, if you've got nothing to say to us,	既然你没什么要跟我们说的，
You should rest your leg, boss. 	你该歇会了，头儿。 
They didn't leave any kind of trail.	他们没有留下蛛丝马迹
You opened them one by one.	你一个个打开来看。
I'm sorry, no. According to the test, you two of you are highly incompatible. 	很抱歉，这不是玩笑。根据测试，你们两个非常不合适。 
I was only gone 20 minutes what you do?	我只去了二十分钟啊？
And finally inside the duck.	最后把鸡塞在鸭肚里。
Wait. Okay, here we go.	等等，好了，来吧。
Oh, hey, did you hear about our verdict? We voted to convict. 	哦，你听说我们的裁决了吗？我们判定两个男孩罪名成立。 
Because she didn't want to be booed. 	因为她不想被别人羞辱。 
You hold most dear.	你拥有的所有宝贵记忆。
The man kissed me one time in my entire life. 	他一辈子就吻过我一次。 
Well, l ‘ve driven with you, and l survived.	因为，我就坐在你的旁边，而且我幸存下来了。
This gleco would supersede the g20 and g8 as the governing body of the global economy.	这个全球经济委员会将取代20国集团和八国集团，成为全球经济的管理机构。
I knocked, but there was no answer. 	我敲门了，但是没人应答。 
Though they're young, they both knew their own hearts.	尽管他们很年轻，他们却明白自己的心意。
In the paper, szabo defines smart contracts as agreements enforced not by law, but by hardware or software that would "fully embed in property the contractual terms which deal with it."	绍博在这篇论文中把智能合同定义为不是由法律、而是由那些将“完全嵌入财产及处置它们的合同条款中的”硬件和软件强制执行的协议。
But the rule for the survival of criminal organizations... 	但对犯罪组织的幸存者，准则应是。 
He's really dead.	他还真是毫无知觉。
I just went past the art studio. It's like bloody Lord of the flies,	我刚经过美术教室里面。像苍蝇王一样，
Is you're in way over your head here, you know? 	你负担挺大的，你知道吗？ 
Which by any court's definition would qualify as duress.	任何法院都会视此为胁迫签署。
I figured you were working today. 	我知道你今天要上班。 
The kind that just come out of your stomach and make you feel like what do you 	从你心里涌出让你对自己所做的事情感到困惑 
Neither one of them would have done it alone. 	他们不可能独自一人办到此事。 
No, you still don't know that. Michael, Lisa and Claire, they're all dead.	你不能确定迈克，丽莎和克莱儿，他们死了。
L'll get you that list within the hour.	一小时内我会把名单递上。
We study fewer subjects than the students in grade9.	我们学习的科目不如9年级多。
She dabbed at her mouth with a tissue.	她用面巾擦拭嘴唇。
Unlike the other diners in the grill on the universal studios lot in hollywood, I know she is coming, so although I am seated at the back of the restaurant I notice her as soon as she enters.	朱莉与grill餐厅（位于好莱坞环球影城（universal studios）旁）其他用餐者明显不一样，所以她一来我就知道了，虽说我坐在餐厅后边，但她一走进来，我立马就认出了她。
Some parents expect their sons or daughters to take a very hands-on role in running the family's business or assets, while some might just want their children to understand how the portfolio is structured.	一些父母期望他们的子女能在管理家业方面有出色表现，而另一些可能只是想让孩子们理解投资组合是如何构建的。
Analysis on managerial environment of guangdong olympic center after "the ninth national game"	“九运”后广东奥林匹克中心经营环境分析
Yeah, I hear it. Every week I receive letters 	是的，我听得见。每星期我都收到 
Strauss that of the Bible. 	施特劳斯质疑了圣经的权威。 
I'm assuming you contacted Allison. 	你试过联系爱莉逊。 
Kjv and when all the moabites heard that the kings were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on armour, and upward, and stood in the border.	新译本摩押全国听见这几位君王上来要攻打他们，就召集所有能够穿上武装的，不论老幼，到边界上防守。
My throat is sore 	我嗓子哑了 
It's just the end of this life. 	仅仅是结束这样的生活而已。 
If you reach in there, you'll find it among a bundle of papers. 	如果你摸得到，你会在一堆纸中找到的。 
Corolla blue-purple, ca.1.2cm long, white pubescent, 2-lipped, upper lip2-lobed, lower lip3-lobed; lobes subequal.	花冠蓝紫色，长1.2厘米，被白色短柔毛，二唇形，上唇2裂，下唇3裂，裂片近相等。
A letter from the immigration office. 	是移民局的来信。 
I did nothing to help him.	我根本没办法救他。
don't start fighting. We just got here. 	好不容易，能够再次见面。 
Who know I love you thorough marrow.	有谁知道我爱你深入骨髓。
Well, he's confused.	是他弄错了。
Little Theodora, star of miss Rosebud's bouncing babes?	小西奥多拉，罗斯巴德小姐的活跃宝贝的明星？
Since Thanksgiving, I've pretty much hung up the, 	感恩节之后，我的婚姻问题上就一直悬在那儿， 
Oh, no? Well... 	哦，不买了吗？好吧... 
okay, here's my idea. I'm really excited about it. 	我是这样设计的真是太激动了。 
Position of the body.	尸体的位置。
Before that, the trees were considered horrifying. 	在那以前，樱树是被人们敬畏的。 
You two are out there on your own, and we don't see a dime? 	你们自立门户了是吧，我们怎么一分钱也没看见？ 
Break through the blind spot of the former "s exploring, the writer find the novel itself."	突破前人探索的盲点，笔者回到了马原小说的本身。
Your numbers are below 38%, you've bet wrong on every economic and environmental issue	你的支持率低于38% ，在选民关注的每个经济环境议题上
Every potentially life - threatening thing? No. 	别做任何有潜在危险的事？不是的。 
Do you believe in friendship?	你相信友谊么？
Nobody tames me! 	你才是乖宝宝呢！ 
You saved my letters. 	你保存了我的信。 
Uh, hello, secret boyfriend. Who else knows? 	神秘" 男友。还有人知道吗？ 
We could bring in Nina and not lose a step. 	我们可以叫上妮娜，每一步都不会错过。 
Upstream? So you're saying the money was moved before the trades? 	上游？你是说资金在交易之前就被转移了？ 
Listen to them and help them.	倾听他们说话并且帮助他们。
Nowadays there is often a lack of understanding between the audience and the general directors of the annual spring festival galas.	如今，观众以及过年晚会导演组之间常缺乏相互理解。
Okay, I'd rather not. 	呃，还是不要的好。 
How could you choose me?	你怎么能看中我呢？
Little by little bit you too can learn to love that pink corsage wall or summer tangerine and little by little infuse patterns and textiles too!	慢慢地你也可以变得喜爱粉红色的墙壁或夏季橘红色，喜欢一些小图案和纺织品的点缀！
Almost 687...	差不多687分。。。
Because that device is mine.	因为那个仪器是我的。
There is a brotherly affection among us.	我们之间有兄弟般的情谊。
He was dangerous. To who? 	他很危险，对谁？ 
Ah! Run! Yeeaaghh! 	啊！逃啊！ 
I now pronounce you husband and wife... And wife. 	我宣布你是丈夫你是妻子……你也是。 
Uh - huh,  how annoying, 	嗯哼， 真讨厌啊， 
A friendship that exists only in your imagination, I assure you. 	我向你保证你们之间可没什么友情。 
Conant says it takes honesty, discipline, and necessary alone time for him to lead.	康纳特说，他需要诚实、纪律和必要的独处时间来做好领导。
All the nice areas in Florida are becoming more and more urbanized.	佛罗里达所有的那些好去处都在变得越来越都市化。
I don't even know what to say. 	我都不知道该说什么了。 
News of the world phone-hacking scandal.	世界新闻报电话窃听丑闻。
A girl like you... Needs a man like you. 	像你这样的女孩…需要你这样的男人。 
To take the most directly relevant example, medicare advantage, which was originally called medicare+ choice, was supposed to save money; it ended up costing substantially more than traditional medicare.	举一个最有直接关系的例子“医保优势项目”，最初被称为“医保+选择”，原本为了节约费用，最后的结果是费用比传统“老年人医保”大幅增加。
Show me your badge.	出示一下警徽。
When you do logs of small numbers, you get negatives 	你对很小的数取对数时，会得到负数 
He thinks all hell will break loose.	他觉得这些也没什么。
Yeah, which is why Vegas made perfect sense. 	所以拉斯维加斯才是正确的选择。 
I pushed you. 	我拉你进来的。 
Staying in style was in mind when designing this wonderful non-smoking room that comes with a knot-busting whirlpool to help you relax, extremely comfy king bed, flat screen TV, convenient kitchenette and free high-speed Internet access. 	设计这间美好的无烟客房时，我们的初衷是要彰显它的特色之处，它配备了减压涡流浴缸帮助您全身心地放松下来、无比柔软舒适的特大号床、平板电视、方便的厨房以及免费高速互联网接入。 
I was that hard on you? 	我那么严厉啊？ 
There was this girl at school.	学校有个女生。
Why didn't you just tell me that the camp girl was Jenna?	你为什么不直接告诉我那个夏令营女生是珍娜？
On september 25th control of france's upper house swung to the left for the first time in the fifth republic.	九月二十五日，法国参议院在第五共和国历史上第一次转由左翼阵营把持。
So just be, you know, cool. Just be... You know... 	所以你们要，就是，平静些。你们要... 就是... 
All right must be a generational thing. 	好啊一定是个你们这代人的东西。 
We try to sell you to the public, Jack? 	把你当做卖点怎么样，杰克？ 
But the lost continent' was only the most memorable 	但是“失落的大陆”只是许多这类 
She's the best in the field. 	在这个领域她是最好的医生。 
Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the heap of great waters.	你乘马践踏红海，就是践踏汹涌的大水。
Attention all shoppers. 	所有顾客请注意。 
I just need to ask you a few -	我得了解一下你...
His son said to do a paternity test.	他的儿子们说要做亲子鉴定。
I found this. That's, um... Not my mum's handwriting.	我发现了这个。嗯... 那不是我妈妈的手迹。
All you do is complain, complain, complain. 	你只会一直抱怨，抱怨，抱怨。 
I do like a bit of gorgonzola.	我的确比较喜欢戈贡佐拉干酪。
What I wouldn't give for a large sock with horse manure in it.	我真希望手头有只装满了马粪的大袜套！
It means I can't believe you're the kind of guy	我的意思是我不能相信
But when you have a rap sheet as long as mine, 	如果你们前科像我一样不堪， 
You fight technology when you should embrace it.	当你应该接受技术时你却攻击它。
Derived from the post-mortem in the Paris hospitals. 	它起源于巴黎医院中的尸检。 
Not with my eyes it's true, 	我从未亲眼见过， 
Okay, I'm gonna give you 6 words, but you're wasting valuable time here. 	好了，我让你说6个词，但是你确实是在浪费时间。 
It remains to be seen what will transpire in europe, given the fact that officials are far from resolving the region's ongoing debt crisis.	由于欧洲决策层还远未解决地区债务危机，欧洲未来的走势尚有待观察。
Note this doesnt delete the related objects it just disassociates them.	这并不会删除关联的对象,仅是断开与它们的关联。
Control is very, very important because if I lost control of all these multi-millionaires in my dressingroom, I'm dead.	管理非常非常重要，因为如果管不住自己更衣室里的这帮千万富翁，我就完了。
Level with me. Did we suck?	对我说实话，我们是不是很糟？
I didn't set you up! You set yourself up! 	我没有陷害你！是你自己陷进去的！ 
Sure I can. I can even win for our class.	当然会。我甚至能为我们班赢得比赛。
Mom? What are you - 	妈？你来 -  
I'm starting to feel guilty here.	我有点愧疚了啊
Look, he didn't - he didn't mean it, OK? 	他不是-不是故意的好吧？ 
The task is in the charge of comrade li.	这项工作由李同志负责。
Tonight is just for color. 	今天来就是留个印象。 
don't let me down Margaret.	别让我失望，玛格丽特。
0nce the door is open! Remember - 	把你们的手榴弹扔进去！但是记着 -
Since it also said the number of cars would be controllable, it originally dismissed toll-free measures as unnecessary.	高工局认为这个车流量还在控制内，原本认为免收费措施并非必要。
According to his mother, he spends all his time back here doing experiments in the shed.	据他妈妈说，他在这儿的时间都用于在车棚做实验。
I can't play the adoring wife anymore. 	我不能再扮演深爱丈夫的妻子 
You told me I was a ghost!	你告诉我说我是只鬼魂！
Is because I gumshoed.	可是我辛苦侦察弄回来的。
Did you see the scratch, Kenny?	你看到破的皮了吗，肯尼？
She left home.	她离家出走了。
You can specify that this dns zone accepts secure, nonsecure, or no dynamic updates.	您可以指定这个dns区域接受安全、不安全或非动态的更新。
He said he'd be back later--leastways, I theink he did.	他说他以后会回来的--至少我认为他说过。
And you had our entire future mapped out for us? 	你就为我们的未来规划好蓝图了？ 
When l think of the sea, l miss my dad.	当我看见海，我就想到父亲。
I don't even think I'm staying at my place tonight. 	我自己都不知道今晚能否睡自己那。 
I mean, this is a problem. don't you see this is a problem? 	我是说，这就是问题所在。你还不明白吗？ 
If the paint dries, 	如果涂料干了， 
But why do they need a volcano? Maybe.	但他们为什么需要维苏威火山？也许。
Of course. But I insist on being present during the interviews.	当然。但你们面谈时我必须在场
Thinly sliced deli-style pastrami, swiss and mozzarella cheeses, thousand island dressing, sauerkraut and toasted caraway seeds.	腌熏牛肉片,瑞士芝士及莫沙华那芝士,千岛沙律酱汁,酸菜及蒿籽。
Get up, the door there!	快，门那边！
I thought you might want to see me again. 	我以为你可能想再见到我。 
This is where her assistant works.	她的助手就是在这里面工作。
But she was alive when she left. Why was she there? 	但她是活着走出去的在你那干吗？ 
Oh, sir, sir, sir, that changes everything! 	哦，先生，先生，先生，这样一切都不同了！ 
Oh, you've got vision fever. 	你已经" 幻觉烧" 了。 
To want to close out my 201 file when this is over?	战后毁掉我的军事档案与现在划清界线？
But it wasn't anywhere near perfect.	可我却一点也不觉得。
It's Thanksgiving. 	今儿可是感恩节。 
Who was responsible? Talk immediately!	究竟怎么样？你快说！
But we'll be much safer drivers when we get back. 	但是我们回来的时候，开车会安全多了。 
Try to eat this at first. 	先尝尝这个。 
Now, if he chooses you to be his running mate, 	如果他选择你当他的竞选伙伴， 
It is not clear whether this man is to wrap around the person on the site.	目前尚不清楚，这名男子是否就是将包裹放在站台附近的人。
I waited eight minutes. What 	我等了8分钟。什么？ 
Round trip economy class air ticket between hong kong and zurich on ek.	来回香港及苏黎世之亚联酋航空经济客位机票。
Cause you believe. 	因为你相信。 
Oh, I'd be happy to. 	哦，乐意效劳。 
The day is yours 	今日是您的天下了 
Michael, let's talk about you. 	好了，麦克，谈谈你吧。 
To pull all those photos. I'll do it. 	去把照片翻出来。我去吧。 
By Aaron Monroe's event management company.	付款人是艾朗·门罗的项目管理公司
Oh, I may have pushed a thing a little too far, and now I'm not sure what you're going home to.	有件事我操之过急了，不知道你回家该怎么应对。
Please stop. He's a patient. 	先生，请你不要这样。他是病人。 
Your parents are here, in Russia?	你爸妈也在这在俄罗斯？
Trying to look in lon's eyes to see if I could even begin to understand	我试图看罗内蒂的眼睛看看我是不是能够开始了解
The only thing of consequence, is the life hereafter. 	唯一重要的是后世的人生。 
I tried a new tuna recipe, 	我尝试了一种新的金枪鱼做法， 
It's Mr arless, isn't it?	是阿莱斯先生，对吗？
Let's pause a little longer.	再停得稍微久一点。
You know I need to go.	你知道，我得去。
Here come the greatest players in history, 	即将上场的是有史以来最伟大的， 
Indeed, in many countries young girls and women are in no position to be abstinent.	确确实实，在许多国家里，年轻女子和妇女没有被置于节欲者的地位。
Is allowed ashore at Gibraltar. I know, captain.	在直布罗陀登岸。我知道，船长。
You'll fight... 	你足够的勇敢..... 
Pull, pull! Pull it like this. 	拉！拉！像这样。 
Because this sleep deprivation thing can be quite harmful. 	失眠对身体不好。 
I could support a law that would make gpl-covered software's source code available in the public domain after 5 years, provided it has the same effect on proprietary software's source code.	我可以赞同可以使带有通用公共许可证的软件的源代码在5年以后被公开的法律，假如这个法律对专有软件的源代码同样有效的话。
Do you want to hug it out or summat?	你不想拥抱一下什么的？
If you see anything, I want you to blast it. 	如果你看到了什么，就开枪。 
Intuitively, yes, but,  mathematically, no.	以直觉来说，是的，但是，从数学上，是不可能的。
But we got to get over all this personal stuff, Tenma. 	不过，我们不能意气用事天马博士 
don't give me that. No. 	别这么说我。不。 
Alive till your term ends. - You don't scare me. 	你如何保命。- 你别吓唬我。 
I don't like putting it in my mouth. It makes me want to puke. 	我不喜欢把那玩意放进嘴里。那么做我会想吐。 
I sued them.	我提起诉讼了。
Examples of drugs in the class are lamivudine, entecavir and adefovir.	这类药物的例子包括拉米夫定、恩替卡韦及阿德福韦。
To decrypt the xml element, simply call the decryptdocument method, which automatically retrieves the x.509 certificate from the store and performs the necessary decryption.	若要对xml元素进行解密，只需调用decryptdocument方法，此方法将从存储区中自动检索出x.509证书，并执行必要的解密。
No. I did. Oh, well, we could go for a coffee now? 	是啊，我们现在就去喝杯咖啡吧？ 
The commission's original judge, justice mary laffoy, resigned from her post in 2003 over claims that the department of education, which was in charge of inspecting the orphanages and industrial schools, was holding back documents from her inquiry.	委员会前法官玛丽.拉夫埃2003年因声称负责检查孤儿院和技工学校的教育部在她的调查中掩盖文件辞职。
Someone said that yeoju is a good place to retire, 	别人说骊州是退休后的好去处， 
This bloke is lying on his deathbed, surrounded by his weeping wife and his four children.	这家伙躺在他临终的床上，围着他的哭泣的是他的妻子和他的四个孩子。
My feelings? Okay, now you're attacking my feelings?	我的感受？好吧现在你又在攻击我的感受了？
We could tear it down...	我们是可以毁了这房子。。。
Concerned at the failure to respect the inviolability of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives,	关切外交和领事使团和代表不容侵犯的原则未获尊重，
Scientists say there are ten other reasons why people just keep getting bigger.	科学家们说，另有十条原因可以解释人们为什么不停的变胖。
Bartram, give me my pistol.	巴特姆，把手枪给我。
Since I have my kids for the next two days, 	因为我家孩子还得随我待两天 
My rail journey has at last brought me to Cornwall.	我的铁路之旅终于将我带到了康沃尔。
Tyres are made of a combination of natural and synthetic rubber to provide the grip and endurance required by carmakers.	轮胎是由天然橡胶和合成橡胶混合制成，用以提供汽车制造商所需要的抓地力和耐用性。
Look, if he likes to look at the wrapping, 	如果他喜欢看包装， 
And, after you and I share a wild night of passion, I go on with my life. 	我们俩再来一个美妙的一夜情，然后各自继续生活。 
Sorry I missed your call, honey, I was blasting the radio and didn't hear my phone. 	抱歉，亲爱的，电台音量太响了。没听到你电话。 
You can reduce the sedation, give him zolpidem.	你能减少镇静剂给他催眠药物。
All exits have been sealed. Look, I really gotta go. 	所有出口已封锁听着，我真得走了。 
It was sniper fire. 	有狙击手开火。 
Let alone be able to make it this far?	更别说能做到这一步呢？
It's only I'm hungry, and they brought me this. 	只是我饿了，结果他们端来这个。 
Hey, let me just say this. - no. 	嘿，让我说句话。- 不。 
Even though a source tells me that you received a number of e-mails	因为有消息称你从医院其他员工处收到了一些电邮
Environment you've got for kids like Riley or even John here.	关于约翰和莱利成长环境。
Protected storage could not add your password.	受保护的存储区无法添加您的密码。
Astanga Yoga is a therapeutic physical exercise that focuses on breathing and relaxation.	八步功法瑜伽注重呼吸和放松，是一种舒缓身心的锻炼方法。
I've gotta do a C - section now, but she's still on blood thinners from our procedure.	我得做剖腹产，但针对我们上一个手术她现在还在用抗凝剂。
You know how to run an op. 	你知道怎么完成行动。 
I've had just about enough from you. Who do you think you are, God himself? 	我已经受够你了你以为你是谁，上帝救世主？ 
I told you, I came straight from practice.	我不是告诉你了吗，我直接从训练场过来的。
I'd have a good reason why 	我确有个好理由 
Nine days old. Boy. 	九天．大男孩。 
Can you get it for me now?	你能现在给我么？
The talks themselves started to get stuck on a handful of difficult issues: developing countries wanting to protect vulnerable smallholder farmers and exclude whole industrial sectors from across-the-board tariff cuts.	谈判本身也开始陷入了一些难题：发展中国家想要保护脆弱的小农，将整个工业行业都排出在关税削减范围之外。
You like what you see, huh? 	喜欢你看到的这个么，恩？ 
Was making a fast buck. 	比之更甚的就只有赚快钱了。 
To stay available for the next few days. 	把接下来几天空出来。 
I'm saving it up to make you something special,	我想留下来给你做个特殊用品，
I don't care who knows I'm here. 	我不在乎谁知道我在这。 
Taken by over 30 'microscopists' using a variety of powerful microscopes, the book charters a voyage through a miniature world showing the unlikeliest parts of our lives in minuscule detail.	30多位“显微镜工作者”利用各种强大的显微镜，穿行在微型世界，揭示了我们生活中最不可能接触部分的微小细节。
Mr. popper always has a plan.	波普先生总是有计划的。
I had to wait till you came out. Help.	我只能等你出来了救命。
You missed it last time after the medical checkup. 	上次医审以后你就错过一次了。 
Hey, bro, I just proved the historical truth 	喂，哥哥，我现在不过是在证明一件历史真理罢了 
Of course, if my deception has altered your intentions...	但是，我还是吸引了你来。
It is founded, he says, on "shared values, deep and interwoven connections, and mutual interests".	他说，“共同的价值观、千丝万缕的联系和互惠互利”是美以关系的基础。
His trainer Burgess Meredith makes him train as a righty.	他的教员伯吉斯·梅雷迪恩把他当右撇子训练。
Well, see, if I was, the programwouldn't let me be your sponsor. 	嗯，看，如果我是协会的，不可能让我当你的互助伙伴的。 
He has difficulty putting his feelings into words.	他很难用言语来表达感情。
But we've gone through... 	但我们好不容易。 
Because we want both,	因为我们两个都想要，
Get ready for battle.	准备好迎接挑战吧。
Quite simply, gentlemen, 	很简单，先生们， 
Go on, admit it - you love it. 	得了，承认吧 - 你心里可喜欢尸研所了。 
But when arriving at other attack locations like schools, the police should try to put more immediate pressure on the perpetrator.	但当赶到诸如学校这样的袭击场所时，警察应对犯罪者施加更多紧迫的压力。
The market for owner-occupied homes remains weak, but construction of multi-family residential units, which are attractive to renters, may end the year up over 50% from 2010.	自有住房市场依旧疲软，但与2010年相比，对租客具有吸引力的多户型住房建筑有望在年底增长50%。
Why should any investor rely on any default insurance from european authorities who heatedly deny that greece is in default?	投资者为何要把自己的命运押在极力否认希腊违约的欧洲当局提供的违约保险上呢？
Which database?	哪个资料库？
You're gonna go home to an empty house	你要回到那个空荡荡的家
I have a business opportunity I want to discuss with you.	我刚好有个合作机会想和你谈谈。
That would pay a fortune for even a minute amount of it.	会花大笔钱来买那么一丁点的量。
A mammal, such as the bat, that is a member of the order chiroptera and has forelimbs modified as wings.	翼手目动物如蝙蝠等属于翼手目的哺乳动物，其前翼进化成翅膀。
I'm interested in someone else. 	我对别人才有兴趣。 
But, my poor girl, nothing is beyond my control. 	我可怜的小姑娘，什么事都在我的掌控下。 
A simulated battle for training military commanders.	为了军事训练而进行的模拟作战。
Can't you lay with me, Spartacus?	你不能和我一块睡吗，斯巴达克斯？
Such a marker would also benefit the organisers of clinical trials.	这样的指标对于临床试验的组织也有帮助。
So we're ringing all the mobile phones. Thanks for telling me. 	所以我们正在打通所有的移动电话。谢谢你告诉我这件事情。 
I'm going to get that crystal back. 	我要把水晶拿回来。 
He pledged continued spending on subways, bridges and parks, but somewhat less largess.	他承诺继续在地铁、桥梁和公园的建设上投资，但是但规模会减小。
Accomplish connotes the successful completion of something, often of something that requires tenacity or talent.	暗示成功地完成某事，常指需要坚韧与才能来完成的事。
So did she really love me? 	她真的爱我吗？ 
Actually, I gotta be honest. I don't think I'm coming back. 	其实，坦白的说。我想我不会回来了。 
She was looking for someone to go to the show with. 	她想找个人和她一起去看展览。 
So why then do we reject the impermanence of the ever-changing universe when it comes to our own lives?	所以，为什么我们要拒绝这千变万化的宇宙中的无常，当它来到我们身边时？
This article begins from the difference between the digital library numeral library and the traditional library in intellectual property rights protection, carrys on the analysis on the knowledge question to the digital library construction, and has discussed the solution way.	本文从数字图书馆与传统图书馆知识产权保护的差异着手，对数字图书馆建设中面临的知识产权问题进行了分析，并对解决路径进行了探讨。
And all I could smell was the violence in the air...	在空气中只能闻到血腥的气味...
We don't have that up North. 	我们北方可没有。 
I seen him and a bunch of other pinks	他跟其他一些镖师
Oh, I know. That's why it's not cash. 	我知道。所以送花给你。 
Greater than you even. 	比你都厉害。 
Views from the 400 rooms and suites at the fullerton are unrivalled in singapore.	在新加坡浮尔顿酒店的400间客房和套房的意见是无与伦比的。
As this storm makes TTS way across the delta, starting overnight.	暴风雨今晚将登陆三角洲。
Well... If you're right. 	嗯……假如你是对的。 
But what it means is that you get one side of the room 	意思就是你住在房间一边 
Um, tell dad thanks.	呃，帮我谢谢爸。
We knew this would be hard for you to hear. 	我们知道这对你来说很难接受。 
No, you don't want to hear it.	你不想听啊？
all right, let's get	好的，我们把照片发布出去
The most serious policy, you don't have me covered for.	我说我还没有，保最重要的险。
Prices for market-rate homes have also more than doubled since the project was completed in 2000.	自项目于2000年完工以来，该地市价住宅的价格已经翻了一倍多。
Well, we gotta make a decision. I'm not sure. 	我们得做个决定。我不确定。 
At her bachelorette party last weekend. 	是上个星期告别单身晚会上她的姐妹送的。 
If you got married with an illegal document, 	如果你用非法证件结婚， 
Guys,I got a new car!	伙计们，我有新车了！
My feelings - my feelings exactly.	我有这种感觉 -  我确实有这种感觉。
The boo birds have started flying. They want action from these fighters. 	嘘声连连。观众要看他们真打。 
You know, my last day is coming up fast.	你知道吗，我的实习期快满了。
But that is meaningless speculation.	但那时无意义的推测。
And he grew	他长啊
I just booked you on the tonight show, lead guest.	我刚给你和 今夜脱口秀 节目预约，首席嘉宾哦。
Today caves remain the least explored places on earth. 	今天洞穴仍是地球上人类最少涉足的地方。 
Which I treated with diphenhydramine. 	我加了点盐酸苯海拉明来镇静。 
Always showing them things and teaching them this and that	总是给她们看些玩意教她们这个那个的
Tommy, be quiet, please? 	托米，安静点，求你了？ 
I don't bicker. No? 	斗嘴？我不会斗嘴的？ 
Ten a. M. Heck.	早上10点阿。
Does it like games? Does it, does it? Does it like to play?	看上去像游戏吗？像吗，像吗？他想玩吗？
And I just need to learn how to balance that with equally important things to me in my life.	我需要学习怎样把工作和生活中其它一样重要的事情。
Hey, does this tie say "my client's guilty"? 	嘿，这个会约束我说" 我客户有罪" 吗？ 
In the experiment, scientists from the university of bristol grew a layer of cells and exposed one side to cobalt-chromium nanoparticles.	在这项实验中，英国布里斯托尔大学的科学家们培养了一层细胞，将一面暴露于钴铬纳米粒子。
She's on in one minute. Where is that girl? 	只有一分钟就要上场了。这孩子跑哪去了？ 
Welfare benefits had never been available to workers on strike but their dependants ( i.e. spouses and children) had been entitled to make claims in previous disputes.	罢工工人从来都不享受福利待遇，但他们的家属（即配偶和子女）在以前的劳资纠纷中都有权申请福利。
The mayor's cat is missing. 	市长的猫不见了。 
Goldman's shares are valued less richly than those of competitors it so obviously outwits. Moreover, investment banks are less highly valued than less glamorous commercial banks and retail brokerage firms.	高盛的股份不如那些显然是投机取巧的竞争对手，而且，投资银行们比那些缺乏魅力的商业银行和零售经纪公司有更低的价值。
yes, and Helen is giving out the cutest party favors.	对，海伦送的派对礼物太棒了。
Can I hold the legs? 	我抬她的腿行吧？ 
Oh, you want the best I got? 	你想要我最好的建议？ 
We will where's the fire?	会去的热情都去哪儿了？
Listen, even if you are becoming a nun...	听着，即使你要成为一个修女……
Formulated for horses. 	它是为马设计的。 
But he borrowed heavily from loan sharks, and started to run into repayment difficulties this year, according to a friend of mr. wei's and people in baotou's real-estate industry.	但据魏刚的一个朋友和包头房地产业内人士说，魏刚从高利贷者手中借了很多钱，今年开始还款出现困难。
And just what did the police do when you fed them this peculiar piece of info gristle ?	当你把这个情报漏洞反馈给警察时他们什么反应？
Yeah, I'm just on probation till I'm 25,	是啊，不过在25岁前我都处于缓刑期
Oh, well, that shouldn't be too much of a problem.	哦，那就很麻烦了。
Just can't get a handle on it. 	只是这种感情你是无法自控的。 
When he's won so much. We have to say that. 	因为他赚了这么多钱。 
I'll find out if we can take a makeup class.	我看我们还是另选一个美容课吧。
Very attentive staff -,our check in experience was wonderful,- superb,bar is very classy,a short taxi ride to 	工作人员细心，入住快，超棒，酒吧一流，打车很快就到 
What, who is? - the bartender. 	什么，谁？- 那个酒保 
As soon as we got off that bus, 	我们一下车， 
She sent him a letter.	她写信给他了。
Why was she transferred? 	为什么被调走？ 
How many pills? A bunch. Do not change the subject.	你吃了多少药？一把。别转移话题。
You might as well just call them and tell them	你可能也只是打个电话告诉他们
Too soon - yeah. 	很快就来- 哦。 
In difficult situations, this supplier is willing to provide us aid and support.	当有困难时，此供应商愿意援助我们。
Let's take a short break for lunch. 	让我们休息一会儿，去吃午饭。 
He had been riding in Hyde Park, but felt unwell as he was being driven back to his office late this afternoon.	他一直在海德公园骑自行车，后来感到不舒服，近黄昏时被人开车送回办公室。
But by God, it's well within my right to administer fiscal disciplinary reprimand.	但以主的名，我绝对有权执行财政惩戒。
But I think we got to lift this mood yeah? 	但我们现在不应该高兴一点吗？ 
Can I see her? Can he see me? What are you -? Stop. 	我能看见她吗？他能看见我吗？你在干 - ？住手。 
The whole family's there - grandkids, everybody.	一大家人聚在一起三代同堂。
Get out now! Take the ticket somewhere else 	出去，去别地方兑换 
Sounds Asian. Single occupancy. 	像是亚洲人的名字。单间。 
You have something to drink?	有什么喝的没有？
That before venturing into space, 	在探索太空之前， 
Stop by at pine and Williams today! 	今天不要太辛苦了！ 
Maybe so a few more people I don't know can hear? 	所以也许别人就能听到了？ 
Do you want my balloon? 	你想要我的气球吗？ 
On influence of conceptual art on "chinese oil paintings"	论观念艺术对"中国油画"的影响
It might also spark fresh consumer price inflation.	刺激措施还可能引发新一轮消费价格通胀。
She tried to kill me.yes, she did. And you know what?	她想杀了我没错她很想你知道么？
In order to improve service and reduce costs, mobile operators and manufacturers would like to deliver feature upgrades and patches to a handset's firmware through an over-the-air mechanism.	为改进服务并降低成本，移动运营商和制造商希望通过无线机制提供手持设备固件性能升级和补丁程序。
I had it under control. - right.	一切都在我掌控之下。-切。
Then why doe he keep turning away?	那他为什么总是躲躲闪闪的
We really should get to know each other first as friends or pen pals. 	我们真的应该先做个朋友或者笔友。 
Then why leave her alone in the village? 	为什么把她一个人留在石头乡？ 
Some payment providers charge hefty fees, arguing that this is the only way to make the economics work given few subscribers and low-value transactions.	一些支付方式提供商要价十分高，解释说考虑到没有什么捐款人和交易的低回报性，这是唯一让公司运营下去的方式。
In my desk in the top right - hand drawer, you'll find an object.	在我桌子右手最上面的抽屉，找个东西。
And some of the families of Gacy's victims are present for the execution.	一些盖西案受害者家属前来旁观行刑。
Digital records have been corrupted and the ballistics report. 	数字记录被销毁了弹道检测报告也是。 
I feel a hardness in my right breast.	我右胸有硬物。
He rode a shipment of machines in the truck on his return trip.	他开车回来时搭运了一批机器。
It was only that I didn't see 	只是我没想到解决 
From the Gilbert Rodeo Days to Big League Dreams Field, there's something for all guests nearby. 	从Gibert Rodeo Days至Big League Dreams Field，总有一款活动适合您。 
When they say a work is grossly unintelligible, they mean that the artist has said or made a beautiful thing that is new; when they describe a work as grossly immoral, they mean that the artist has said or made a beautiful thing that is true.	当他们说莫名其妙，他们的意思是艺术家曾表达，或作出一个新的美的东西；当他们说不道德，则是说艺术家表达或做出一个真实的美的东西。
Go back upstairs. I'm calling the police. 	上楼。我去报警。 
Bitch who gives everyone but not me.	是那些让其他所有人办却不让我办的婊子。
You can only prepare him.	你只能训练他。
Did you find your fugitive? 	抓到你的逃犯了？ 
You can come sit if you want. 	你想坐可以坐过来。 
If I lose, I'll resign. 	我要是败诉了，我——辞——职！ 
Wait, I think I can pop it with my fingernail!	等等，我想我可以用指甲把它捅破！
And, uh, I could never do that to the guy. You know, 'cause we're really good friends. 	所以我不能这样做你。知道，我们是很好的朋友。 
And I just want you to know that I love you.	我只想告诉你我爱你。
In-service certificate training course for rehabilitation personnel working for persons with intellectual disability.	为服务智障人士的康复服务工作员开设的在职证书培训课程。
If he's old enough to watch ‘the walking dead" with me... 	如果他能跟我一起看 ... 
But as much as I need to to make you comfortable with what we're doing.	但是我要你足够多得理解我们的生意的大概。
I was an elizabethan fruit fly.	我象只伊丽莎白时代的苍蝇。
I I hope you don't get upset. Well, you're here now... 	希望你别生气。你现在还没下班呀... 
That your immediate motive is that they should believe you.	你行为的直接动机都是希望他们相信你。
Possibly because you treat him better.	很可能是因为你对它更好。
Bush's good friend, James bath, was hired by the bin laden family... 	布什的好友巴斯，当时受雇于本·拉登家族... 
It will take us much time to tease out the really important things from this mass of detail.	我们要费很多时间才能从这一大堆琐碎的材料中整理出真正重要的东西。
Shuttle service for guests, nominal fee, to main airports in northern Italy. 	为客人提供班车服务，象征性收费，到意大利北部的主要机场。 
You just said you were a nerd.	哈你刚才管自己叫傻帽。
Tell your children about the women you admire most.	告诉你的孩子你最欣赏的的一位女性。
Finish up, dad. We have to go.	停手爸爸我们得走了。
Rejoice evermore! 	常常喜乐！ 
My sister is married to the king of a Mexican crime gang. 	我妹妹是墨西哥黑帮的压寨夫人。 
Because... You like the idea of... 	是因为...你很想... 
I want to be sure our personalities match.	我想确定我们合得来。
That would be my luck.	在塞了一辈子色拉后。
Right, we don't believe in that	是呀，我们不信风水的
People look at the past through rose-tinted glasses.	人用玫瑰色的眼镜看过去。
don't forget to wind your watch! 	别忘了给你的表上发条！ 
The last straw was spending mother's day at the office, because of looming trial deadlines at the law firm where I work.	最近，在我供职的律师事务所，因为一桩案子的最终审判期临近，导致我不得不在办公室里度过母亲节。
I'm having an affair with a married woman. 	我是和一个已婚女子有一腿。 
It's a medication for erectile dysfunction. 	是药伟哥。 
Okay. I gotta give him some change. 	好。我得给他找钱。 
That experience taught me that the principles of good management fall into two categories.	那段经历告诉我，优秀的管理原则可以分为两个大类。
I know you're watching this, you're the only one who can take me out of here, 	我知道你正在看这里，你是唯一可以带我离开这里的人了， 
If his opponents refuse to back down, mr stournaras will be forced to make deeper cuts in pensions, which have already been pared back by more than 20% in the past two years.	如果这项提议的反对者们坚决不肯退让，雅尼斯将不得不在养老金上削减更多，但养老金在过去的两年内已经减少了20%。
To someone else as Gus has been to me... 	那你也就是伟大的... 
Ah, that almost makes me want to forgive you for being an islanders fan. 	几乎让我想要原谅你是岛人队的粉丝了。 
I'm shaking my shadow hand  	我与我的影子握手 
Call Harling, he's got a wheelchair? 	打给哈林，他有轮椅吗？ 
And they had sent a cavalry in order to stop the convoy.	他们派出一支骑兵队来拦截。
Whirlpool in the Suite 	套房中的按摩浴缸 
In Hassan's limousine earlier today. 	愿意死在哈桑的车里。 
Eight, nine, ten. It's over. - you can do this.	八，九，十，比赛结束。- 你能做到。
Such things are hidden in all of our brains. 	如此东西所有人都潜藏在脑瓜中的。 
This review comprehensively analyzed the mechanism of tcm on delaying senility in recent years.	文章就近年来中药延缓衰老作用机制的研究进展进行综合分析。
This problem is less acute in mortgage-backed securities, which holders of all stripes have been more willing to write down.	抵押贷款证券的问题则不那么严重，各种证券持有者都更加希望进行销减。
I'm heading out to bury them right now. 	我正要去把他们埋掉。 
You tell them l was coming back?	你告诉他们我回来了？
He wanted you to find the body. 	他就想让你们找到尸体。 
He knew I wasn't working. He left me with no income.	他知道我没有工作他什么也没留给我。
Nice, healthy, well - built girl. 	健康，丰满的，女孩。 
We called first. 	我们先打电话的耶。 
How to swim? Sort of.	学游泳？算是吧。
Leave and earnings statement.	休假和收入记录。
I knew it. I should have called in sick today 	我就知道。今天我本应该打电话请病假的 
My lawyers... - what as?	我的律师们... 哪方面的？
If that's true, read it out. 	如果是真的，把它念出来。 
David is called the psalmist because he is believed to be the author of the book.	大卫被称为赞美诗作者，因为他被确信是圣歌书作者。
I heared someone laughing.	我听见有人在笑。
It's worth $300.	它值三百。
When he showed up at her room the next morning.	当他第二天早上出现在她房间门口的时候。
Look, I'm not defending who Brooke was.	我不是在维护原来的布鲁克。
Uh, heart attacks, terrorism,	呃，心脏病，恐怖主义，
So I got to take care of the kids between my jobs. 	我在上班之余还要照顾孩子。 
When a computer insists that you owe the government money, your car is illegally parked or you do not exist, unscrambling the problem ismuch harder.	但是如果是电脑说你欠了政府的钱、你的车是非法的、或者说你这个人根本不存在，解决这些问题要困难的多。
Come on, Steve, let's go. 	得了吧，斯蒂夫，我们走。 
Their politics were a strange brew of idealism and self-interest.	他们的策略是理想主义和利己主义奇特的组合。
No, better stay out of it 	别，最好别管 
But I turned it down so I could come here and study communications. 	但我后来放弃了为了能来此学习交流专业。 
Why revisit this history now?	为什么此时要重温历史？
What viIIage do you suggest?	你建议去哪个村庄？
A school inspector is on his way. 	学校巡视员就要来我们学校了。 
I promised his grandmother I'd look out for him. 	我向他的祖母发誓我会看好他的。 
I'm starting to sweat.	我开始出汗了。
My face doesn't have two testicles sticking out of it!	我的脸上又没长着两个睾丸！
What? It was a disaster. He called her a woman. 	什么？这是个灾难。他叫她女人。 
I think you think you're smart enough to use a phone, you think wouldn't be traceable. 	我觉得你是自认聪明认为自己不会被追踪到。 
Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce to you our Kansas state senator and future U.S.Senator	女士们先生们，现任堪萨斯州参议员未来的国会参议员
Would I ever?	我可以吗？
The impressive shark assembly proves they will gather for the right reasons. Food now appears to be the draw.	这次鲸鲨的聚集证明了它们是为了某些正当的理由，食物成为最主要的原因。
It ''s not for Stockholm, miss. It’s the 1 630 flight,	不是去斯德哥尔摩，小姐。是16：30的机票，
Donnie, how does it feel? 	丹尼尔感觉怎么样？ 
Run! Take the babies! Go to your rooms!	快跑！带上小孩！到你们的屋子里去！
We cannot be at ease if we are stuck in our dreams and ignorance.	如果我们困在梦境和无明中，我们便不能自在。
Rooms with one or two queen beds 	1张床的大床房或者2张床的大床房 
You of all people act appalled. 	你还真会装啊。 
And like a sleepwalker 	他如同梦游一般 
I'm recelving a message. 	我收到了一个信息。 
Hi. Looking for a room? 	嗨。您要订房吗？ 
You know, there hasn't been music playing for, 	你知道，已经有大概十分钟， 
The descendant selector is the most expensive selector in css.	后代选择器是十分大开销的东西。
So do I, I can't imagine... 	我也是，我无法想像... 
I'm sure she's just running a few moments late.	她肯定是来晚了。
You're mad! It's impossible to do both at the same time.	你疯了不成！不可能同时做的。
While it is easy to blame external forces and speculators for rising commodity and food prices, an underlying problem is that india's food distribution system is highly inefficient, with extensive spoilage and high price mark-ups at different stages.	把大宗商品及粮食价格持续上涨归咎于外部因素和投机者固然省事，但根本问题是，印度的粮食分配制度极其低效，在不同阶段造成了大量毁损和价格高企。
So, you're telling me that you burn trees on arbor day? 	所以你们植树节时烧树吗？ 
I'm Eliza Thornberry, part of your average family.	我叫伊莱扎。丝朗柏瑞，生长在一个普通家庭。
And when I say they, 	我指的那个人就是， 
Where's Kramer?	克拉玛呢？
I brought her here to lucena, to her parents.	我把她带回露奇纳她父母家。
And I was on my way again.	我又上路了。
I'm sorry you boys got mixed up in this. 	很抱歉把你们卷进来。 
Now you are on the right street and you just have to drive straight for half a kilometer to the BEST WESTERN Hotel Rallye. 	现在您就到了右边的街道，您只需直行0.5公里就能到达拉力贝斯特韦斯特酒店。 
In the hunt for a supernova, 	即便是寻找超新星， 
Well, it will cost you... 	嗯，你就付我... 
It was found that individual differences of seals were very minor, if the settingconditions of pressure, paint, paper and underlay were considered, the discrimination of imprints of different seals from "the same printing plate" was very difficult, if not impossible.	研究发现，相同条件下制作的“同版”印章的个体差异十分微小，如果考虑到各种盖印条件下，这些印章盖印印文特征的变化范围，“同版”印章印文的检验是十分困难的，甚至是不可能的。
my towel just fell.	哇我的毛巾掉了。
She falls, lies on the floor, bleeding.	她倒下了流着血，躺在了地板上。
Pretty entertaining out there today, huh? 	今天很高兴，是吧？ 
Gathering requirements is fundamental for deciding what to do and how.	收集需求是决定做什么和怎么做的基础。
Well, I'm not your son here, either, dad.... Frank. 	嗯，赌场无父子，老爸…弗兰克。 
Okay, night, Chuck - see you in the morning.	好的，晚安，查克- 早上见。
I do. Look at you.	我真的想，看看你。
He's a tech scammer Internet fraud, identity creation. 	他是个技术罪犯网络诈骗，做假身份。 
My friends don't treat me the same way as they used to. 	我朋友不再像以前那样对待我。 
Estimates suggest box may seek an ipo valuation between$ 2-3 billion.	外界预测Box可能寻求进行IPO，估值为20-30亿美元。
Those early protests sparked a crackdown and exposed a deep sectarian divide.	这些早期的抗议者引起了一次镇压，暴露了深伏的宗教分歧。
What was found. 	把找到的东西据为己有的许可。 
Among the incredible treasures buried with the Lord of Sipan	在溪畔主令人惊叹的随葬宝物中
Listen we have a warrant here	听着我们这里有授权令
You're in danger, OK? I'm trying to expIain something.	你很危险，好吗？听我解释。
Child: mommy, why are those pirates trying to drown that poor latino mayor while his wife calls him a chicken?	孩子：妈妈，当那个拉丁船长的妻子说他是一个胆小鬼的时候，那些海盗为什么要把那个船长淹死啊？
Too bad for me, huh?	很不适合我是吗？
Appreciate you coming down. 	很感谢你能来。 
Get that old ass of yours in the end zone!	让你那把老骨头冲过底线区
This article first appeared on wired.com april 24, 2008.	这篇文章最早于2008年4月24日出现在wired.com上。
The day of the vernal equinox, the first day of spring.	日，这是春分或者说春天的第一天。
We'll be continuing to follow throughout the day. 	我台将全天跟踪报导。 
Sir, who is your senior chief of staff? Mike Novick. 	先生，谁是你的主管？迈克诺威克。 
You're not fooling anyone with that phony disguise.	你用这种伪装是骗不了任何人的。
We've got a young woman seriously ill.	我们有严重有病的一个年轻的女人。
In may, a jackson county judge gave the infant to a couple ( it is unclear if for foster care or adoptive purposes) who reportedly live in ocean springs.	五月，杰克逊郡法官把女婴判给了家住ocean springs的一对夫妇，是领养还是寄养并不清楚。
Some overpriced suit from the upper East. 	上东区来的穿高级西装的家伙。 
Can you move?	不能动么？
You are not here to cry about the miseries of the human condition, but to change them when you find them not to your liking through the joy, strength and vitality that is within you; to create the spirit as faithfully and as beautifully as you can in flesh.	你们在此不是为了抱怨人类的不幸处境，而是当你们发现它不如你们的意时，去用你们所拥有的欢乐、力量和活力改变它；去尽可能忠实和完美地在肉身中创造灵魂。
We saw the captain okay, we fought 	我们看排长没事，也拼命的杀 
Fairies in kingdoms across the land, 	所有的这片土地上的精灵们， 
I'll go and get a divination 	我去求签了 
Some products, such as asparagus, corn, and strawberries, respire at a higher rate than other products, such as apples, oranges, and potatoes.	一些农产品，比如芦笋、玉米和草莓，与其它农产品（如苹果、桔子和马铃薯）相比，其呼吸速率较大。
There is little chance, for instance, that western businessmen will be able to walk freely in downtown baghdad or even drive from their homes to their offices without armoured support and bodyguards.	举例来说，像西方商人可以自由的行走在巴格达郊区甚至在没有武装人员护送的情况下从家里开车到办公地点，都几乎没有任何的可能性。
Lake O' the Pines is a traditional destination for many people, filled with excellent swimming, hiking, and fishing spots. 	松树湖对许多人来说是一个传统的旅游目的地，这里充满有趣的游泳、远足和钓鱼地点。 
It's about the funding for my research. 	我是想说我研究赞助的事。 
Experts fear the north's punggye-ri underground complex is about to host a nuclear test.	专家们担心北朝鲜准备在丰溪里的地下设施中进行一次核试验。
It was Oh daesu's tongue	是吴大秀的长舌
Japan takes the extreme step of withdrawing from the U. N,	日本反抗，最后更脱离联合国监管，
Her butt is like a big mountain of pudding. 	她的屁股像一大块布丁 
This column has previously mentioned many other incidents resulting from improper use of machine translation.	本专栏先前也曾提到过由于不当使用机器翻译所造成的许多其他事件。
I'm not sure quite how.	我想搞清楚。
I thought I knew you too, Luc. 	我以为我也了解你，吕克。 
But perhaps from childhood to the leaders and then to my boss can become a general line, but they need many years, how much time it?	但或许从小工到领袖再到老板可以成为我的一条大体路线，但是又需要多少年，多少时间呢？
And I would really like you in my life for that	我很的很希望你能在我身边支持我
Let's get the lady some h2o.	咱们来给那位女士一点帮助。
What do I care? What's my name?	我关心什么？我的名字？
A successful launch of a taepodong-2 would raise anxiety to new levels in the us, whose territory would theoretically be in the communist regime's firing line for the first time.	大浦洞2号的成功发射也会加剧美国的恐慌，因为国土将第一次在理论上处在共产党政权的火线上。
Relationships are about compromise. 	夫妻关系讲究的是互相妥协。 
Who would want to lay off a star performer?	谁会愿意裁掉一位明星员工？
OK, now this is a little tricky	好吧，这玩意有点小花样
They sit plump and bursting with life, spilling over with the chaos of existence itself.	这些小说中有着丰满充盈的生命，又充斥着嘈杂喧嚷的生活。
All right. Not to worry.	好吧。别担心了。
Might have been left - handed.	可能是左撇子。
Yeah, well, good riddance! All right? Who needs you? Huh?	对呀，反正眼不见心不烦！谁需要你你走呀？
Are could be again. 	也可以再次成为朋友。 
The limited nominal rigidities implies they are usually successful in negotiating higher wages.	有限名义刚性意味着，他们在谈判较高工资上通常会成功。
Taking care of his little sister. 	在照顾小妹妹。 
You need to be available for any location in the state.	你要在州里来去自如。
From my perspective, you're kind of standing still.	以我观点看来，你有点静止不动。
He has control of the cabin. The pilot is landing the plane. 	他控制了驾驶舱飞机在迫降。 
Look, if we're gonna turn something around,	听着，如果我们要做好周转，
You're not... You're mad?	你不会…你生气了吗？
Word-processed documents are formatted in a different way from web pages.	文字处理文档的格式与web页面方式不同。
It's gonna be next to impossible to figure out who she was. 	几乎无法查出她的真实身份。 
Hey Frankie do you mind not talking to my fighter? 	嘿弗兰基你能不能让我跟我的拳手谈谈？ 
What was the fight about? 	为了什么争吵？ 
And I only have you to thank for that.	我非常感谢你让我意识到这点。
We've read Bambi about 1 00 times.	我们读巴姆比都一百遍了。
MS. Harper? Yes.	哈帕太太吗？对。
Writing helps clarify what god is doing in your life.	文字帮助我们澄清神在我们生命中的作为。
Damon. Damon, I'm so sorry to keep you waiting.	戴芒。戴芒，我很抱歉让你久等了。
I could rub your tummy. 	我可以搔搔你肚子上的痒。 
Hey, hey. Why Are you - why Are you different when you're away from all the other drag Queens? 	嘿，嘿。为什么你-为什么你离开其他男扮女装的演员就与众不同呢？ 
And she doesn't mean me.	她不是指我。
What, are you gonna steal one? 	什么办法偷一辆？ 
New information on tropos air flight 821,	最新消息有关坠毁于大西洋，
And a woman's ability, as well as her desire to self-stimulate...	女人的能力，包括她自慰的欲望...
I had an affair. So did he. 	我有外遇。他也有。 
The color - shifting ink on this bill might be. Take a look.	但这张假钞上的色变墨水或许可以告诉了我们点什么，来看一看。
How often has the latex - sheathed cock I put in my mouth... 	我放进自己口中的塑胶鸡巴要隔多长时间... 
Physiology of seed germination in seedless watermelon.	无子西瓜种子发芽生理研究。
But I'm going to make sure that your friends are OK. 	但是我会保证你的朋友没事的。 
The mainland sounds flitterific!	大陆听起来棒极了！
Today, all three models are available although, unless you're a u. s. firefighter, h-back suspenders are pretty rare.	今天，所有三种模式可供选择-尽管，除非你是一个美国消防队员，h型背吊带是相当罕见的。
And tell them what's there.	他们想让我们查查地址然后告诉他们什么在那。
don't be afraid. I'll stay with you until your little friend gets back. 	别怕。我和你一起等你的小朋友回来。 
But the waiting list, forget it. 	但是名单上却没有我。 
Hell grant soon we hear again the swords clash!	地狱、已向我们保证：即刻再闻刀剑冲击！
won't he be pissed if we leave without him?	咱直接走他不会生气吗？
Majority leader. Race is tied. 	多数党领袖。不相上下。 
Ah, well, then, look at us.	啊，好吧，看看咱们三个。
Great. Jump on my back and relax the whole way.	好啊。跳到我背上来一路放轻松
My pledge bros and I forged the ultimate bond.	我的新人兄弟和我形成了最紧密的伙伴关系。
A heavy storm with thunder and lightning.	一场雷鸣电闪交加的大风暴。
Okay. Okay. Wait right here.  	好。好。在这儿等着。
I am grateful, you know, for the ill - conceived...	我很高兴，知道吗，这是因为你那些有毛病的想法...
That's our theory.	我们这么认为。
She knew there wasn't any money in there! 	她知道那里面根本没钱！ 
You know, maybe I should just make you my little assistant. 	你知道吧也许你以后可以当我的小助理。 
And pining for the girl that got away... 	想念那个逃脱的女孩... 
So, what are you, some nazi skinhead now?	所以你现在是什么，纳粹平头男？
And fixes all occurrences of, "I don't really see them together". 	也可以处理" 我看不出他俩有未来”。 
Today. Pont Neuf.	在巴黎。新桥。
I'm going back. Leave me alone. 	我要回去了别再找我了。 
By an extraordinary combination of exhortation command and executive action nehemiah restores covenantal discipline.	尼希米巧妙地结合劝诫，命令以及实际行动，恢复了人们对约的遵守。
And I hope that he is really proud of me in my performance tonight. 	希望今晚的表演能让他为我骄傲。 
Do you know the old womansitting under the tree?	你认识坐在树下的那个老太太吗?
Salomon's go-between on that deal, the man who negotiated with red light, was kevin blatt.	萨洛蒙穿针引线的那笔交易，策划红灯区的那个人，是凯文布拉特。
Crowds of young hispanic men loiter on street corners in the middle of the day.	成群的西班牙裔年轻人大中午在街角闲逛。
Before it's too late, before it's really too late.	在无可挽回之前，在真的无可挽回之前。
Why? 3 months ago he was injured in a solo car crash. 	为什么3个月前他在一次独车车祸中手上。 
Young master, there is a master Liao looking for you 	少爷，外面有位廖师傅找你 
Is it? Most computer programs help you arrive at decisions by ordering	是吗？大多数程序都通过排序和分析相关事实
Looks Iike you were right, kid.	孩子，被你说中了。
I don't want to have to. 	我也不想啊。 
I'll never forget these people. 	我永远也忘不掉这些人。 
Just sit down over there on those grain sacks. 	在那坐下。 
No, I wasn't following you, okay?	我不是跟踪你，好吗？
Adult tickets 12 and up $8 each 	12岁及以上的成人票：每人8美元。 
But make sure your mother doesn't mix her alcohol. 	但是别让你妈把酒混着喝。 
Hi, Dr. Gramm. Hi, Eva. 	你好，格拉姆博士。你好，伊娃。 
25, Russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said nato "should stop bombing civilian facilities against libya," he says, "no-fly zone means that the libyan air force can not use the airspace, but that does not mean no-fly zone attacks on ground facilities".	俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫25日表示，北约“应当停止对利比亚民用设施的空袭”，他认为“禁飞区的意思是，利比亚空军不能使用领空，但禁飞区并不意味着袭击地面设施”。
I stole nothing! He came to me! 	我什么也没偷！是他来找我的！ 
I did my one.you aren't mad, are you?	我做了我自己的你不生气吧？是吧？
Okay, 4:30.	好，就四点半。
You parked in the evening, went to the therapy...	你在晚上停了车去上理疗课，
Julia needs to book an open return ticket from beijing to japan for her business trip.	茱莉亚因公务须订购一张北京到日本的来回票。
I decided to have a few of your old friends transferred here to keep you company.	我决定把你的几个老朋友转到这跟你作伴。
He's here to look at your records. His court order gives him that right. 	他在这里查你的记录，法庭允许的。 
don't worry, I'll take it to my grave. 	别担心啦，我绝对不会说的。 
I fill out an application for a job that I already have. 	我提出一份旧有的工作申请表。 
He gave out a mighty roar, but he could not escape.	他发出威猛的怒吼声，却无法逃脱。
But without that photograph, we can't prove anything.	但没有那图片我们不能证明任何事。
I don't want whispered excuses. 	我不要听你编借口。 
If by family trouble, 	你说的家庭问题， 
I wouldn't do that to you. Come on. 	我不会那么做的。走吧。 
I only got close to that treasure once before 	我就有一次接近了那笔宝藏 
Jackson married twice, the first time to lisa marie presley, daughter of elvis presley, in an unusual union of pop music dynasties.	杰克逊结过两次婚，第一位夫人是丽莎玛丽普莱斯利，猫王艾尔维斯普莱斯利的女儿，真是流行音乐王朝的非凡联姻。
Doc's in the book. You get in trouble, call him. 	医生的电话在那个本子里。你要是遇到困难，打电话给他。 
Daily to-do list is the most common.	每日工作表最常用。
But it is condemned 	但当它一开始，就等于宣告结束 
The princess of Colonna's maid, for some time,	一段时间内科隆那王妃的女仆，
Such constraints make avoiding another panic all the more important.	这些限制更重要的是防止另一个恐慌。
She looked devastated. 	她好像很震惊的样子。 
There's no fingerprints on the guy anywhere.	不管怎样，我们都没有他的指纹。
We attached a condition to his admission to our school.	我们对准许他入我校附加一个条件。
That allows human life to existabccasually on the surface. 	使得人类能随便生存于其表面。 
Evening news reporter oprah winfrey couldn't help but get emotionally invested in her stories. Theproducer of baltimore's wjz-tv got fed up and pulled her off the air. As a consolation, he offered her a role on a daytime tv show.	晚报记者告诉奥普拉温弗瑞他不能帮她投资她的节目创意，巴尔的摩电视台的制片人wjz感到了厌烦视她如空气，算是一种安慰吧，他雇她主持一个日间电视节目。
don't throw dagger in here, ebony! We don't want trouble. 	别把岱葛丢进来，艾伯尼！我们不想找麻烦。 
Wait, if you came over here to be a cashier,	等等，可是如果你是来做结账员的，
When I was ambushed by a tribe of aloha pygmies. 	我中了一群侏儒的埋伏。 
Oh, it's over by the Cuisinart next to the stove. - what's your problem? 	噢，正躺在炉子旁边的厨具里呢。- 你怎么了？ 
Filtering your used cooking oil will eliminate the chunks of food and other particles before your begin your biodiesel homebrew process.	过滤用过的食用油可以在开始自制生物柴油前去除食物残渣和其他颗粒。
To the south, low-cost mexico is increasingly competitive vis a vis china; to the north lies energy-rich canada.	在南面，低成本的墨西哥相对于中国竞争力不断增强，北面还有能源大国加拿大。
As soon as she's out of the room,	她一离开房间，
Yes, cap 'n?	啊，船长？
I have her doppelganger. That's impossible. 	我有她的二重身。这不可能。 
Yeah, but I had a meeting today with the CEO. 	但是我今天和他们老板有约啊 
I'm short on friends; I need to hook me up.	我朋友不多；我需要帮我介绍。
Sure, he was faking the trip, technically, 	当然，他的旅行确确实实是假的， 
That the president was aboutto announce to the public 	总统要公开宣布 
Are you going to let me read it? 	你允许我读吗？ 
I can't do it, twink. 	我不能，特文克。 
We brought him to you.	我们带他来你这里。
I felt sloth like, even though I had been climbing fast in the red, and soon enough cut my finger.	即使我在red时一直爬的很有速度，此刻我却懒散乏力，而且没几下就伤了手指。
Boy, she has the cutest iittle overbite, don't you think?	伙计，她有一对可爱的深复牙
You good cop or the bad cop?	你唱红脸还是白脸?
It was the car that did it.	是那车干的。
Don't talk to me till you know what's going on, or get me someone who does!	你不知道就先别跟我说找知道的人来！
Been working for many years on how to design replacement parts	一直致力于设计出可替代的关节部分
That's six figures, easy.	值六位数。
Can't you recollect what our father's christian name was?	你记不得我们的父亲的教名是什么了吗？
Well, it's just four days until new year's Eve 1999!	离1999年新年前夜只有四天了！
What happened? Step away from her.	怎么回事？不要靠近她。
How's your book? Awesome.	你的书好看吗？很不错。
Now, it's very important that you do exactlywhat I'm about to tell you.	现在，你需要完全按照我的指示去做。
Way to slay the heart. 	太伤人心了。 
I'm educated now, man. 	我也是文化人了，现在。 
By a hamburger when I have steak at home?	在家我有牛排等着，怎么会要这里的汉堡包呢？
All right, see you guys tomorrow.	好，明天见各位。
I don't want to make friends with him because he is a two-faced person.	我不想和他交朋友，因为他是个表里不一的人。
But that doesn't mean you can't put on a good face while she's here.	但这不代表说你不可以在她面前强颜欢笑。
His campaign organization began churning out tracts and posters.	他的竞选组织开始迅速炮制大量小册子和标语。
Nano-Tex® can also be applied to highly textured and plush products maintaining the natural beauty of the fabric. 	Nano-Tex®也能够用于高质感的豪华产品，可保持织物自然美。 
We still have no proof of any fraudulent activity. Bullshit! 	依然没有任何证据表明他们在进行诈骗。狗屁！ 
If intending to reside in ireland you must both plan to live together.	如果打算长期在爱尔兰居留，夫妻双方必须要打算住在一起。
We all use facebook, but can the company get us to like it again?	我们还在使用Facebook，但我们能否再“喜欢”上它呢？
They haven't aged a day 	也不曾老去 
The monument to soviet central planning was supposed to have been a heap of surplus left boots without any right ones to match them. The great bull market of the past quarter century is commemorated by millions of empty houses without anyone to buy them.	如果说苏联的中央计划经济的纪念碑被认为是一堆过剩的只有左脚没有右脚的靴子，那么过去四分之一个世纪的牛市留下来的纪念物则是成千上万幢没人买的空房子。
You need to chase it up. 	你就得去催他们。 
Consequently, ways have been found to detect whether athletes have boosted their red blood cells through transfusion.	结果，有一些检测运动员是否通过输血提升红血球数目的方法问世了。
Is take this waII and just turn it this way... 	我要把这堵墙像这样转过来。 
Oh, no. I'm serious. Who knows?	我认真的。谁知道啊？
Tell me: why is she really to die?	告诉我：处死她的真正原因是什么？
Cool, coed, yeah. 	不错啊，共用的。 
It might require a little improvisation	可能还需要点改进
You could meet men there. There'll be plenty.	你在那也可以结识男生的。那有很多男生。
I am finished with this... You're in my office. 	我不想再说了...你在我办公室里。 
And I will be right there to feast on whatever scraps 	我就在那里捡他们把你残食后的碎片 
You know what, I'm crippled.	你知道吗，我是个瘸子。
I can't just pluck him from everything 	我不能因为自己需要一个目标 
She seems to have a fixation about someone called tony.	她似乎迷恋上了一个叫托尼的人。
With this sonar, even new operators are able to easily navigate their rov close enough for the video camera to inspect an area of interest.	有了这种声纳，即使是新手也能轻松驾驶他们的遥控船驶进摄像机的有效距离，去调查感兴趣的区域。
I did a lot of filming, 	我拍了很多片段， 
I really think so.	我真的是这么想的。
Consumer theory is to demand as producer theory is to supply.	正如生产者理论讨论供给，消费者理论是讨论需求的理论。
Wouldn't it have been easier to sign the first time?	一开始就签了不就好了？
Well, if it were me, I would probably assign someone	呃，如果是我，我可能会
The buyers are entitled to reinspect the goods upon arrival even through inspection has been made before shipment.	即使货物在装船前已经检验，买方也有权在货到时复验。
Or you can go out and spend it on glass,	或者拿着这些钱继续吸，
But he, when in a system, was in his element. 	但是他却一切都得心应手。 
But it would be much better if you could just relax now. 	如果你放松点，就会感觉好很多。 
Less a break, but, uh, more a plan. 	与其说是进展... 呃…… 不如说是计划。 
Somebody else picked up the body parts and dumped it. 	别人会把那些身体部件捡起来扔了吧。 
We will work with the financial services skills council to examine long-term skills needs and work with britain's world-class universities to redouble training.	我们将与金融服务技能委员会（financial services skills council）合作，审查长期技能需求，并与英国的世界级大学合作，加强培训工作。
And the chance to perform in Vegas.	竞争仍旧如火如荼。
Who has a son.	她有个儿子。
Pip stole the exam papers and he got me to put them in their rooms. 	是皮偷的考题然后他让我把它们放到他们的房间里。 
I don't hear a chopper. 	我没有听到直升机的声音。 
Maybe you should try staying off the damn road!	就从这条见鬼的马路上滚蛋！
Yes, it's a shame there's not a swab that can confirm that.	是的，可惜一个棉签可证明不了这个。
The Japanese nor the Nazi sources would exaggerate. 	是不会夸大的。 
She would have told me, right? Uh - huh, uh - huh. 	她肯定会告诉我的，对吧？嗯哼。 
Earlier this year, the tv comedian tried to get a future space station chamber named after him.	今年的早些时候，这位电视喜剧演员曾试图让未来的空间站以他的名字命名。
And I'll get the cash deposit to you by the end of next week. 	下周末前我给你打定金。 
But sometimes those vices can cause more problemsthan the original stress.	但有时这些坏习惯会带来更大压力。
No. I'm bothering you for bothering her.	不。我因为你骚扰她而骚扰你。
Uh, yeah, okay, we have a couple minutes.	呃，对，好吧，我们有几分钟时间。
And I paid him 20 bucks. 	我付给他20美元。 
Thanks for your help today and, congratulations. 	多谢你今天的帮忙，还有恭喜。 
Some little, forgotten picture that nobody really remembers.	就像那些小小的，被人遗忘的根本没人记得的照片。
I guess that's not true now, is it?	我想现在证明他们错了，对吗？
You're not finished yet. You work until sundown. 	你还没干完活呢。要干到太阳下山。 
I need as close to maximum security as I can get 	我需要所能达到的最大安全级别
I think thatsays it all. Just that picture of McCarthy not...	我觉得那说明了全部问题。只是麦卡锡的画面不…
That's a joking! Where's that smile?	开玩笑的！笑一笑？
This nation's policy of non-negotiation with terrorists has been a proven deterrent. 	我们的国策就是不和恐怖分子谈判妥协。 
Why don't we make an appointment for him to take some diagnostic tests?	不如为他预约些诊断性测试？
You're having problems with magic, aren't you?	你的魔法现在有问题，不是吗？
They have put them behind schedule.	它们的进度已经落后了。
Okay, she's right. Start the drip. Okay. I... I can't find a vein.	她说的对。快输液。好。…我找不到血管。
Do we have a deal, Jack? Angelica, I know you.	咱们成交了没，杰克？安洁莉卡，我了解你。
Green tea extract, broccoplex, tomato extract, salvia miltiorrhiza extract, bitter orange extract, turmeric extract, garlic extract, apricot extract, sesame powder, grape seed extract.	绿花椰菜萃取物、番茄萃取物(含茄红素)、丹参萃取物、苦橙萃取物、姜黄萃取物、大蒜萃取物、杏仁萃取物、芝麻粉、葡萄籽萃取物。
Not here! We can do it later, in my office. 	别在这儿！我们可以等会儿到我办公室去。 
Shane. Give me money. 	希恩。给我点钱。 
I'm pretty sure the loop is uncontrolled territory. 	我确定市中心不在你控制范围内。 
What kind of music you wanna wake up to? 	你想用什么音乐闹醒你？ 
That is a steep room service charge, if you don't mind me saying. 	如果你不介意，我这么说的话我想说客房服务费真高。 
This may put a check on global warming by removing what would otherwise be a long-term constraint on the forest's ability to suck up carbon dioxide as it grows.	长期以来森林在生长阶段时其吸收二氧化碳的能力往往会遇到这样那样的限制，上述的方式能去除这些限制从而阻止全球变暖。
Crazy about you...	为你发疯...
Why aren't you healing? 	为什么你没复原？ 
And were electrocuted to death. 	立刻就死翘翘。 
What? Oh, fine. 	什么？哦，好吧。 
We still have time before the d 'harans realize they've been robbed. 	在达哈拉人意识到他们被抢劫之前我们还有时间。 
But I just couldn't handle	但是我简直难掩
...an elderly couple.	老夫妇
Radars scanned it ( the image right is one result) and telescopes tracked its path.	他们用雷达扫描（图上为结果之一）以及用望远镜追踪其轨迹。
I'd rather not look. 	我宁愿没看见。 
Each week we'll choose the weakest models to face elimination.	每周我们会淘汰表现稍弱的选手。
If something goes bad... Like my eyes here...  	如果哪个部位坏死了…比如说我的这只眼镜… 
Because everyone is sleeping.	因为大家都在睡觉啊。
What'd you do with the other$ 350?	你把其他350元拿去干什么了？
When Pietro was born. 	佩卓出生的时候。 
The hardest recasting of them all is darth vader because of the unforgettable link between the mask and the voice.	最难重新选角的是darth vader，因为面具与声音之间有着令人无法忘怀的联系。
Yeah doc. You are not gonna believe where I am. 	是的博士。你绝对想不到我去了哪。 
Who I am is nothing but vaudeville and vehement.	我是谁，不过是杂耍和激烈.
Good Lord, look at all this. 	神哪，看看这些啊 
I hate to have to cut the fun short	我很不想中止这可笑的短剧
I'm not. - I could tell. 	我没睡觉。- 我知道。 
What'd I tell you about that Jersey?	有关运动衫我怎么跟你说的？
Walter isaacson's steve jobs has topped the new york times bestseller's list for eight consecutive weeks now.	沃尔特•艾萨克森的《史蒂夫•乔布斯传》（Steve Jobs）已连续八周雄踞《纽约时报》（The New York Times）畅销书排行榜榜首的宝座。
Shop window with a crist image and fake legs, seville, andalusia.	塞维列一个商店橱窗，安达卢西亚。
I'm afraid my sister married a real wimp.	我看我的妹妹大概是嫁了一个真正的软骨头。
Do you think I have any luck left? 	你认为我还有运气可用？ 
And sometimes it's nice to remind ourselves of that, 	有时在我们拿书不当会事的时候， 
We open at noon. That's what we do. 	中午开门营业就这么办。 
Protection of sites, habitats and landscapes is of uppermost priority.	保护遗址、栖息地和风景区是重中之重。
I will call judge Palermo, 	我就给巴勒莫法官打个电话 
Was active in a place called Argent at near there.	活跃在附近一个叫阿让塔的地方。
I had had my car serviced at the local garage.	我已经把我的车送到当地汽修厂检修了。
I'm glad to see that you are well. 	我也很高兴再见到你。 
one of my absolute favorite moments.  	其中就有我最开心的时刻。 
This nippy new car has fold down rear seats.	这辆速度很快的新车配有可以放倒的后座。
How's that? It's good stuff.	怎么样？好东西啊。
Well, how did he get on?	他进展的怎么样？
Every chip I make we become less dependent on you! 	我每拉到一个客户公司对你的依赖就少一分！ 
You were in an accident and you have to accept that.	你发生了意外你只好接受。
But in exchange, they should get me married to a foreigner.	但作为交换，他们应该也让我娶一个外国姑娘。
Here is a pen a few envelops and some paper for you.	给你笔、信皮儿和纸。
I'm not going to step down.	我不打算让位。
Your uncle must've been very generous.	你叔叔肯定出手很大。
Didn't you hear that person laughing? 	你没听到有个人在笑吗？ 
We have some bad news for people with pacemakers this afternoon.	今天下午我们得到了一个对于安装心脏起搏器病人来说的坏消息。
The article puts forward that, according to the need of development of times, seeking for the scientific book classification method and improving gradually the old patterns of categorizing books according to peoples in our national college libraries will be the trend in library classification history.	文章提出，根据时代发展需要，探寻科学的图书分类方法，逐步改变我国民族高校图书分类法中以人分类的旧模式，将是图书分类史上的大势所趋。
A week ago, the house's proposed stop online privacy act ( sopa) and the senate's proposed protect ip act ( pipa) were getting relatively light attention.	一周多之前，美国众议院提出的《反网络盗版法》（Stop Online Privacy Act，SOPA）和参议院提出的《保护知识产权法》（Protect IP Act，PIPA）开始并没有引起广泛的关注。
Don’t think she's talking to you.	我觉得她根本不想理你。
Well, I like your audience. 	嗯，见到你的感觉真好。 
There you go. Oh, man.	呐好了。天啊。
I wanna talk to Katharina.	我想找卡瑟莲娜。
Peopel who set out to cheat others often get cheated themselves.	欺人者反而往往被欺。
When I see a girl, I rate them.	当我看到个女孩的时候，我就通知他们。
I was in the tenth grade, and Tracy was in the eighth. 	我十年级，她八年级。 
Against our common foes.	对抗共同的敌人。
She finds out that he is makoto yoshioka, an archaeologist researching ancient mummies, and that object was a recently discovered mummy.	她发现，他是真吉冈，考古学家研究古代木乃伊，而且对象是一个新近发现的木乃伊。
No, but she always paid in cash in advance.	不,不过她总是预先支付现金。
Yeah, well, when you go into a custody hearing with a couple of DUIs, you... 	是啊，当你带着几项醉酒驾车罪名参加监护权听证会... 
Scientists versus psychiatrists. 	科学家对精神病学家。 
For clairee for me 	为了克莱尔为了我 
What if I returned the favor? 	如果我也能帮你呢？ 
No. Did you see it? There was nothing here to see.	你看到了吗？这里什么也看不到。
You'll never have to work in a restaurant 	你再也不用去餐馆打工了 
I don't know if that's all right. What's he doing?	我不知道那样妥不妥他在干什么？
I just want to know who's behind it. 	我只有兴趣知道幕后主脑是谁。 
Cosper Schlegel, UN - American medical intuitive 	科斯珀。施莱格尔，非美医学有直觉力的 
Just returned from the interview with the southfield police department and I can't wait to get a gun and kick some ass.	我刚从绍斯菲尔德市警察局面试回来，我现在迫不及待地想得到一把枪，去痛击一些蠢货。
Oh, she's fine. Um... She's a little smelly, 	噢，她很好。啊... 她身上有点臭味， 
I will release those not released. 	我要释放被囚的人。 
I refer, of course, to my own fumbling efforts.	当然，我说的都是自己摸索出来的。
Come payday, that kid is in the ground.	付钱的日子到了，那个孩子就在地下了。
The magpie is the most charming bird in all the worId. 	喜鹊是世界上最迷人的鸟了。 
Okay, this is a client. 	是一个委托人。 
She rounded her lips and whistled.	她撮起嘴唇吹口哨。
Die!  Got another bottle. 	去死吧！又拿了一瓶 
Standing there, with the scent of dead insects and cheap perfume... 	“站在那儿，充满死虫子和廉价香水气味…”， 
Where such unlawful action has been taken for the purpose of frame-up, retaliation, taking bribes or other personal aims, criminal responsibility shall be investigated.	如果这种违法行为是出于陷害、报复、贪赃或者其他个人目的，应当追究刑事责任。
She's married, and - and the guy's, like ,900 years old.	她结婚了他老公就跟900岁似的。
Jonathan began wriggling in his seat, unable to hide his boredom any longer.	乔纳森开始在座位上扭来扭去，再也掩饰不住自己的厌烦之情。
But we eliminated all of the unbelievers.	但我们已经除掉了所有异教徒。
For the full exclusive interview with fernando torres, plus the 2009-10 official squad poster and 50 memorable league cup moments to enjoy, don't miss lfc weekly.	像看托雷斯的独家采访，外加2009-10赛季的全家福，或许看联赛杯的50大精彩进球，别忘了买每周lfc。
We had a good time that year, didn't we?	咱们那年在那儿多开心，是吗？
He might have finally had that massive stroke he's been heading for. 	他一直有中风的迹象他可能最终就死于中风。 
That's in bestsellers, right next to twilight.	在畅销书那边， 旁边。
I thought we'd take a different Avenue. The buildings. 	我觉得我们可以跟另外一条路就是从大楼下手。 
The only strange thing -  	如果觉得有不妥 - 
But I believed. 	不过，我相信... 
They've been talking about it since you were gone. 	你走了之后她们一直说呢。 
Sometimes it is not the rattrap that destroys you; it is the rain that has falen into your heart ruins you.	有些时候，摧毁你的并不是你身处的困境，而是那已经落入你心灵的雨。
It can form a trap and therefore to recognize and decipher presupposition is an important linguistic skill.	预设还可构成陷阱。预设的识别和破解是一项重要的语言技能。
He could write the Pope a perfumed letter and reveal himself as the new Messiah. 	他也可以给罗马教皇写封香水信宣布自己是新的救世主。 
We're going to need something agile.	我们需要敏捷的车款。
Something to believe in.	值得信任的未来。
OKay, thanks, Mr. Chow	好的，谢谢你，周先生
He often took long walks in the hills.	他经常在山中久久漫步。
I think she needs some time to get comfortable. 	但她需要时间适应。 
I didn't know anything about it. I didn't ask about drugs or money. 	毒品还有那些现金都不关我事。我又没问你钱和毒品。 
There must be gentlemen in command to lead.	一定要有指挥官。
The afternoon scoop-obama speaks with sherrod, but will she take her job back?	奥巴马讲话与谢罗德，但将她带她重回工作岗位？
It's dictated by the first group to enter. 	它被第一批进入食堂的人规定了。 
He's eager to come to Hollywood to be in movies 	他很想去好莱坞拍电影 
I mean, what kind of asshole lies? 	我是说，哪种卑鄙？ 
It would allow users to opt in to a browser setting that would tell third parties, usually advertisers, not to track their browsing activity.	依据法案，用户可以在浏览器中设置选项，从而告知广告商等第三方不要追踪其浏览行为。
But some things have happened in my personal life 	但我个人生活发生了一些事情 
The swan flapped its wings noisily.	天鹅大声地拍打着翅膀。
Flat and sparkling, half cold, half room temp, 	有气泡的，没气泡的，一半凉的，一半保持室温， 
It's a guy in a dinghy. 	小艇上有个人。 
Why would they keep it at home and not in the bank?	他们为什么把它放在家里而不是存进银行呢？
And the Chinese 	所以那些中国人 
Most people with his kind of money	像他这么有钱的人一般都会
I don't want to remember anything that happened before I came here. 	我不想记起我来这儿之前的任何事情。 
To the floor plans and the dimensions of the box. 	与平面图和盒子大小比对后才能知道。 
It's all good, my dear.	你各方面都很好，宝贝儿。
Find meaning in your tasks.	从你的工作中寻找意义。
About the focus group? I have nothing to do with the focus group.	关于专题小组？我跟这个毫无关系。
Police chief dewayne holbrook points to the mass grave.	警察局长德韦恩霍尔布鲁克指出了群众的严重地区。
You thought I said get me a white piece of shit panel van.	你以为我说的是辆白色破货车。
Not everyone has a family like yours Clark.	不是每个人的家庭都像你家一样，克拉克。
Because that is who I am around here. 	我就是这么个角色。 
This hard, almost impossible. Why might not you, my Lord,	简直不成话。父亲，您为什么，
I'm a woman of pride and attitude, 	我是个自豪的女人仪态万千， 
They've got the wrong man. It's true. Sirius is innocent.	他们找错人了。没错。小天狼星是无辜的。
Oh, my God. Cancer, right? 	天哪。是因为癌症吗？ 
We need to talk. Who are you?	我们要谈谈。你谁啊？
Well, I'm sure it was a difficult decision for the president to make.	我相信总统做决定时也很难过。
He takes her back to her tractor. 	他把她带回她的拖拉机。 
I work in a record company. You work? 	我在唱片厂工作。你的工作？ 
It's ruined every relationship I've ever had. That's you, Jack. 	它把我所有的正常关系都毁了。那是你，杰克。 
What you have let out of me? 	你激发了我前所未有的情绪？ 
I'm very sorry about your parents.	为你父母感到遗憾。
But the fire's dead ain't never ever gonna start	但是我的心已死永远不会重燃热情
Where? Move. Right through there in the kitchen.	在哪？去拿在厨房。
But he couldn't play guitar	可是他不会弹结他
Seoul city plans to gauge community views in september this year after a 2-line test in women's safety car is running.	首尔市计划在收集各界人士的意见之后于今年9月在2号线试运行女性安全车厢。
I can see it has a screw hole for one. 	上面确实有安装它用的螺丝孔。 
I don't understand why you Haven't figured out...	我只是不明白你为啥还没想明白...
A stock's volatility is roughly approximated by its beta, a calculation of its relation to the broader market.	股票的波动性大致可看贝塔值，即相对于大盘的表现指标。
Party b shall be liable for the increase of audit man days and expenses resulting from causes of its own.	由于乙方造成审核人日或费用的增加,其增加部分的责任应由乙方承担.
How are you? Fine, I've got the picture, 	你还好吗？很好，我已经把那张照片洗出来了。 
My right thumb was ripped from my body by ak-47 assault-rifle fire and fragments from a claymore mine grazed my face and neck.	我右手的拇指被ak-47打掉了，脸部和脖子被地雷锋利的碎片划伤。
Please, sir, this stain just wouldn't come out. 	先生，这个污渍洗不掉了。 
Beijing-china's ministry of commerce ( moc) thursday denied its refusal to approve coca-cola's acquisition of huiyuan juice group is protectionist.	北京-中国商业部（moc）周四否认拒绝通过可口可乐收购汇源果汁集团是保护主义。
You're the big boss man here, right? 	你就是后台老板，是吧？ 
And since 2001 the united states has been less interested in integration than in border security.	而美国从2001年开始，相对于经济一体化来说更重视边防安全问题。
The, uh, the downside is, is he's Nolan. 	呃，坏处是，他是诺兰。 
Compulsory pilotage is applicable to all ships of foreign nationalities.	所有外国籍船舶均实行强制引航.
There's, uh, something I - I need to ask you.	有件事我想问你一下。
What they were after were the last four numbers of his credit card	他们是他的信用卡的最后四位数字后
Okay, sure, it starts with a giant butt, and then the next thing you know,	当然，先是做大臀，然后你也知道，
The standard double rooms offer particular comfort for business travelers, with two large separate double beds with single mattresses (1.4 x 2 meter), a mini-bar, a generously dimensioned work area, free Wi-Fi access and a separate sitting area. 	标准双人房为商务旅行人士提供特别的舒适感，内设带1个床垫（1.4 x 2米）的单独舒适大床、迷你吧、宽敞的办公桌、免费Wi-Fi接入和单独座位区。 
You've been transferred to Jeju. Report tomorrow to the Jeju city PD.	你现在已经归哲举管。明天去跟他报道。
So lockheed decided "to trim 11 pounds and$ 1.4 million from each aircraft by removing shutoff valves for engine coolant and hydraulic lines and five of six dry bay fire-suppression systems," according to insidedefense.com.	据insidedefense.com报道，洛克希德因此决定”通过取消发动机冷却剂关闭阀和液压线路及6个喷射区灭火系统中的5个，以达到对每架飞机削减11磅重量？和140万美元“的目的。
You've been so good to me, really. Really. I can't thank you enough. 	你对我很好，真的。我真的很感谢你。 
Right now, you're the odds - on favorite, two to one.	现在，你很有希望获胜赔率，二比一。
Whoever was outside, they heard the TV, right?	不管是谁在外面，他们都听见电视声了？
Instructor yoo, instructor yoo.stop calling me!	刘讲师刘讲师你他妈给我闭嘴!
While the helmet did not stop the projectile, it apparently caused something to be left behind. 	头盔的确没能挡住子弹的发射，但是子弹在上面留下了点东西。 
Excellent. I'll put the order in today. 	太好了。今天就下定单。 
Various elements such as gap-fill tasks, multiple choices, and alternative questions are used to set tests questions.	如差距的各种元素填充任务，多种选择和替代的问题是用于设置测试的问题。
It's very simpIe. Grab the cIub. 	其实好简单。随便拿起球杆。 
But the neck tells us what we need to know.	但颈部说明了一些问题。
But it isn't really a paradox.	但事实上并不矛盾。
Can I help at all? 	我能效劳吗？ 
Leaflets elliptic or elliptic-lanceolate, veinlets inconspicuous.	小叶椭圆形或椭圆形披针形，细脉不明显。
We only have to go slowly slowly, slowing down our pace, stop-go, learn to enjoy each piece of his time is now.	我们只有慢慢的慢慢的走，放慢我们的脚步，走走停停，学会享受自己现.
And I felt like I died with him.	当时觉得自己好像和他一起死掉了。
I'm doing well at work but the fact that I can't speak english is holding me back, I never get promoted.	我在单位工作一直都不错，可是我不会讲英语拉了我的后腿，于是每次提升都没我的份。
I hate to cut you off.	我真不想挂你电话。
Yeah? Which one? John - John.	是吗？哪个？小约翰。
I've just got to ask...	我只想问一下...
I think we got to leave the knife in. I don't know. 	恐怕咱们没法把刀拔出来。我不知道。 
And now she's your girlfriend?  we just got here.	忽然她就变成了你的女朋友？ 我们只是来参加聚会的。
I bought a melon bread 	我买了哈密瓜面包 
His lower extremities present a most depressing picture. 	他的下端情况更是不容乐观。 
Shh. Shh. I love you, baby. 	嘘。嘘。我爱你，宝贝。 
Hi. Sorry. - right. 	你好。对不起。- 没事。 
As your eyes witness, no coin has been spared	如你所见，的在重修豪宅上
I think I've mentioned. 97%. Indeed you have, but...	我想我刚才提到过97% 。你确实提了，但是...
If I... If I attempted to explain it, 	如果我... 无果我试图去解释那是什么， 
So also let the wives be to their husbands in all things.	宣布二人正式结为夫妇。
I Haven't seen him in months. Not really talking at the moment. 	我几个月没见他了。没什么好说的。 
You flip - flopped on parental rights.	你可是父母权益的疯狂拥护者。
I mean, you realize we're in the middle 	我是说，你知道我们正处于 
He scampered out as if he expected me to attack him.	他奔跑出来，好像他以为我会攻击他。
I think it's best we call it a night.	我认为现在时间已经差不多了。
Of the most highly - classified documents of the war.	有关越战的最高机密文件。
To directly challenge a teacher's authority.	直接挑战教师的权威。
It's interesting. I used to have this professor at Oxford, okay? 	很有意思。我在牛津认识一位教授呃？ 
They brighten rooms and faces.	它们能照亮房间和心灵。
Mom! Excuse me, does anybody care? This is what's doing it. 	妈妈，我想问一下没人理我吗？就这样。 
Many guests of the BEST WESTERN Kodiak Inn have enjoyed visiting the Kodiak Crab Festival, Alutiiq Museum, Fort Abercrombie State Park, Kodiak Golf Course, St. Paul Plaza and the Kodiak Mall. 	BEST WESTERN Kodiak Inn 的许多客人都非常喜欢科迪亚克螃蟹节、Alutiiq 博物馆、Fort Abercrombie 州立公园、科迪亚克高尔夫球场和科迪亚克商场。 
I rent this station for $6 an hour -  	我花每个小时6美元租这个地方 - 
But closing the loophole that encourages foreigners to come to the united states solely to make their future children u.s. citizens would not address the larger question of birthright citizenship.	但填补了鼓励外国人为了让子女取得美国国籍而来美生育的法律漏洞并不能解决出生地国籍主义上更大的问题。
You're trying to protect him, too,	你为了保护他才说的，
These producers are a group of 77 independent squab farms in northern california.	这个生产商群体由北加利福尼亚的77个独立雏鸽农场组成。
Hi, mom. What are you doing? 	嗨，妈妈。你在干嘛？ 
These two cultural ambassadors have been linked ever since, both conveying an obliging view of britishness in a changing world.	从那以后，这两个文化大使一直被联系在一起，代表着英国在这个不断变化的世界中亲切的一面。
I've advised my client not to speak with you.	我建议过我的客户不要和你说话。
Write a scene about that. 	写一下拘留室的场景。 
They analyze it, dashboard it, and cross-reference it to make it more efficient and intelligent.	它们会对数据进行分析组合和交叉引用，以使它更加高效和智能。
You know what? You Look, the same.	你知道吗？你看上去一点没变。
He wears an upper plate I made it. 	他上排牙齿带的假牙是我做的。 
He arrived at paddington station, whence he walked to the cumberland hotel.	他到达帕丁顿车站，从那里又步行到坎伯兰旅馆。
I'm sorry for being too direct. 	很抱歉那么直接。 
But protocol would be to turn it over to the Committee... 	但你女儿信中涉及的相关被忽视的问题…。 
What would you like to call me?	你想叫我什么？
So I thought I might make some time to take him.	我想我找个时间把它带过去。
All hearts... 	所有人的心扉... 
On december 1st the governor appointed an emergency manager to the city of flint.	在12月1日，政府就向弗林特指派了一名应急指挥员。
True love is giving, not taking.	真正的是赐与，不是讨取。
Throw down your arms and surrender! 	把武器放下投降！ 
He was a brilliant manipulator, get anyone to do anything. 	他操控人的水平一流，可以让任何人做任何事。 
That he would die from the assault.	很可能会被打死。
Look, I don't need your daughter's help.	你弄清楚，我不需要你女儿帮忙。
I never should have said All that stuff in front of the general. 	我就不该在将军面前说那些事的。 
Of four girls on a street corner undercutting each other? 	四个女孩子在街角互相竞争的时光哪去了？ 
Several conduits were affected by the brush with the beam.	一些主要的管线受到光束扫射的影响。
His speech was interpreted rather inaccurately.	他的演讲被翻译得相当不准确。
Because that would deprive usof valuable bonding time.	因为那就剥夺了我们的亲密时刻。
15 And jacob called the name of the place.	15雅各就给那地方起名叫伯特利。
Good work. Good night. 	做的好。晚安。 
Because a lot of little dogs like her are allergic to poultry. 	因为很多小狗狗对家禽肉过敏。 
The jit compiler simply makes this faster.	实时编译器就是用来让它变得更快的。
As I was rushing to the bus stop I saw the wilson. They were driving home.	我匆匆赶车时看到威尔逊夫妇，他们正驱车回公司。
Follow you around and stalk your every move.	跟在你周围并紧跟你踱的每一个方步。
The three unmanned aerial vehicles have a strong stealth.	上述三种无人驾驶飞机都具有很强的隐形能力。
I feel a good cry coming on.	我真想大哭一场
Much less one that's linked to race riots in the 1940s.	更不想赞颂和20世纪40年代的种族暴动有关的服装。
If the defense doesn't agree to the delay, we have to hold the hearing within ten days of the arraignment. 	所以要在传讯后10天之内开听证会。 
I'm sure we'll find a solution	一定可以找到解决的方法
A slim little volume with an appealing cover, who cares wins doesn't always know what it wants to be--corporate guide, market trend analysis, or autobiography.	《有心者胜》一书篇幅不长，封面抢眼，内容的目标定位却不够清晰，教人分不清这到底是企业指南、市场趋势分析还是自传。
I don't care what you say, but say it with humor. These crowds expect it. 	我不管你说什么，但是要幽默人。们喜欢这样。 
I don't know what to do about them. You can help me.	我不知道该怎么对付他们。你可以帮助我。
Okay. Let's read it. 	好。我们来念信吧。 
He may also have persuaded the president of autonomous zanzibar, amani karume, to share power with the island's opposition.	总统先生也许还会说服自治的桑吉巴岛总统阿玛尼卡鲁梅，让阿玛尼与该岛国的反对党共享权力。
So maybe I can be aggressive and get my hands on balls and get more steals, and try to get us more possessions out there.	我能变得更加有侵略性，保护球并且抢断更多次，让我们有更多的球权。
However, with the development of capitalism, rationalist individualism evolves gradually into irrationalist individualism.	但随着资本主义的发展，理性主义的个人主义逐渐演变成了非理性主义的个人主义。
Customers 'eyes may glaze over during conversations about sourcing, but edelson has found one place where the company's green initiatives help: in its attempts to hire people.	面对采购的话题，消费者或许会双眼呆滞无神，毫无兴趣；但埃德尔森发现，公司的绿色环保举措在另一个方面很有帮助：招聘。
I'm guessing he never told you that. 	他没和你说过这事吧。 
I'm concerned about promise, reward, and inducement.	我担心会有贿赂证人之嫌。
None of the team members were economics majors, and that helped them not to take a "should-be" approach to the issue. Every team member had unique ideas.	这个团队的优势在于，所有人都并非经济学科班出身，因此没有受到任何先入为主的销售理念干扰，每个人的创意都十分独特。
And they were blue. 	是蓝眼球。 
This never would've happened if eleanor was with us.	如果埃利诺在，这种事决不会发生。
The most visible part of koch industries is its consumer brands, including lycra fiber and stainmaster carpet.	科赫工业公司最显而易见的部分是他的消费品牌，包括莱卡纤维、斯丁马斯特（stainmaster）地毯。
You remind me of my uncle. 	你让我想起我叔叔。 
It's none of my business, Reverend, but... 	我知道这不关我事，但是，教士 
I did it. I slept with the lights off and I wasn't scared.	我做到了。我一晚上都没有开灯而且都不怕了。
I thought maybe the outfits, I wasn't going to	我本来觉得衣服，并不会合适
Because now he doesn't have to see the jerk 	他在九泉之下也看不到 
They're Not just smaller. Each is totally different.	它们不单单是小了些。它们每个都是完全不一样的存在。
I had fun. - okay, well, then don't get off.	我很开心。-好，那就别下来了。
My best friends are dutch, german, slovak, and swedish.	我最好的朋友分别是荷兰人、德国人、斯洛伐克人和瑞典人。
Unable to login to account. The account or passphrase information specified is incorrect.	无法登陆帐号。帐号或密码填写不正确。
It'd be kind of embarrassing if the turnout wasn't too strong. 	如果出席人数不多的话还有点尴尬呢。 
Brother, thanks for your help 	多谢兄台援手 
Took the grand tour, sailed all over world, but he puked the entire way. 	世界各地到处去旅行，只不过游到哪儿吐到哪儿。 
Because they're beginning to push me a little bit. 	因为他们开始排挤我了。 
The rest of the candidates are coming up clean. 	其他参选人都排除掉了。 
She sure is a peach though.	她一定是个蜜桃吧。
People who live in the city for a long time want to experience village life.	久居城市的人们都喜欢体验一下农庄生活。
He'd snuck out of America hotly pursued by the CIA.	在中央情报局的穷追不舍下，他已偷偷溜出了美国。
She was familiar with many of the plants in that forest. 	它熟悉森林里的很多植物。 
So now it's our turn to torture somebody. 	所以现在轮到我们折磨一些人了。 
This paper designs an advanced reusable construction engineering management information system based on distribution multiplayer distributed architecture.	论文从多层分布式体系结构出发，设计了一种先进的可复用建筑工程风险管理信息系统。
You don't believe in groceries?	你不喜欢买来的食物？
Well, I was just so damn jealous.	我只是因为妒忌。
He hung up. - what? 	他挂了。- 什么？ 
Yet researchers who study the oldest old have made a surprising discovery that presents a less bleak vision of the future than many anticipate.	而那些研究最长寿老人的研究人员却揭示了一个惊人的发现，这一发现展示了一幅相对多数预测而言更少了许多暗淡的图案。
Come to tea after the matinee. 	下午场演完过来喝茶。 
Welcome back,buddy.How was your mom?	伙计，欢迎回来。你妈妈怎么说？
You two are on point here. 	你俩给我盯紧了。 
I'm probably never gonna see you again.	可能再也不能见到你了。
We'll go away, figure this thing out. 	我们一起离开这里。解决好这件事。 
We need it, and they won't miss it.	我们需要，他们不会不知道的。
Man, here you go. Finally, huh? - yes.	老兄，你走吧。你可算来了，嗯？- 是啊
For the subversives demanding a meeting o-n the galactica.	要求在卡拉迪加会面.
He was granted American citizenship five years ago. 	他在五年前拿到绿卡。 
I now relax and control my breathing as they come into view.	现在，我屏住呼吸，等待它们进入我的视野。
I trust you will take the earliest opportunity to make a full apology.	我想你会一抓住机会就诚恳道歉的。
Chaos theory shines by breathing new life into the classic story concept of a man frustrated by his life.	《混沌理论》因给一个被生活所挫败的男子的传统故事内容注入新的活力而超群出众。
I need the best out there. He's filling some big shoes.	我需要最好的。他能撑住大场面。
Because I have a very special guest	因为将有一个特别嘉宾
Can you find this asshole or not?	你能否找到这个笨蛋？
Him and me served around the same time. 	他和我差不多同一时期服役的。 
Head south-west. Turn right towards Haridwar-Dehradun NH 72. 	向西南方行驶。右转向哈里瓦—德拉敦NH 72行驶。 
Come on. Hurry. 	出来，快点。 
We've got all this vaccine. I `m not wasting it.	我们有疫苗。我不能浪费掉它。
And just pretend I don't exist.	假装当我不存在。
Finally, I wish both of you dote on life, forever forever concentric knot, happiness.	最后，祝你们俩永远钟爱一生，同心永结、幸福美满。
You go home after closing the shop 	你关店后回家吧 
But the problem is-The state won't allow it.	但问题是- 法律不会允许的。
Although he has no medical training, chapin is convinced that his invention can help people conquer depression, arthritis and even some types of cancer.	蔡平尽管没有受过医学培训，但确信他的发明能够帮助人们攻克精神抑郁症、关节炎，甚至某些种类的癌症。
Preferential income tax treatment to enterprises transferring technologies.	技术转让企业优惠所得税待遇。
The enterprise fired on Kronos one without provocation.	企业号突击卡龙诺斯一号。
Um... He was right. You were really, really great. 	嗯……他是对的。你真的是太，太棒了。 
I hear its nice this time of year	听说此时的景色很漂亮
Even where there is enough food, people do not seem healthier.	即使某些国家有足够的粮食，人们也不见得就非常健康。
If we're going to practice, might as well have an audience. 	当然要表演给观众看，才有意义。 
I would have taken it down, only I couldn't find a pencil.	我本可以记下来的，但我找不到铅笔。
I've got a computer and Internet access. 	我有电脑和网络。 
I can close my eyes .	我可以闭上双眼。
But they were louder. 	但是他们的声音更大。 
But this is not the time to be promoting employment	但这个时期我们不应该把就业机会
Oh, I see. You're not homss. 	噢，我明白。你不仇恨同性恋不过是混蛋而已。 
It's about the treatment of a detainee at Guantanamo.	关于关塔那摩一被拘人员的待遇问题。
I ordered him. 	我命令他。 
Because you can't help them with your limited resources. 	因为你不能用你那有限的资源帮到他。 
Your real mother is not just the one who gives birth to you,	你真正的妈妈并不就是生你的那个人，
Tyler durden is a separate personality I've created, and now he's threatening to take over my real life.	泰勒歌顿是我创造的另一个分离性人格，而现在，他已经威胁着要接管我真正的生活了。
Capitalism and modern social theory: an analysis of the writings of marx, durkheim and max weber.	资本主义与现代社会理论:马克思、涂尔干、韦伯。
But if they're out there with us, 	但如果他们和我们一样明着打， 
The forward claimed last week to have given up on his "dream" of joining real madrid, but the spanish club are convinced that he will persuade united to sell him this summer.	尽管这名前锋上周才声称已经放弃加盟皇马的“梦想”，不过西班牙的俱乐部还是向他保证今夏会说服曼联放人。
If a myth, bring him to me in a bottle, if a man -  	如果是神话，放在瓶里带给我，如果是人 -  
Relax in our gorgeous non-smoking queen suite, complete with two queen beds and a full kitchen. 	您可以在我们这间无烟大床套房内放松，室内设有2张大床和设施齐全的厨房。 
Why don't we have one like this? 	为什么我们没有象这样的一个呢？ 
I remember how your mother loved to read.	我记得你母亲很爱读书。
One of the most powerful criminal men in Chicago. 	是芝加哥最有势力的犯罪分子之一。 
don't worry. I can go alone. 	别担心。我一个人去。 
Pull myself together. Just do something constructive 	振作起来。做点有建设性的事情 
As widely expected, barnes& noble unveiled its nook electronic reading device at a splashy news conference on tuesday to generally positive views from the publishing community, and offered some details about its whispered-about lending capabilities.	正如众人所期盼barnes&noble在周二的一次引人注意的新闻发布会上展示了它的nook电子阅读设备赢得了出版界普遍良好的反映并就人们私下议论的借阅功能提供了一些细节信息。
Right, well, you're going to send him an email and set up a meeting. Saying what?	好极了，你给他发个电邮商定见个面。怎么说？
Yes I am obviously the linchpin personality	是呀，我显然是我们团队的
I think we'd better say no more about it.	我看我们还是不要再说了。
You are so afraid of looking dumb if you give in, 	你觉得认输会让你显得愚蠢， 
Well, I thought you said she deleted everything before she gave it back. 	喔，我记得你说过她在还摄像机之前把里面的内容都删除了。 
Let's go Kozue.	我们走吧和枝。
She wasn't really all that fat even.	她也并不是真的很胖。
Have you two even... 	你们两个有... 
And release it to Grendel, 	把它放给格伦德尔， 
But right now, I'm...	可现在，我...
If death is the end, 	如果死亡是完结， 
I looked everywhere for the creature gollum. 	我到处在找咕鲁。 
Like a cheetah on the African plain.	就像非洲平原奔驰的猎豹。
I hear that's how she died. Yeah. 	我听说她就是这样死的。是的。 
I am not being mean by trying to get you to face reality.	我并不想残酷地让你面对现实。
Or you know, four days, three nights.	或者四天三夜。
Across the street from Tex Mex, Brasserie, Mexican, Open for: lunch, dinner, 12:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. 	对面大街有Tex Mex餐厅，啤酒店，墨西哥风味，营业范围：午餐和晚餐，营业时间：中午12:00至晚上10:00。 
I could see he had a gun in his hand, where was the girl?	我看到他手里有枪，那个女孩在哪里？
Yes, the case is still ongoing, 	是的，案件还在调查中， 
The fear of death is more than death.	怕死比死更糟糕。
I'm totally getting my life together.	我可是把自个的生活规划得有模有样。
When asked what other countries could learn from china's regulatory system, he pointed out that chinese financial institutions need cbrc approval to launch individual product types, making it nearly impossible for exotic financial instruments, such as the ones blamed for the subprime crisis, to exist in china.	当被问及其它国家能从中国的监管体系中学到什么时，廖岷指出，中国金融机构发行每种金融产品都需获得银监会的许可，这样一来，造成次贷危机的那些新奇的金融工具在中国几乎不可能存在。
don't worry about it, man, we're all gonna	别担心，伙计，我们今晚都会去
We're sort of negative about that, too. About God?	我们对那也意见不一。对上帝？
But you're not making it easy on us, Graham, 	但你却在帮倒忙格拉汉姆， 
Aah! It's coming! 	啊！我要生了！ 
That is just uncalled for!	你可是自找的啊！
So he has to take several baths a day and apply creams from head to toe constantly, 	所以他必须每天洗上几个澡从头到脚不停地抹上乳膏， 
Yeah, no, I was thinking about last night, waking you up I felt bad. 	很抱歉我昨晚吵醒你。 
Get the crew ready to beam to Voyager 	准备将船员传送回航海家号 
Some booms started with technological innovation.	技术创新也可能导致繁荣。
All honor and glory be to general Vavarin Delatombe.	向凡伐尔亨。德尔托姆贝将军致以你们最诚挚的敬意。
Quite a big moment, really. 	很重大的一刻啊 
We're trying to modify photosynthesis to produce hydrogen directly from sunlight.	我们正尝试改进光合作用，以直接在阳光下制造出氢。
Shoes and slippers are left in the front entrance of a small abandoned hotel.	鞋和拖鞋留在被遗弃的小酒店门前。
And then built this--this is the smith tower in seattle.	接着有人做了这个--这是模拟西雅图的史密斯塔。
I'm not a weirdo.	我又不是变态
OK, do me a favor. Keep going.	好吧，帮个忙继续。
You said you wouldn't judge. 	你说了你不评判的。 
Where are we going? Excuse me!	我们在干嘛？对不起！
You need to let it out.	你要发泄。
She assigned me to a case recently to close.	她最近指派了一个案子让我结案陈词。
But the unsub needed to know who the woman was handed off to.	不明人物想知道她被转移到谁手上了。
To defend the oppressed,	对抗非正义的压迫，
If I sit around till may, when it's warm, I'll lose my mind. 	如果我在这里待到五月等天气暖和了我大概就要疯了。 
What, do I look like a bank to you?	开什么玩笑我看着像开银行的吗？
North winds tend to bring blue skies, but those from the south and the east heavily industrialised areas bring stifling smog.	北风往往带来蔚蓝的天空，而从南部和东部这些高度工业化地区吹来的风，则会带来令人窒息的尘霾。
Full book? That's rich! 	包场？很贵的！ 
Some guys, it's a sunny day.	对有些人来，说轻而易举。
Tomorrow night at eight. No options.	明晚8点。没别的选择。
Russian control should boost sales in russia and could help relaunch gancia in america, britain and germany, where it was strong 40 years ago.	俄国人控股可以增加其在俄国的销售额，并帮助嘉琪亚重新进入美国，英国和德国市场，挽回40年前的强势。
Man,I would give my right arm to have that shit on tape.	伙计，要是能把你刚才说的录下来，我连右手都可以不要。
Just the opposite - you're worried that, 	恰恰相反 - 你是担心， 
I'm just gonna squeeze, squeeze, and you're gonna pass out. 	我只需要使点劲儿你就晕了。 
A "Jack" in front of it! 	不过，后面没写" 蛋" ！ 
I beat the shit out of that guy, finally!	最后，我终于打得他满地找牙！
Plenty big enough to pull a trigger.	已经足够拉下板机了。
An eight-minute taste of what to expect will be revealed this evening when hundreds of dancers, singers and musicians will try to capture the spirit of the sambadrome during the rio segment of london's closing ceremony.	里约八分钟将在今天傍晚被揭晓，在伦敦的闭幕式中数百名舞者，歌手和音乐家将向观众展示桑巴的精髓。
That he was merely the son of old Wickham, 	他是老韦翰的儿子， 
I have not been this happy since, well, ever. 	我从没这么开心过。 
Of course I forgive her. 	当然，我当然原谅她。 
Why you say it like that? He had a lot of temporary part - time jobs,	为什么那么说？他有很多临时的兼职工作，
We studied in law school together 	我们一起在司法学校学习 
Mr. rynning, a 56-year-old attorney, enjoys the wine tastings but prefers light beer.	56岁的林宁是一名律师，他喜欢品尝葡萄酒，但更爱喝淡味啤酒。
Maybe you shouldn't be listening to the grown - ups' conversations.	或者你根本不该听大人的对话。
I don't like - being raked over coals for not knowing? 	我也不喜欢被别人蒙在鼓里还鬼鬼祟祟的做手势？ 
Amusingly, in the past year many people have suggested that the brics story is over.	可笑的是，近一年来，很多人都表示，金砖四国已是明日黄花。
He kept claiming he wasn't. 	他一直声称他不是。 
But it is a bit out of my price range, "he said."	但它的价格有点超出我的承受能力了。
In ireland, unlike greece and portugal, a toxic banking system contaminated the state's finances.	与希腊和葡萄牙不同，爱尔兰病入膏肓的银行系统侵蚀了这个国家的金融业。
Take Interstate 64E to 1International Airport Exit (197A), turn right on Route 60 (Williamsburg Road). 	沿着64号州际公路东行至1号国际机场出口（197A），向右转至60号公路（威廉斯堡路）。 
Because we've killed for a lot less,	因为我们少杀了很多，
When you see her, does time move in slow motion?	当你看到她，是不是时间都变慢了？
A lot of really good companies invest in the wrong architecture, "says paul s. michaels, the nonfamily president of mars."	玛氏总裁保罗•迈克尔斯不是马尔斯家族的成员，他说：“许多公司真的很好，但它们把钱花在了错误的地方。
Nice. Where do you pick waffles from?	好极了。草莓哪里摘的？
He's not even on the docket anymore. He's off the original arrest report. 	他甚至也不在诉讼表上。他也不在最初的逮捕报告上。 
To carry out the test, dr levine turned to those stalwarts of medical research, genetically modified mice.	莱文博士采用了医学实验中的中坚力量，转基因老鼠，来完成这项测试。
All new rooms with ground level access 	所有新客房均为地面标高。 
Mm. Well, there's blood stains right on the soles, there. 	嗯。在鞋底那儿有血迹 
I've always liked the hilaire belloc quote: "when I am dead, I hope it may be said: his sins were scarlet, but his books were read."	我一直很喜欢西莱尔贝洛克（hilaire belloc）的名言：“当我死的时候，我希望他们会说：他的罪孽是深重的，但是他的书值得一读。”
You always take everything too far. 	你做事都是这么过分。 
Stickers that say'stupid. 	写着“愚蠢字样”的粘纸。 
Pool, you say? 	你说，有游泳池？ 
Deft of environmental design, kyoto prefectural univ.	京都府立大学人间环境学部。
Greek tragedy is quite different from modern one.	希腊悲剧与现代悲剧有很大不同。
The group has already cut headcount from 946 to 841.	集团已将员工总数从946人削减至841人。
I'm Gracie Hart. 	我就是桂丝哈特。 
I'm restoring the carousel here. 	我正在这里接手一个修复旋转转马的工作。 
Report gives the makings of specific manufactured goods, labour, cost.	反映出具体产成品的料、工、费。
Well, you killed it, and for good reason. 	好吧，被你否决了，理由充分。 
In that time, slingbox was bought by satellite company echostar.	那时，slingbox就被卫星电视公司echostar收购了。
Completely demented, of course, and terrifying to be in the same room with...	他的精神完全不正常，跟他独处一定很可怕……
It was exhilarating. I'm listening. 	很欢乐呀。你说。 
And I'm not inclined to launch an inquisition. 	我不想发起调查。 
It's gibberish. Exactly, and that's what	一派胡言- 没错，之所以如此
Me and my dad and my uncle we're going to open up a scuba shop somewhere. 	我和爸爸叔叔就找个地方，开个潜水专卖店。 
Look, son, I don't even know your name.	听着，伙计，我都不知道你的尊姓大名。
Is that barium meal perspective can make a definite diagnosis a gastritis?	钡餐透视能确诊是胃炎吗？
I tried to end it. 	我尝试去结束。 
Why'd he come here? Who knows? 	他干嘛来这里？鬼知道？ 
Let the kld flx lt for you.	让那孩子帮你修理一下。
He killed 'em. He killed a bad guy that he couldn't catch any other way. 	他杀人了他，杀了光凭法律难以制裁的人。 
Now we gotta play in that crappy old gym. 	我们只好在那个破体育馆训练了。 
Whatever the name, it is the most convenient big-city airport in america, a 15-minute subway ride from k street, the epicentre of dc lobbying.	不管名称是什么，它仍是美国最方便的大城市机场，从院外游说的集散地k大街坐地铁只需15分钟。
Let me see. What do you you say we keep this simple, 	我瞄下。我们想个简单的方法， 
But she has adapted well to life in washington.	但她很好地适应了华盛顿的生活。
Where is the divine fish? 	神鱼在什么地方？ 
Pentair, which had revenue of$ 3.5 billion in the latest 12 months, recently completed a$ 4.9 billion merger with the flow-control business of tyco international.	近期，滨特尔(最近12个月营收35亿美元)完成了与泰科国际（Tyco International）流体控制业务价值49亿美元的合并交易。
You hungry, honey? Yeah. 	你饿吗？亲爱的？是的。 
The bullet fragmented in his skull. 	头骨里的子弹碎片。 
Three times? In one night. 	三次？一夜。 
Especially all by myself. 	尤其是只有我一个人的时候。 
It's unnatural to outlive your child.	把孩子送出去是不对的。
Damselflies have large and external gills which resemble three fins at the end of the abdomen.	蜻蜓有着大且位于外侧的鳃，如同三个鳍一样位于腹部末端。
If you don't need a ton of clothing, you get rid of much of it.	如果你根本不需要成堆的衣服，那就丢弃绝大部分。
Mr. Udall, I'd like to speak to you, please. 	尤达先生，我想和你谈谈。 
I saw you!	我不是瞎子！
Grandpa, there's dad.	可爷爷，有爸爸在啊。
To see if he will make a one stage further to 20 million rupees.	看他是否能更进一步取得2千万卢比。
But whatever happens, I just want you to know,	不管发生什么，我都希望你们知道，
Two weeks ago, yu jianrong, a prominent government critic, began a micro-blog to help rescue such children by urging people to post photographs of young beggars.	两周前，著名政府批评人士于建嵘开通了一个微博，通过鼓励民众为年轻乞丐拍照的做法，帮助解救被拐儿童。
I'm in charge? - is that a problem? 	我来负责吗- 有问题吗？ 
Where are the residential areas?	住宅区在哪里？
I got to open the shop at 7:00. 	我早上7点就要开店。 
Are you OK? Mr Billings, we're running late. 	你还好吧？毕先生，我们迟到了。 
For I am slow of study. 	因为我学习很迟钝。 
What next? Seattle! Yeah! 	下一步是什么？西雅图！是！ 
Hey, guys, I have a gut feeling something bad's gonna happen. 	嘿，伙计们，我感觉不好的事情要发生了。 
So those stories you used to tell me... The things you did, all those guys you put in jail...	你以前和我说的那些光荣历史你的丰功伟绩，那些被你绳之以法的家伙…
Luther and his crew went out there well over two hours ago. 	卢瑟和他的船员出去营救快两个小时。 
I'm going to confront a man who tried to have me killed. 	我要对付一个想杀死我的人。 
Do you happen to know what her i.q. was?	你是否知道她的i.q是多少？
Business groups have warned that new rules forbidding 'misleading omissions' could, for instance, put a cosmetics sales girl in jail for not mentioning a lipstick promotion to a customer.	一些商业组织警告说，新的规定禁止“有误导性地遗漏信息”，这样一来，一名化妆品导购可能会因为没有向顾客提到一支口红的促销信息而入狱。
Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together! 	噢天哪，我们三个将要住到一块了！ 
The economy was not in such bad shape, he says.	他说经济状况并不是特别糟糕。
But its rapid growth, especially on apple's american home turf, has made it a competitor to reckon with.	但是它的迅速成长，尤其是在苹果的主场美国的优异表现让它成为了一个需要顾及的对手。
Is there anything on the recipient exclusion criteria... 	有没有什么能让人可以接受的理由... 
Everyone in Hollywood arts has to play an instrument.	在好莱坞艺术学院所有人都要会演奏一种乐器。
We'll take a report. 	我们会申报的。 
What is it that youthink she knows? 	你认为她知道什么？ 
Nothing is funny. I was bored to death!	不好玩。我被烦的要死！
I don't know. Like, the way they were collected, 	我也说不好。就象，他们是被收集起来的， 
With a paintbrush!	当出气筒的！
Listen, I got all your contact information I don't want to come with you.	我记下你的联络信息了我不想跟你去。
Nice try, Stephen fry. -'stephen fry. 	干得不错嘛，虎尔摩斯。- 是福尔摩斯。 
To flood a huge plain	以浸透一大片平原
Such sentiments, last november, helped propel barack obama into the white house and his democratic party to bigger majorities in both houses of congress.	去年11月，正是这样一种情绪才把巴拉克奥巴马送进了白宫，同时也让他的民主党成为了国会参众两院占绝对优势的多数党。
As I wrote a few weeks ago, the british, unlike americans, have positive memories of wartime austerity and even rationing.	如我几周前所写，不像美国，英国对战时的消费节制甚至定量配给有着正面的记忆。
While there were certainly worse ways 	对于这些候选人来说… 
We reorder the crystals, we change what the device does.	那我们重排这些水晶,改变它的所为.
It ain't dying I'm talking about. It's living.	我不是在说死亡，我在说生活。
Had his gun in one hand	一手拿着枪
Are the result of early voting over the last week? Yes. 	是过去一周早期选举的选票？是的。 
OK, that's not true.	好吧，这不是真的。
Actually, the whole day was a disaster.	总之，糟透了。
During the trip, if you have some trouble, please connect with the staff or the chief or the police on the train, we will try our best to help you.	在旅途中，如果您有困难的话，请与乘务员或列车长或乘警联系，我们将尽最大力来帮助您。
You better hurry. It's always good to be 'prom' Pt.	你得赶快" 动作迅速" 总是好事。
I'm studying to be a nurse. 	我正在学习以后要成为个护士。 
Fighting back tears I asked lamely.	强忍眼泪，我问一瘸一拐的。
You can fuck a 1 5 - year - old in France. 	在法国你可以上一个年纪只有十五岁的女孩。 
Tens of thousands of people are diagnosed with m. S Each year. 	每年一千个人里就有十个人患上硬化症。 
Uh, debatable.	呃，可不一定。
My own fault. yeah. 	我自己的错。是啊。 
Iasked her to tell them Laura had let her the apartment while she was away. 	我要她告诉他们就说劳拉让她在自己不在的时候住在这里。 
Because if you do, I won't stop you. 	因为你若真的这么认，为我不会拦着你。 
And struck the bus when it was most vulnerable.	在巴士最无防备的时候进行打劫。
What the hell's he talking about? Enough ally McBealing. 	他什么意思？律政剧演够了。 
They may bring greater scope and scale to organizations as well, strengthening bonds with customers and improving communications with suppliers and outside partners.	这些技术可以扩大企业的业务范围和规模，加强其与客户的联系，改善企业与供应商及外部合作伙伴的交流与沟通。
But we are climbing normally. 	但我们在正常爬升。 
Oh, cookies. Thank you. These Iook great.	哦，饼干，谢谢看上去很好吃。
Add as an additional element or part.	作为附加元素添加进来。
I let her get carried away by things that you and I just don't believe in. 	她被一些你我都不推崇的事给迷住了。 
Shit sounded like a plane truck. Sheriff, about the reward?	听上去像是飞机卡车什么的。警长，有酬金吗？
Meeting with all the store managers	会见所有的经理
I feel like you jazz if led I.	在我看来你有点爵士化了这个舞。
Why don't you tell Clarice willow 	为什么不把我跟你说的话 
Most chinese analysts suspect mr noda of conniving with mr ishihara, who has since launched his own party.	大多的中国分析人士怀疑野田首相与石原串通一气，石原之随后组建了新党。
She was on a choking game site the night she died.	她死的那天登陆了这个窒息游戏的网站。
You know, I could use a few new members 	如果来几个新会员 
At an arraignment? Come on.	在提审会上？拜托。
My dating life is mine. 	但是一夜情却是我的一切。 
Never listened. 	从不听我说。 
She's breast - feeding him. 	她给他喂她的奶。 
I almost feel bad. 	我有点内疚呢。 
I hear this place has the best Gumbo in town. 	我听说这儿有城里最好的秋葵汤。 
The best guess is that the superbond is motivated by politics, not finance.	对这一超级债券的最佳猜测是，它不是被金融而是被政治因素所驱动的。
Cut her free. Apologies, my lady.	把她也解开。抱歉，小姐。
Some researchers think that by the time dementia symptoms appear, it is already too late to undo the damage.	一些研究人员认为，到痴呆出现迹象的时候，修复损害已经为时过晚。
don't have any FAE abilities,	孩子不会有妖力，
Ellen: thanks. Getting a pro-family employer would be theicing on the cake.	埃伦：谢谢你，若能得到一个亲家庭的雇主，可谓锦上添花。
Forgiveness isn't amnesia. 	原谅不是遗忘。 
She looked wonderful. 	她看上去棒极了。 
You ain't tapping my ass.	你弹不到我屁股。
There. Hey, it's bumble bee, kiddo.	在这里。嘿，这是吞拿鱼，老兄。
No, I'm divorced and I have a 1 0 - year - old son... 	我离婚了，还有个十岁大的儿子。 
Finalizer to clean it up, the next time your code runs it may fail trying to access the exact same file if the finalizer has not already run.	终结器将其清理，则下次代码运行时，如果终结器尚未运行，访问该文件的尝试就可能失败。
Why didn't you bring along your sword?	你为什么不带剑来？
Just not wearing their ID badges. 	只不过没带卡。 
But there are health risks involved with ingesting the meat. 	但是吃这种肉要冒健康风险。 
You sure you don't want some cake?	你真不来点蛋糕了？
He is regarded as the best dentist in town.	他被看作是域里最好的牙医。
Many people treat their bodies like they treat their cars, they don't understand how it works and then when something goes wrong they take it to the doctor ( mechanic) to fix it.	许多人把他们的尸体,他们像对待自己的车,他们不明白如何运作和再出事,他们就来了医生(机工)轻举妄动。
I mean, I'm crushed out on this guy already.	我想，我和这家伙已经结束了。
Order! it's his fault! 	注意秩序！都是他的错！ 
Because I feel like giving ball tossing a try.	因为我想先练好传球。
Kudos. - thank you.	值得称赞。- 谢谢。
Not the exact same technology, no.	不完全一样，不过我会重新构思。
I don't believe in mediocrity.	我不是平庸之辈。
Like brushing, flossing, taking a shower. 	像刷牙织布冲凉。 
There is, however, another completely different approach which is founded in potential theory.	但是还有另外一种完全不同的方法，这种方法是在势论中找到的。
I've rescheduled my entire day.	我整天都排好了。
No, whether I win this race or not,	不,不管我能不能赢，
There was, your honor. I'm pleased to say it's been resolved. 	是的，法官大人。我很高兴地告诉您这个问题已经解决了。 
But that's why I'm here and you're...	但是这就是我为什么在这儿而你...
When you said that I shouldn't have been born? 	你说真不该生下我？ 
I guess it really hit me when I found out the money he borrowed was to pay gambling debts.	当我知道他把借来的钱全用来赌博我很震惊。
Well, honestly, I don't - 	呃，说实话，我不知道... 
No. But I think it's worth a shot.	不会。但我觉得值得一试。
In spite of everything, we're still friends.	不管怎样，我们还是朋友。
Yeah, if you hadn't jumped up, if you just let me sign the thing. 	你说你干嘛要跳出来让我签了那文件不就结了。 
I cannot fight back. You're used to it. It's so clear. 	我不能反击你要适应这点这很清楚。 
Who's her boyfriend?	她男朋友是谁？
Buenos dias, sister.	早上好，修女。
Since l am the bearer of bad news 	因为大多不是好事！ 
Understand where he was coming from. 	很理解他的出发点。 
And let us all consult.	好好商量一下。
Yeah, to see daddy.	对啊，去看爸爸。
Sitting by the fire with my husband when they go to bed. 	他们上床后跟我丈夫坐在火炉边。 
Nor should poland's new leaders purge competent people in top jobs solely because they were appointed by the old government.	波兰的新任领导人也不应仅仅是因为上届政府任命的而清除那些有能力的高官。
If you could just finish the abortion your mom botched. 	你就不用这么引人注目了。 
Don't mind if I do. Thank you.	你不介意我直接喝吧。谢谢。
Russia rescues british researcher thanks to sos signal.	英国研究员因紧急求救信号获得俄国的援救。
Pressing case, is it? 	挺紧迫的案子，是吧？ 
I bought you lingerie from America 	我在美国给你买了一套内衣 
You know, a lot of people look up to me. 	你知道吗，很多人仰慕我。 
The fund was heavily oversubscribed and attracted money from several other tech luminaries.	他们的基金被大比例的超额申购同时也吸引了许多技术大牛的资金。
Catherine, where the hell are you guys? 	凯瑟琳，你们到底跑哪儿去了？ 
That's an interesting pair of boots you got. 	你这双靴子真不错。 
A man picks up a pretty young thing 20 years his junior, and his friends crowd around to congratulate him.	男人要是结交了一个小他20岁的年轻漂亮的女孩，他的朋友们就会围过来祝贺他。
Okay, but really pay attention this time.	好吧，这次要仔细看哦。
We often go carolling at christmas.	我们在圣诞节常去.
After you, milady. 	你先小姐。 
Dude,your car's glowing.	伙计，你的车在发光。
We don't make mistakes of that sort. 	在这方面我们不会弄错的。 
Gladly. Let her go. 	好啊。放她下来。 
So I'm good? - you're good.	我很棒吧？你很棒。
All right, a little light reading for the plane.	一点资料给你们飞机上消遣。
World history. 	世界历史。 
We spent all the money we took with us and arrived home broke.	我们花掉了所有带在身上的盘缠,到家时都囊空如洗了。
Why don't you hang onto mine?	不如你帮我保管？
Hey, P the trunk. 	嘿，打开后备箱。 
She keeps shouting out this other guy's name.	她不停地喊别人的名字。
We were just walking along, and I saw a car drive away. 	当时我们在街上走着，然后我就看见一辆车开走了。 
Mummy! I'm running. I'm running really fast! 	妈咪，我跑起来了我跑得很快哟！ 
Lt's like samuel beckett.	这有点像塞缪尔贝克特。
Exactly, the minus applies the problem and the answer.	正、负数应用题及答案。
So I mean it's supposed to be a teacher appreciation lunch, right? 	我是说那本应是一名教师的答谢餐，对吧？ 
Fifteen East. 	东边15英里。 
So I've covered 22-13, 19 and 33. 	我已经检查了22 -13 19和33号病房。 
Thau said vision is the most important of the five senses when it comes to learning, and she is amazed that parents will skip out on a vision test.	肖说，就学习而言，视力的重要性位居五官之首，家长们居然忽视视力检查，这让她感到很惊奇。
Full of fired - up parents, I need to know.	一屋愤怒的家长，我得知道。
Well, they were doing men's jobs-they were entitled to masculine vices.	啊，她们干的是男人们干的活，即使染上男性的恶习也是无可厚非的。
He died in paris in 1938.	在1938年客死他乡于巴黎。
I know that. Of course I forgive you. 	我知道，我当然原谅你。 
Then researchers provided evidence that a dinosaur called sinosauropteryx had a white-and-ginger striped tail.	研究者推测一种叫中华龙鸟的恐龙长有一条带有白姜色斑纹的尾翅。
It's spreading out from the hospital. 	它正从医院向外蔓延。 
Why not? Because we're dead. 	为什么不能？因为我们已经死了。 
Well, that's another problem. It is another problem, isn't it? 	嗯，那是题外话。是题外话啊，是吗？ 
To go see his little League games... 	去看他的小联盟比赛…… 
We were able to successfully remove the abscess 	我们很成功地将脓肿从你心脏切除 
Their leaders are hardline socialists who disagree with mr papandreou's efforts to modernise greece.	他们的领导人是不赞同帕潘德里欧致力于使希腊现代化的强硬派社会主义者。
You got everything. Did not. 	你得到了一切没有。 
You defended your honor.	你捍卫自己的荣誉。
You've been identified as the man who robbed them of $71... 	你在12月18日，以及去年的7月9日... 
Good God, Eustace! What can you possibly be afraid of? 	上帝啊，尤斯塔斯。你怎么可能害怕呢？ 
This famous remark seems to suggest that einstein thought that science and religion were compatible and is often quoted by those who want to claim einstein for the religious lobby.	这条著名的评论，似乎证明爱因斯坦认为科学和宗教是并行不悖的，并且经常被那些宣称爱因斯坦是宗教门徒的人所引用。
Oh, yeah yeah, that show was a huge hit for seven years,	当然，那部片子红了好几年呢，
All I ever wanted to be was an astronaut. 	我唯一的梦想就是成为一名宇航员。 
You barge into my apartment without ringing! It's not normal!	你不按门铃就闯进了我的公寓！这很不对劲！
I look really good in flickering light. 	我在摇曳的烛光中形象很好。 
But you didn't know how, so you hid in the bathroom.	但你不会，所以你躲在浴室里。
She was still when I left. She was alive. 	我离开时她还活着。她还活着。 
To pass it on to her young.	直接传给了下一代。
Acquiring expensive things remained a passion.	名贵物品仍是他们的心头好。
The lowest form of life on earth. 	地球最低等生物。 
That was a good looking uniforms. 	军装很酷。 
Excuse me. I'm looking for a Harold Jenkins.	不好意思。我要找哈洛杰金斯。
Ask your doctor what clinical trials may be available to you. Undergoing chemotherapy for amyloidosis may cause side effects similar to those of chemotherapy for cancer treatment, such as nausea, vomiting, hair loss, infection and extreme fatigue.	询问你的医生，你是否可以参加临床试验，参加淀粉样变的临床实验可能导致癌症化疗相类似的副作用，如恶心，呕吐，脱发，感染及极度疲劳等。
Yet go there you must. 	你必须去那里。 
Well, if they don't go there, they'll die. They may die anyway. 	如果她们不到那去的话，他们会死的她们总会死的。 
Some people have done much worse than l have. 	好多人比我做的错事还多。 
King-size luxury awaits you in our smoking-permitted king rooms, with all the rich comforts of home. 	您在华丽的有烟特大奢华大床房中可以享受家的舒适感。 
Nothing. M - my dash. I'm in my car. I'm on a road. 	什么都没有。就我自己我坐在我车里停在路上。 
They're not covering him anymore. What? Dad. 	他们不再为爸提供医疗帮助。什么？爸。 
Look around the world and the forces are massing.	看看周围的世界，各种力量在集结。
Like my pain meant nothing. 	好像我就不会痛一样。 
That had a very curious ink stain on his hands.	我刚才发现一个家伙手上。
You bring money? 	你带钱来的？ 
Oh, my goodness, that was good fun. 	天呐，这太有意思了。 
In the cosy consulting room the children are surrounded by familiar objects.	在温馨的诊疗室里，孩子们周围摆满了亲切熟悉的东西。
With over 16% of the precincts now reporting... 	在现在所报告的16% 的区域当中... 
The girl that I love more than anything is dying 	世界上我最爱的那女孩要死了 
Every hour of the day, while crowded living conditions 	在群居生活环境中的每个小时 
You wash out the holy vessels here?	你在这里洗涤圣器？
Other products use total immersion as well, but many are a conglomeration.	其他产品使用总沉浸以及，但许多人是一个聚集.
Yeah, you can keep your secret coffee.	偷偷摸摸的咖啡留给你自己吧。
Unfortunately like creatine when it first came out, it's not cheap.	可惜像当初肌酸一出,所费不赀.
All right, maybe I was home those weeks.	好吧，或许那几个星期我都该在家的。
Would you like to join me on - stage? Yes, come. 	你愿意上台和我一起吗？好，来吧。 
Antares, this is control. Have you made contact? 	心大星，这里是控制中心。你们能否联系上他？ 
I'm not collecting friends and I'm not building any farms. 	我不想加好友，不想开农场。 
But I don't want Carol to suffer as I suffered. 	但是我不想让卡萝尔再遭受和我一样的痛苦经历。 
Ah, that is horrible.	啊，这也太吓人了吧。
That's my house over there, with the pink curtains.	我的房子在那边那个有粉红窗帘的。
We're now in the business of building privately run... 	我们私下运行的资金…… 
Given the gravity of the issue, the notion of paying china to solve its environment problems may not be as much of a nonstarter as it sounds.	鉴于其重要性，给中国付费让其解决自身的环境问题并非听起来那样无稽。
Whoever did this has to have been seen leaving the building.	不管是谁肯定有人看到他离开这。
And they don't know who took it. Yeah, but they're a bunch of idiots down there. 	他们不知道是谁。是吗，不过那儿有几个人是白痴。 
I guess so. So tell me about the stickers, the red stickers.	我想是这样。那跟我说说贴纸吧红色贴纸。
Flit! Flit! Flit!	快逃！快逃！快逃！
Ma jiantang, head of the national bureau of statistics, said there would be no return to the era of super rapid growth, and china should aim for something between 7% and 8%.	中国国家统计局局长马建堂说，超快增长的时代一去不复返了，中国应该将目标定在7%至8%之间。
Can we still see such valuable works of calligraphy now?	现在我们还能看到这些墨宝吗？
What is right for us need not be right for others.	对我们来说是对的东西，对别人来说未必正确。
Came up with tons of listings of people with the same last name. 	有着一大堆和他们同样姓氏的人啊。 
Was never for me. Today it falls 	从来不属于我。从今天开始 
Tomas went to see mr. chenka who owned the fruit shop on the corner.	汤姆斯去找在街角开一家水果店的陈卡先生。
...the child's emotional and intellectual growth.	孩子的情感与智力发展
I will definitely become a kung fu master.	我肯定可以成为武林高手。
But l was right. 	不过，现在看来，我是对的。 
How come you do? 	为什么你就会呢？ 
Of course I do. You're my dad.	当然了解。你是我爸爸。
And the outlet again. 	又是出口。 
It was stupid, and now we're... 	很蠢，但现在我们… 
We're the ones who know what business we need, what things need fixing. 	我们知道我们需要什么，什么需要改进。 
Just one more time. don't let me die! I'll do better.	再给一次机会吧。别让我死！我会做的更好。
Our oil - laden ships could be berthed in Kefalonia 	我们的油船就可以整个圣月都停泊在凯法利尼亚港 
Because I've seen it happen before.	因为我以前目睹过。
Now read what you've written. 	把你写下的字念出来。 
The only thing that's -  	只是没有 -  
We're here to see Gabriel Sawyer.	我们找加布里埃尔·索伊尔。
Yeah, but the only story we need to hear is about... 	但我们要听的只有... 
There's a high probability that I will not find your daughter. 	很有可能我就找不到你的女儿了。 
You listen. If you want to punish yourself, because your daughter got sick	听着。如果你指因为女儿生病，惩罚自己
Take him to emergency. OK. 	带他去急诊。好吧。 
Oh, it's not always been easy. Marriage takes work, man.	不是一直这么轻松的。婚姻需要经营。
Sure... If you're auditing them.	当然... 要是你是去查他们帐的话。
Or his brain doesn't work like the other kids' brains work,	或者他大脑不能正常运转，
Is somebody actually at the door? 	是不是有人在按门铃？ 
hey. What can I get you? 	嘿。有什么可以帮你的？ 
Always laughing. Why, is he funny? 	它笑口常开。它为何那麽开心？ 
That's when your brother said that you wanted - my brother?	你弟弟说你想... 我弟弟？
That's why I adduce, nouvelle mercurial vapor, that as of today.	这就是我为什么要说，让我们从今天开端。
One more, and it will be your last. 	下一句话就是你的遗言。 
Background: noninvasive testing for suspected coronary artery disease is challenging.	背景：对可疑冠状动脉疾病患者行无创性检查富有挑战性。
But right now, I'm not in the mood.	但现在心情不好。
By the count of three or I 'going	我数到三不开门我可硬闯了
Hey, honey. - Mm. 	嗨，亲爱的。- 嗯。 
I ain't ask none of you for nothing. 	我可没有对你们有过任何要求。 
You hear a lot of things. He's doing very well.	你听到的倒不少。他的确干的很不错。
But don't do anything I wouldn't do. 	但别干什么越轨的事情。 
How are your feet doing, baby?	你的脚怎么了，宝贝？
Good. if thou knewest our purposes. 	好。如果你能明白我的好意。 
Because if she gets pregnant, I'll be in prison	因为她要是怀孕了，我就会入狱
It's nothing a law license can give you.	不是一张许可证可以给你的。
No one benefits if the financial sector is restrained in a regulatory straitjacket that makes structural change impossible and abolishes growth and innovation.	如果金融部门穿上监管的紧身衣，变得束手束脚，使得结构性改革成为不可能，并破坏增长和创新，那么没有人能从中受益。
I thought you where looking for me because... 	我以为你帮助我是因为你对我… 
What queer finery he wears. I'm not queer! Don't bum me!	他的服装多么怪异啊，我一点也不怪异！别碰我！
Before and after cny is alway busy and blind.	新年前后是忙与盲的劳碌节。
How did he lose his leg?	他的腿怎么没了的？
He refused her invitation politely.	他婉言拒绝了她的邀请。
Neither is there any daysman betwixt us, that might lay his hand upon us both.	我们中间没有听讼的人，可以向我们两造按手。
I mean, when are you gonna learn there are people you can trust? 	你什么时候才能明白有些人你是可以相信的？ 
But somehow Lizzi, young as she was, 	但是丽兹，这么年轻， 
But it would mean everything to him. 	但对他来说意义非凡。 
Item Name: 	物品名称： 
Well, I don't want it around buddy. That much I know. 	我不希望巴迪身边有那些。那我是知道的。 
With the name "you." Finally, we are getting somewhere.	名字是" 你" 的人。最终，我们会有所发现。
This case is over on the grounds of prosecutorial misconduct.	因为公诉人的违规本案结束。
But as a saint of our times has said, every day we are called to do small things with great love.	但是，正如我们时代的一位圣人所言，每一天我们都被召唤带着挚爱去做一些小事情。
It must be an even - numbered day. 	今天肯定是双数日。 
You done it now!	你动手了！
I used to work on the farms, but er... Not any more.	以前在农场，但是…现在没法干了。
But it's me you come home to at the end of it all.	但是最终你还是跟我回了家。
Yeah, I thought dinner was too much pressure. So I just thought coffee.	我想，晚餐太正式了。所以不如喝杯咖啡。
All right. You got your wish. 	好吧。你如愿以偿了。 
Well, he follows the numbers. 	好，他又在追随那些数字了。 
The do - rag still has the juice. Can you imagine what could happen without it? 	头巾是有灵气的。没有它，后果就不堪设想？ 
I hate to tell you this, but your friend is cuckoo for a certain cereal. 	我不想这么说，但你的朋友处境十分危险。 
How we're all subjects of our queen, God bless her,	我们都是女皇的臣民，上帝保佑她，
It works, go for it!	它会起作用的，去接受它吧！
But we don't call it a date, because it's not a date. 	但我们不称之为约会因为那不算约会。 
Today is the Death day of Taka Kula could I burn some incense for him? 	今天是高仓的忌日我想来上柱香行吗？ 
It does. Thank you. 	好受多了。谢谢。 
She said the tragedy began in bed	她说在床上会产生悲剧
What do you think Jenny did with his balls when she cut them off? 	你觉得珍妮把他的睾丸割下来以后拿它们干什么了？ 
Well, I couldn't agree more. I got back to the house with the collar,	好吧，我无比赞同我回去单位跟同事在一起时，
Well, don't you want me to come in with you?	你不希望我和你一起进去吗？
Mmmh, what's that smell? 	嗯，这是什么味道？ 
I have raped too many women.	我强奸的女人太多了。
Come on, babe, it's part of history.	别气啦，宝贝，我在记录历史。
To all the houses on the street 	所有房子的电力供应 
Consumption is heavily influenced by habit.	消费在很大程度上受习惯的影响。
I think a lot of dads a generation ago were like mine.	我想一代人以前许多父亲都像我爸爸一样。
But Drayton is definitely pulling the strings, 	但德雷顿一定是幕后主使， 
The numerous mountains and rivers how can stop my love to you.	千山万水怎么能隔阻我对你的爱。
TV news helicopter, this is milwaukee police air control. 	新闻直升机，这是麦卡基警局空中管制中心。 
Yeah, very weak. - it's underpowered. 	是啊，很不稳。- 力量不够。 
You missed me! Ha!	打不中！哈！
helpHelp me come to you 	我只会更爱你
Very influential.	影响力不小。
I give her a copy of the study and an argument about oxygen.	我给那个护士看了那项研究的文件和一份关于氧气问题的论证。
For the farmer's market. 	去农贸市场吧。 
Right here? What you talking about? Let me see. 	写在哪里了？我看看。 
Sorry. That's nothing. - you just -  	抱歉，没什么。 - 只是 - 
--Pete sonsini, partner, new enterprise associates	——彼得•桑西尼，思颐投资（New Enterprise Associates）合伙人
Oh, thank God! I swear the... 	噢，感谢上帝！我发誓... 
Most economies are still a lot smaller than they were a year ago. On a quarterly basis, though, they are turning the corner.	许多经济体相比一年前虽然显著收缩，但以季度环比来看他们正在转危为安。
Foraging allows you to leave behind your humdrum concerns and inhabit a world full of fresh air, foaming spray and genuinely exciting discoveries.	觅食让你放开一般的关注，而去适应一个充满清新的空气，剥开重重的迷雾，充满激动的发现的世界。
Why did you say it was an odd choice? 	为什么你说这很奇怪？ 
And Babylon so many times destroyed.	几番倾颓的巴比伦。
I need only two. 	我只需要两个。 
You will oblige him, do the work and prove his concerns unfounded. 	你就是辜负他，好好干，证明他的担心是多余的。 
Like many ancient lines 	就像许多远古的线索 
By the time you get this, it will be midsummer's Eve.	当你读到这个的时候，已经会是仲夏夜了。
Cases of recurrent sinusitis and nasal polyps had been operated by revision endoscopic sinus surgery with messerklinger method.	鼻窦内窥镜再手术是治疗复发性鼻窦炎鼻息肉的有效方法。
Always left her, like, a 10 - buck tip.	总是给她，大概，10美元的小费。
Let's give him 2mg of me toprolol, I.V.	给他2毫克美托洛尔。
I know even in my dad's lifetime, 	我知道在我爸那一代， 
But I had the funny feeling all they wanted...	但是我有微妙的感觉他们看上的是我的钱。
Your wedding jeweIs, mother darling. 	你婚礼上戴的首饰，亲爱的妈妈。 
The fdic should get moving on requiring higher depository insurance premiums for banks with risky pay.	美国联邦储蓄保险公司（FDIC）应当采取行动，要求偿付风险高的银行支付更高的存款保险费。
Become a manager or something.	当个团长什么的好像还挺不错的。
Oh, my God, he's so gorgeous. 	噢，我的上帝，他是如此华丽。 
Just wanted to drop off some result's for the next earth transmission. 	希望在下次跟地球通讯的时候可以提供一些研究成果。 
Or is there? Acorns... Acorns are food, right? 	好像还是有的？橡子......橡子也是食物，对吗？ 
That looks so...	它们看起来…
She says there's something wrong with her eyes 	她说她的眼睛出了毛病 
But this may be enough to give us an in. 	不过，这件事也许是个切入点。 
When I thought he was going to...	当我觉得他会动手…
These fruity-colored desktops innovated on several fronts.	这款水果色彩的台式机在不少方面进行了变革。
I tried working on the railroad, but it ain't for me. 	我要在铁路上工作，虽然这并不适合我。 
I've hurt you so much, baby. 	我以前伤害得你那么深，宝贝。 
I'm afraid I'm going to have to kill you 	恐怕我将不得不杀死你 
It works as a cover story.	它的作用如同封面故事。
My client is willing to admit he knows the plaintiff.	我当事人承认他认识原告。
You can save ten small children by failing to help one 60 - year - old man out of the water and into the boat. 	如果只要不去救助一个60岁的老人你就能救下10个小孩。 
You don't know what a Bolshevik does?	你不知道布尔什维克做什么？
But I think you have such beautiful skin and shoulders	但是我认为你的皮肤很好肩膀也很好看
I didn't actually sleep so well last night. 	昨晚睡的一点也不好。 
Oh! I was one away from giving up. 	天哪！我差点要放弃了。 
He's friends with Balenciaga, 	他是巴伦西亚的朋友， 
In week four they started on derrida.	学到第四个星期，他们开始探讨德里达。
I'd like to run some more tests. Very well. 	我要进行多些测试。好的。 
And peeing in a bedpan for, what, six weeks?	六周了，只是对着便盆小便？
He then built a plant capable of mass hamburger production to feed his students and teachers, despite the fact that the majority of his citizens battle famine on a daily basis.	之后他建造了一个大量生产汉堡包的工厂以向他的学生和教师们提供食物，尽管这个国家的大部分民众每天都正在和饥荒作斗争。
Yes, you'll be with me. 	是的，你会与我同在。 
Believe me, I'm just as confused by it as you are...	相信我，我也莫名其妙…
Except lying. What if it's artur who's lying?	除了撒谎如果是阿图尔撒谎呢？
It is also one of the most heritable of all mental disorders, suggesting that genetic factors play an important role in development of the disease.	它也是所有精神疾病中遗传倾向最明显的疾病之一，说明遗传因素在该病的发展中起着重要的作用。
Because all I'm saying is things in our lives 	因为我所说的一切都是我们生活中的事情 
I was a survivor. 	我也是个幸存者。 
This is more like it. 	我宁可要这个，希望你不介意。 
It compels people to some pretty remarkable places.	它会将人逼至意想不到的境地。
Yes, you see, we both have a rather artistic streak ourselves. 	是的，你看，我们俩都特有艺术细胞。 
Communicate designs to business specialists and marketing team members for validation and buy-in.	同商业方面的专家、市场部沟通，确认设计并得到认可。
I'll load it up. 	我拷出来。 
He saw a sick man, a crippled man and a dying man,	他看到了一个生病的人一个瘸子和一个将死的人，
She told me I wasn't being honest with her, and she's right.	她觉得我在撒谎，不过没错。
Because this sort of soft, sugary snow 	所有的这些大大小小的雪崩 
Clean me up. 	帮我弄干净。 
I just want to say 	我只想说
Both point to Caden. 	卡登很有嫌疑。 
Oh. You were jealous. 	哦。你吃醋了。 
And pilots at JFK, parked at the end of runway.	一架加满油的客机和驾驶员。
Let me guess.Wee monkeys.	我看看，袖珍猴子。
And he has given him authority to judge because he is the son of man.	并且因为是人子，就赐给行审判的权柄。
And in 2006, forbesfound that all of the world's top ten most-polluted cities were in china	2006年，《财富》杂志发现，世界十大污染最严重的城市都在中国。
The National Salvation Front has already replied to this series of opposition moves with its own demonstrations.	民族救亡阵线已经组织了示威，以此回击反对派的一系列活动。
My parents killed	你看见的
How much money we're owed in overdue accounts? How much?	我们过期帐户欠了多少钱？多少？
You know I can't make guarantees. 	你知道，我保证不了。 
Our president came back from new York. 	我们的总裁从纽约回来了。 
Especially when it involves a felony.	尤其是涉及重罪的时候。
For 10 whole years.	你不必付出任何代价。
No, we weren't really friends.	不，我们不算朋友。
He had given up roving as horse-trader.	他不再四处流浪贩马为生。
You got to take these guys out. 	你得把那些人做掉。 
Like, we Haven't been hanging out or anything. 	像没约会过一样。 
I have all your practice sessions on CD. 	在盘上面是我收集的你的全部。 
Do you recognize her? 	你认得出她吗？ 
Only the mugger got the worst of it. 	不过，那个抢劫者挑错了对象。 
We will charter a steamer to convey the goods.	我们将租一艘船运送这批货物。
Dooling said the standardized testing says I can't do it.	都林先生说那个标准化考试说明我不够资格。
Why do parents take the chance? 	为什么父母想要小孩？ 
Contingent liabilities of auriga, such as potential liabilities related to previous asset or business disposals, would however have to be assessed.	任何或有负债，例如与其之前的资产或商业活动有关的潜在负债等，都必须经过评估。
Hi. Hello, mate. 	嗨。你好，老兄。 
With 12 Grammys and over 30 million record sales worldwide, 	她得过12次格莱美奖，专辑在全球销量达到三千万张， 
Teething little shit.	偷东西的小混蛋。
Jesus, I'm down! 	天啊，我还在下降！ 
Fowler, what are you doing, man? Drop the goddamn gun!	哥们儿，你在干什么？把该死的枪放下！
Now is the moment you've been waiting for this whole competition. 	整个赛季的等待只为了这一刻。 
You think she'll be good at it? 	你觉得她能行吗？ 
She's probably used to it.	估计她也习惯了。
I don't know what to do anymore	我不晓得怎麽办了
It's just a surface wound. You were very lucky. 	只不过是皮外伤。你很幸运。 
She came here to eat new food, make new friends,	她到这是想吃些新口味的食物，交交新朋友，
I heard she was from London. Yes, 	我听说她是从伦敦来的。对， 
Learn to use the dark side of the force. 	学习运用黑暗原力。 
I still think it's food poisoning. 	我仍然认为是食物中毒。 
You all look very nice. 	你们看上去的漂亮极了。 
Aw, honey, thanks for letting me come. 	宝贝，谢谢你邀请我过来。 
Your assurance is not good enough.	你的保证不足以让人信服。
Hey! All right, calm down. Just calm the fuck down, all right?	好吧，冷静下来冷静一点儿，好吗？
And then you track down the address, right? 	找到地址，对吗？ 
I know you've asked for a lawyer, which was very smart, by the way, 	我知道你要求律师了，我想说这样做真聪明， 
A mutation that doesn't depend on the cell cycle to replicate. 	它不用依靠细胞周期就能自行复制。 
Manned spaceflights were successfully conducted.	载人航天飞行成功实现。
Out of the frames obliterate the faces 	从相框里拿出来弄毁脸的部分 
Cheeseburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches...	奶酪汉堡烤奶酪三明治...
If the treadmill offers a shaky or jerky ride, don't buy it.	如果跑步或者提供肉干坐不稳,不买。
Such a scheme, Mr. Dziabas, only to get laid -  	如此一番谋划，恰巴斯先生，竟然只是为了上床 -  
Liquor was being sent up constantly, shrimp cocktails.	不断有烈酒送上去，还有虾仁鸡尾酒。
In the case of spider monkeys, aureli's team says the raids began after a lonely spell for the males of the eastern community-it was the longest period in at least five years that all of the females in their group had nursing infants, meaning that none of the mothers was ready to get pregnant again.	蜘蛛猴的案例中，奥雷利的研究团队称，东部群体雄性猴子一直找不到配偶时，便发起了袭击这是至少5年内最长的、该群体所有雌性都处于哺育幼猴状态的时期，意味着没有适孕的雌性。
Look, this could be a lot of things.	听着，这有很多可能。
Do what you can, but... 	你尽力就好，但...... 
Funeral. End of story.  	定居了。这件事就这么过去了。 
He stutters when talking; don't push him, let him take his time.	他是个嗑巴，你别催他，让他慢慢说。
Sometimes the best way to forget about someone you care about 	有时候忘掉你在乎的人的最好方式 
Of course. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.	当然，没错。
Has he always been handicapped? 	他是不是一早已断了手？ 
When you're being tortured, there's no end in sight, except giving them what they want.	当你被拷打时，根本没盼头，除非给他们他们想要的。
So I need the van. 	所以要找到这辆货车。 
The browser-based computers allow users to leave their desktop, files, and applications in the amazon-hosted cloud and access them from just about any place or device with an internet connection.	这款基于浏览器的虚拟计算机可以让用户将他们的桌面，文件，应用丢到亚马逊托管的云中去，然后可以在任何有网络连接的地方访问这些数据。
Court lorenzini, docusign's boss and co-founder, says that the method must authenticate, leave an audit trail and make a document "non-repudiable".	docusign的老板也是创始人court lorenzini说这个方法必须要验证，要留下审计的痕迹，并使得文件是“不可拒绝”的。
Is that all? Here.	结束了吗？拿着。
I want them out of here in half an hour. 	半个小时把他们搞定。 
I think the lions are here, atticus.	我想有头狮子在那雅典.
Calm down. Please sit. 	冷静点。请坐。 
I can't exactly tell him where I'm going. 	我不能告诉他我要去哪儿。 
Too late to stop 'em. But not to hang' em. What happened? 	太晚不能停止他们。但不是吊死他们。怎么回事？ 
Especially those that make him unsuitable.	尤其是那些让他不称职的。
There will be an introduction to relevant principles of game and multimedia audio engineering. 	将介绍游戏和多媒体音频工程的相关原理。 
Jasson said the airline had denied him freedom of speech and he was taking legal advice on challenging its policy and recovering costs involved in missing his flight.	杰森说，航空公司侵犯了他言论自由的权利。他会听从律师的建议，迫使航空公司改变决定并补偿他因错过航班所受的损失。
To get pregnant, if you want to. 	很快，可以再尝试怀孕。 
Not your heart? Just your vag?	不是你的心吗？就是阴道吗？
It means we got to get you into some new clothes. 	得先给你来套新衣服。 
Good friend of mine and I are going to India for a few months.	我准备和好朋友一起去印度玩几个月。
We'd stayed an extra week 	我们又多呆了一周 
I know you don't like leaking, but let us reach out to the press. 	我知道您不喜欢向公众泄露消息让我们和媒体交流。 
We have authority to search these premises. - not a problem.	我们拿到了此地的搜查证。- 没问题。
Because we're afraid that the magic	因为害怕结婚以后
To meet the demands of our insanely expanded patient load.	因病人数量急速增加而产生的工作压力。
Integrity aside,	不管正直与否
In the meantime, is there another place that you could stay? 	与此同时，你还有别的地方可以住吗 
Make more people want to kill us? 	招惹更多的人来灭我们么？ 
Because our group will be there too. 	我们的团体也会去。 
If you want to, there's some service receptacles on this first pull - switch. 	你需要的话第一个拉线开关上有些接口。 
Nice officially meeting you. 	很高兴和你正式见面。 
But she chose her own life. 	但是她自己选择了这种生活。 
Cocaine growers in Columbia, 	哥伦比亚的可卡因种植者， 
You gonna give me, the, um, 	你要给我上一堂，这，恩， 
No, pink. Pink dress... - let him cup my bottom.	不，粉色粉色的裙子... - 让他托起我的裙子。
This law ought to be tighter: it mustn't give the criminals just a slap on the wrist!	这条法律应当加严，对犯罪分子决不能只是轻摸轻打一下。
But in the end, this wasn't about racing at all.	最终，这一切却与比赛无关。
The main reason I mention these reviews is not to slight these fine tech authors, but to point out just how difficult ( especially if you don't test it) some of these innovations can be.	我提到这些评论的主要原因不是要轻视这些好的技术作家，而仅仅是要指出其中的一些创新有多么难（尤其是你不去试用的时候）。
I might be able to lower the tomb spell	我可能可以暂时弱化墓穴得到咒语
To pick up movement. 	很难检测到活动。 
What are you talking about? Let's get out of here!	你在说什么啊？我们快离开这里！
I, uh... Promised a friend 	我，呃...答应过一个朋友 
Parker. One second. 	帕克尔。等一下。 
Dooby - do, dooby - do don't let your life pass you by	哒哒哒哒哒哒-不要错过你的人生
L thought you said your parents were dead.	我记得你说过你父母都死了。
It's just a bruise. This is more than just a bruise. 	只是点瘀痕。这可不只是瘀痕。 
If he pulls the plug, I go back to being the resident retard. 	如果他走了，我就会回到以前的状态 
He's been looking forward to this game for months. 	他一直很期待去看这场球赛。 
I am strong enough, sir.	我很好，先生。
If I'm in uniform, no one's gonna tell me anything. Ls that reasonable? 	如果我穿着制服，没人会告诉我任何信息的。对吧？ 
I think I want go New York city.	我想去纽约。
cause I've got a driver's license.	因为我有驾照。
You need to get some serious help, drew. 	你得学会认真对待，德鲁。 
Such negative findings probably explain why monsanto and other biotech firms so vociferously block independent research.	这些负面的发现或许解释为什么孟山都与其他生物技术公司如此喊叫阻止独立研究。
Is there a place we can fort up? The summerhouse.	有地方可以防守吗？凉亭。
Ironically, the much maligned jobs act, which was passed last year, could solve the ipo research problem.	具有讽刺意味的是，虽然备受非议，但去年通过的《创业企业扶助法》（JOBS Act）有可能解决这个和研究IPO公司有关的问题。
Talk to me again after you report on sailing. Maybe we can do something.	做完帆船运动报道后再与我谈，或许我们能做点什么。
So you had them ready?	怎么你早就预备好了就这么几个？
You know what people are saying?	你知道人们说什么？
As a result, to improve the supervision, colleges and universities in strengthening office supervision should establish good working mechanism, pay attention to the form and focus of the supervision, launch in-depth investigations in the grass-root level and build a good supervision team.	因此，在加强高校办公室督办职能的过程中，要建立良好的工作机制、注重督办工作的形式和重点、深入基层调研、抓好督办队伍建设，以期提高督办水平和督办效能。
I canceled the landline. You what?	我取消了固话。什么？
Maybe you're willing to risk your life over this, 	你大概是不在乎为这个冒生命危险， 
We train them, and they get used to it.	我们训练他们，他们习惯了。
This shit will make you wake up the next day sore all over...	它会让你在第二天醒来时疼痛…
Irrespective of political ideology. 	与政治意识形态无关。 
Middle protrusion of the intervertebral disc conservative treatment fitting in with verifies investigation and discussion.	腰椎间盘突出症保守疗法的适应证探讨。
LI just don't know who's out there	我只是不想让你碰到危险
She does possess strong feelings - 	她确实有很强的感觉- 
L have decided that I will leave you and this house forever 	我决定了我要离开你 
Hit it, hit it, hit it careful with your aim	打呀，打呀，打呀，小心你的目标
It's not the most expensive thing you've ever owned.	不是你拥有的最值钱的东西。
Telecommunication connections are being reestablished but 1732 telecom stations still can't be accessed.	电信通讯正在重建，但还有1732个电信站仍然不能正常使用。
Enter a valid mapi profile name. This profile name must be configured and tested for the startup user account of the mssqlserver service.	输入一个有效的mapi配置文件名。必须为mssqlserver服务的启动用户帐号配置并检测该配置文件名。
I'm sleeping in the living room. 	我去客厅睡。 
Better now? Much.	好点了吗？好多了。
She's about, uh, 	她大概，呃， 
You still seeing the, uh, therapist? How's that going? 	你还去看心理医生吗？如何了？ 
Okay. Guys, please head over for me. 	好了。男选手们，请向我走过来。 
She's becoming a woman.	她正在成长为一个女人。
Professor of new testament literature and exegesis, dallas theological seminary, dallas, texas.	新约教授文学和训诂学，达拉斯神学院，美国德州达拉斯。
U. P.S. Lose your shoes?	快递公司把你鞋搞丢啦？
Give me some energy. 	有点活力啊。 
Hold out your hand - no! 	把手伸出来- 不要！
When you are at work take the stairs instead of the elevator, or park a little farther then normal so you walk farther.	当你上班的时候，不要做电梯而是走楼梯，或者把车停的远一点，这样你就可以多走一会。
Such slovenly work habits will never produce good products.	这样马马虎虎的工作习惯决不能生产出优质产品来。
Were you hurt? No, no, I'm just cold.	你受伤了吗？没有，不，我只是有点冷。
Sure, Kathy. Let's see. I'll put your suitcase on this bed and mine on that one. Is that OK?   	当然，凯西。我看看，我把你的行李箱放在这张床上，我的行李箱就放在那张床上。这样可以吗？ 
Hi, this is Emily, sorry I can't take your call right now, but... 	嗨，这是艾米莉，抱歉现在不能接电话，但…… 
Me? She's the one causing all the problems. 	为什么是我她才是罪魁祸首。 
And she says, "doctor, my sister thinks I should try accutane. 	她说，“医生，我姐说我该试试同维甲酸。 
You know, we barely had a chance to hang out, you know, catch up.	我们还没机会好好聊一聊。
That you don't like to get any advice, but I'm gonna give you some anyway, okay?	你不喜欢听人说教，但我还是想给你些忠告？
Our single queen bed room offers a 32-inch high-definition LCD TV, alarm clock, coffee maker and a mini refrigerator. 	我们的单人大床房设有32英寸高清液晶电视、闹钟、咖啡机和迷你冰箱。 
Can we put the streetcar talk to rest? 	我们能不能不谈电车的事了？ 
The man in the photo is a sulphur miner who works at indonesia's famous ijen crater.	图上的男人是一个硫磺矿工，在印度尼西亚著名的ijen火山口工作。
That's why you're gonna have to find a way 	所以你要想个办法 
I'm not an informer. 	我不做线人。 
Why are you launching vipers?	你为什么发射战机？
That's what the place looked like at some remote epoch.	这是这个地方在某个久远的时代的样子。
Ah. Your, uh, client	啊。你的客户
You think she won't do it again? 	你觉得她不会再来一次吗？ 
see you in a second.	待会儿再见。
I got a little nostalgic myself today. 	今天我也变得有一点怀旧。 
I had a meeting earlier at the bank. They like collars. 	我之前在银行有个会。他们喜欢有领子的衣服。 
I'm Kelly it really is such a pleasure to meet you. 	我是凯莉真是高兴见到你。 
Sotomayor, replacing another liberal, presumably does not shift the court's balance.	而索托马约尔，替代另一个自由主义者，大概不会改变法院目前的平衡。
I saw no prisoner ever taken. 	我从没见过战俘。 
It looks like a medic's locker key, but 107's not Lucy's locker. 	像是医护人员的储物柜，但107不是她的柜号。 
Yeah, I know that, Sam. I know.	对，我知道，山姆。我知道。
Some of them even posed for me, right where you're sitting now.	有很多还做过我的模特，就坐你现在这个位置。
With a combination of a fencing foil, nunchuks and turbulence. 	在混乱中，以剑术双截棍的综合运用制服。 
We're out of pop tarts 	我们的薯片吃完了 
And you just don't wanna be . Be around when it's happening. 	所以爆发发生时。你最好祈祷没有处在其附近。 
But you still smoked and lied. 	但你还是抽烟了而且还撒了谎。 
I can't believe you think I'd do that... To you...	我不相信你会认为我会那样做，还是对你那样做。
Then I'm glad it's you.	我很高兴是你。
Never mind, the professor designed this. He will have a way to solve it.	怕什么，这是博士设计的。博士一定有办法解决。
I got a quicker one.	我有更快的法子。
Deutsche bank estimates that a single large emerging market may face a financing gap of up to$ 90 billion, depending on roll-over rates for credit lines, liquidation of foreign positions in bond and equity markets, and domestic capital flight.	德意志银行估计某一个大的新兴市场可能面对的是高达900亿美金的融资鸿沟，这取决于贷款最高限额的滚动利率，债券和资本市场中外国头寸的流动性和国内资本的流动。
And on top of that, I know that you can play a dad 	所以我认为，你能够演好父亲 
But it won't be, next time. 	但是下一次不会这样。 
On Chanyu's order 	奉了大单于之命 
Hey. Where is she? Hatcher's got her in town.	喂.她在哪儿?哈奇已经把她带回镇上了。
Now's as good a time as any, I guess. 	今天和平常一样是个好日子。 
You kind of look like an eagle scout.	你看起来就像个老鹰童子军。
Even if his buyer is jonathan reiss?	就算买主是强纳森赖斯？
These are some ideas for advancing equality of opportunity. There are many more.	这些是促进机遇均等的一些构想，这样的构想还有很多。
Okay, so I'm bad at this.	好吧我真是不在行。
Wait, you're stuck what?	等等，勾住了什么？
And he never mentioned having a pen pal. 	他从没提过有笔友。 
The hairball is my son and your future king.	那个小毛球是我的儿子，也是你们未来的国王。
His hand trembled in spite of himself as he picked up the receiver.	当他拿起听筒的时候，不知不觉手也有点抖了。
Well, what do you say? Let's go for it. No. 	嗯，你说什么？让我们干吧。不。 
You looking for a scar?	你在找打吗？
I auditioned for a Bruce Willis film.	我去布鲁斯威尔斯的电影试镜过。
But there's another possibility - that they crossed the Rio Grande near the sea	但还有另外一种可能性—他们渡过大海附近的格兰德河，
What if he has the training in cutting and stitching but never went to medical school? 	万一他只是受过切割和缝合的训练却从未上过医学院呢？ 
Dressed like what?	穿成哪样？
Incense, cardamom, turmeric powder, are on medication of infected persons and aids, heart disease and cancer patients at risk, the mechanism to be studied further.	香、豆蔻、姜黄粉等，均会对服药中的艾滋病及带毒者、心脏病及癌症病人带来危险，其机理有待进一步研究。
I need to know how long it was going on. How much it meant to him. 	我要知道这已经有多长时间了对于他来说有多重要。 
And he pulls over.	他靠边停车了。
The higher vocational english education is different from the general higher english education.	高职英语教育有别于普通高等英语教育。
Captain Lubbock, Baltimore P.D. 	拉伯克警长，巴尔的摩警署。 
Get back to work. Okay. 	回去工作好。 
Get a tan, huh? Trust me. 	去试试，相信我。 
don't forget your side. 	别忘了你的承诺。 
You gonna leave without saying good - bye?	你不打声招呼就走？
Banquet facilities Hills of Headwater ballroom A & B are perfect for weddings, parties and  ideal for your company's off site retreats and training from 10 to 240 pple. 	源头山舞厅A和B的宴会设施最适合于婚礼、派对，对于您公司10到240人的外出静思会和训练是理想的选择。 
Good evening. What are you feeding me?.	晚上好。你们都给我上了些什么亚？
This handbag is made of superior leather. 	这只手提包由上等皮革制成。 
But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.	你们是编造谎言的，都是无用的医生。
Yes? A few seconds	怎么回事？传送器刚把
I had sex in high school. Me too. I'm good at it.	我高中就有性生活了。我也是，我是情场高手。
If we can afford it. 	如果我们买得起的话。 
You could think of it more of a hazing ritual if it makes you feel better. 	你就当作是升级版的新人招募仪式，这样想就会舒坦点。 
Am I really that uninteresting? No.	我真的就那么无趣？
Oh, come on, how dare you? 	天啊，你竟敢这样说？ 
We got a helluva deal. 	我们做了笔很大的买卖。 
Every success or mistake is multiplied in the public eye.	在公众眼里每一次的成功或失误都会被夸大。
He's originally from Missouri. 	他来自密苏里。 
The doctor had to help the sufferers on national day-quite a busman's holiday.	国庆节这位医生还得给患者诊病真是一个繁忙的休假日。
A second trend has been around the re-engineering of business models, as companies and product suppliers look to further cut distribution costs and increase roi.	第二个趋势主要是围绕着商务运营模式的重新整合，因为代理商和产品供应商都在寻求进一步削减分销成本和提高投资回报率。
I talked to some friends at the falcon society. 	我和我一些猎鹰社区的朋友谈过。 
Top floor rooms with Terrace, DVD player and VIP treatment 	顶层房间带有平台、DVD播放器和VIP待遇。 
So... Why don't I stay up and help you? 	所以... 何不我也不睡觉帮你一起清扫？ 
Eastbound towards 135th street. 	东向第135街行进。 
No! I got a plan and we got to do it. We gotta make it work.	不！我有个计划。我们必须执行它。
My father was the hand of the king for 20 years. 	我父亲当了二十年御前首相。 
As well you might be. Me? Nothing to be ashamed of.	你应该感到惭愧。我？我没什么可惭愧的。
You know, you used to love it when I'd do this. 	你过去很喜欢我就这么做。 
Dr field's team set about the task by analysing ancient records of birch pollen preserved in lake sediments from known mammoth breeding grounds like siberia.	菲尔德博士的小组已着手此项任务，他们分析已知的猛犸象摄食场所如西伯利亚的湖底沉淀物中保存的桦树花粉的远古记录。
I can't leave. I'm sorry. 	我不能走。对不起。 
This winter especially I sometimes observe reddish, "peachy" sky.	特别是这个冬季里，我有时候会观察到淡红色的，桃色的天空。
Come on. Your parents have money. You think? 	得了。你爸妈有钱你以为啊？ 
Relax and enjoy your view of the pool in our non-smoking room with a king bed, coffee maker, refrigerator and microwave for your convenience. 	在我们的无烟房中，您可以尽情放松并欣赏游泳池的风景，房间配有一张特大床、咖啡机、冰箱和微波炉为您提供方便服务。 
I know you're chief of police, but I pay a lot of taxes to keep this neighborhood safe.	我认识你们警察局长，而且我缴了很多税保障这个地区的安全。
We will defend this great city of ours with our lives, 	我们会用我们的生命来保卫这座伟大的城市， 
She managed his successful senatorial run.	她为他竞选议员的成功做了安排。
And to make it worse, there is a makeshift look to the Newcastle United line - up today	更糟的是，对现在的纽卡斯尔队来说
Glad you're feeling better.	你开心了就好。
He didn't give a name. What guy? 	他没告诉我名字。是什么人？ 
Instead, louvre scientists led by philippe walter tried to solve the mystery using a hands-off technique called x-ray fluorescence, which can divulge details about the thickness and chemical composition of a painter's individual brush strokes without damaging artwork.	相反，由菲利普沃特领导的卢浮宫科学家试图不接触画面来揭开她的秘密，他们使用x射线荧光的手段来进行检测，其能够揭露画家每一笔的厚度及化学成分的同时不伤害作品本身。
Not one of her pledges has turned up. 	她答应的一个都没出现。 
The equipmen t manufacturing industry is an important one of pillar industries of national economy development.	装备制造业是一个重要的国民经济的支柱产业之一的发展。
I want to get my hands on that gun just once.	我只要打一次。
Till the ends of the earth. 	哪怕是天涯海角。 
don't put on pants. That'll ruin it.	别穿裤子了。会毁掉那感觉的。
I am a self-willed person, and sometimes very rude and unreasonable.	我是个任性的人，有时候很蛮横。
Do you want her death to be in vain? 	你希望她的死是枉然的吗？ 
I can work on a new accent.	我可以学一种新的腔调。
People began looking across to see where the noise was coming from.	人们开始四下察看，想弄清楚那声响来自何处。
The choppers? They'll go to the pick - up first.	直升机？他们会先到会合点？
I caused you to take out a big ioan 	我害你背全身债 
Waiting for my tea, son.	等我的茶呢，孩子。
There is less violence-and more peace, stability and sustainability.	世界上少了暴力，多的是和平、稳定、持续发展。
Cuneiform texts from babylonian tablets in the british museum.	不列颠博物馆所藏的巴比伦楔形文字文献。
I decided I wasn't gonna let those two dirt bags ruin 	我决定我不能让那两个混蛋毁了 
Well, I'll try not to be too much of a burden, miss Mary Raines.	好的，我尽量不给你添加任何的麻烦，玛丽蕾丝小姐。
Would you tell us your best prices c.i.f. humburg for the chairs?	请告诉你方椅子到汉堡到岸价的最低价格。
You can keep that change as well. 	也不用找钱了。 
Hey, man, what you doing? 	喂，哥们，你干嘛的？ 
I think that the most dangerous thing going into space...	我认为进入太空最危险的情况…
I'll take the bottom and you -  Uh - uh - uh! No, no, no. Here.	我来搬下面，你呢- 不，不，不。拿著。
The student protesters who make up the backbone of the protest movement had earlier rejected the plan because of the contentious immunity clause.	示威学生是也门这场示威运动的支柱，他们早前因为方案中的争议性豁免条款而不予接受。
That sounds like a late night,	听上去要弄到挺晚的，
Because they know I'm not afraid of you. 	因为他们知道我不怕你。 
About a quarter mile from our old house, there was this grove of mulberry trees...	离我们老家1/4英里的地方，有一片这样的桑树林...
Good. - But not her. 	很好。- 但她不行。 
Unfriendly chinese communist is not welcome in taiwan.	台湾不欢迎不友善的中国共产党。
You might just get the needle for that. 	你也许只是因为恼怒。 
Ezek 16:4 and as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all.	结16:4论到你出世的景况，在你初生的日子没有为你断脐带，也没有用水洗你，使你洁净，丝毫没有撒盐在你身上，也没有用布裹你。
No, no, I know, but that's amazing. 	我知道，但这太不可思议了。 
Fireplace, available, only in king fireplace rooms. 	壁炉特大床房提供壁炉。 
You just said that - I lied. 	你刚才说- 我撒谎了。 
I told you that scaffolding violation was dog shit. 	我告诉过你脚手架违规的事是狗屎。 
I really need some antifreeze in me on cold days like this.	我在这么冷的天里真的需要一些酒精饮料。
This is not a booty call.	我可不是要和你上床。
He don't look much, he don't. 	他没有往外看。 
And the eagle's pin - sharp vision can see him.	秃鹰目光如炬，发现了它。
How you doing? - great. You guys are friends? 	你好呀？- 很好。你们是朋友吗？ 
I'm claustrophobic. - get back! 	我有幽闭恐惧症。- 退后！ 
Just like I pretended to like Nana. 	就像我假装喜欢奶奶一样。 
13 children murdered in cold blood. 	冷血杀害的13名儿童。 
Dating for almost a month.	我们已经约会一个月了。
Why is it still closed? 	为什么工厂还是关着的？ 
This way, my Lord. 	大人，这边请。 
I can't do it, sir. I can't drop out of the mayor race. 	我不能这样做，先生。我不能退出市长竞选。 
What year did you say that was? '69. 	你说那是哪一年？69年。 
Really? She seems like such a people person. 	她看起来像是个乖乖女。 
You see these frittering lights in the sky...	你看到天上这些闪烁的光辉...
If fairy tale changes, or if the heroines in the fairy tale change, what girls will we be?	如果童话改写了，或者童话里的女主人翁变了，我们又将成为什么样的女孩呢？
Stand up and hold your hands up 	站起来把手抬起来 
So, when Nancy tells us 	所以当南希让我们 
wasn't too... Vicious?	不会太恶毒了吗？
By the gods! An owl!	神造的！一只猫头鹰！
The imminence of their exams to, let us go	考试即将到了,让我们一起加油吧!
If I headed North, I could swing by your place. 	如果我朝北走的话，就能来你家晃晃。 
You two are coming with me. 	你们两个跟我走。 
A german visitor observed a nation that had overstepped all others "in immorality and addiction to debauchery".	一位德国游客认为这个民族在“道德沦丧和沉溺于情色”方面超过了其他所有的民族。
All right I want to come home now.	好啦 我现在想回家。
If you don't care about being suspended, why are you here? 	你要是不在意停职的事你还留这干什么？ 
They would have nearly finished polishing down all the rough edges. 	双方的稜角都被磨平了。 
A budget helps you to make the most of the value of 50 weeks--sans 2 weeks for vacation--at the office.	预算计划有助于你在办公室最大化利用50个礼拜2个礼拜的假期不算。
That is followed by school fees, home construction and the expenses of a wedding or funeral.	排在其后的是学费、房屋建设以及婚丧嫁娶。
You're a Luthor, and You're.... 	你姓路德，而且... 
I mean, he's not wrong, though.	我的意思是，尽管如此，倒也不是他的错。
Not for long I have friends coming in soon	不会很久的我有个朋友很快要来住
Larry, things. It's personal. 	拉里，就是些事情。私事。 
Stop! Don't say it!	住口！别再说了！
Ah, prepare to be proven wrong. 	啊，准备好俯首称臣吧。 
Okay, awesome, how much is a TV?	好极了，电视多少钱一台？
Two or three times I'd say by the looks of things. 	据我看估计来了两三次。 
When I was on the phone with you. Your brother gonna be there? 	在我给你打电话的时候。你弟弟也会去？ 
Hey! Welcome to the party. 	嗨！欢迎参加聚会。 
I fear it shall be tragically one sided. 	这恐怕要成悲剧了。 
Nevertheless, libya remains an important source of high-quality oil for europe, which would be sorely missed if supply disruptions persist.	尽管如此，利比亚仍然是欧洲高品质石油的重要来源，如果利比亚的供应中断持续下去，那么欧洲一定会深切思念利比亚的高品质石油。
Mr. Ford, I want to thank you, sir, because this loan isn't just for me. 	福特先生，非常感谢你这笔贷款不仅仅关系到我个人。 
And all my big talk, showing off all the time.	尽管我一直高谈阔论，大张旗鼓的。
Casualties are an expected part of covert ops. 	秘密行动中会有人员伤亡。 
Get your hands on some bleach,	在手上抹一些漂白粉，
We need to find him and find out what he did. 	我们得找到他找出他到底干过些什么。 
The earth will not strictly be a service-to-other world until approximately 100 years from the present, at which time it is estimated that the earth will have 89% incarnating souls and be allowed the leap to 4th density.	从目前到大约100年之后，地球才是严格上的“.以服务他人为导向”的世界。到那时，估计地球会有89％的化身为人的灵魂，并允许进入第四密度。
When we caught you trying to escape I could have had you shot.	我发现你逃跑的时候，本来可以杀了你的。
You'll be like lambs to the slaughter.	简直就是待宰羔羊。
No, I'll fire you.	不，我会开除你。
Hey, Kevin. It's Emma. Is Liv there? 	嘿，凯文。我是艾玛。丽芙在吗？ 
By the end of june 2012, banks are expected to establish a core-capital ratio of 9%.	各银行被期望着到2012年6月核心资本比率达到9%。
There has been a series of gruesome murders in the capital.	在首都发生了一连串让人毛骨悚然的谋杀案。
Because your children would have a 300 times greater chance of developing a genetic disorder, which could be fatal. 	但是你们的孩子有比别人高三百倍的几率患上基因缺陷导致的疾病这是非常致命的。 
He didn't even want to do it.	他真的不想去的。
I have to refrigerate it? It's not for me, I don't know 	我要不要先冷静一下？不是送给我的，我不知道 
He's right. I was gonna Google Mac's hell question. 	他懂我，我正打算去谷歌查查麦肯的疑问。 
Two gorgeous ladies. 	两个美女。 
You're not driving without a license?	你不是无证驾驶吧。
Finding babysitters is easier in beijing than in baltimore or balham.	相比巴尔的摩或者是巴勒姆，在北京给孩子找个保姆更加容易。
These fascinating images give a tantalising glimpse of the wonders nature has evolved to see-and the extra functions they bring.	这些迷人的影像展示了大自然进化而成的视觉奇迹，以及随之带来的其它功能诱人的一瞥。
Have a good trip? Fantastic. 	旅途愉快吧？好极了。 
I just called the police. And they're on their way over here.	我刚叫了警察。他们一会就到了。
These wines are all made from grains.	这些酒全都是谷子酿造的。
I'll turn them, Monte! 	我控制他们，蒙特！ 
I found it in the glove box. 	我在一个手套盒子里找到的。 
I need a doctor. Is anyone a doctor?! 	我需要一个医生。有谁是医生？！ 
Just because you're a fucking cop...	就因为你是个该死的警察...
He went into the room where his sister lived.	他走进他妹妹住的房间。
I guess you guys are a little on edge, yeah?	你们之间气氛都挺紧张是吧？
In 50 meters, hang a right. In the cornfield, there. 	再过五十公尺，往右边玉米田开好了，右转。 
High school is the main theme of learning, which I believe is self-evident.	高中的主旋律是学习，这一点我相信是不言而喻的。
What's your name, sir? Yeah, yeah.	你叫什么名字，先生？是是的。
I'm more of a ''soIve your own problems'' kind of Gai. 	我比较算是“自力救济型”的人。 
The girl was benumbed with cold.	那女孩冷得麻木了。
No reference in the case notes to wife, relatives, 	在案件笔记中没有对妻子，亲戚， 
I'm just prepared.	我只是做好准备。
They're expecting you at 9:00. Mention my name. 	你们9点过去讲我的名字就行。 
Great. Lucinda, Eddie, 	很好。露辛达，埃迪， 
He was a good lover? 	他是好情人吗？ 
She's about to become the head of the new York division too. 	整个纽约分局马上就要归她管了。 
But so as not to be rude I was about 	但是你不能那么无礼 
He went to work in the morning, came home at night, didn't talk about it. 	他早出晚归，但闭口不谈工作的事。 
Who'd expect I could have reneged.	可是我居然忘了我的承诺
The giants are dead.	巨人死了。
A crowd of youths started smashing windows.	一群年轻人开始砸玻璃。
Governments must learn to like it.	政府必须学会去喜欢它。
It is as though drops are being superimposed on an earlier drawing of the head.	似乎是先画好头像然后再将血滴附着上去，
That's all I have. No table wine?	我只有这种酒。没有便宜的？
He didn't get the loan, bro. 	他没有得到贷款。 
Oh, sure. No! Absolutely not. 	噢，好啊。不！当然不。 
It's like I told the writer. He doesn't control me. 	好像是我告诉了作者。他没有控制我。 
Is that company I hear? 	我听到有人来了是吗？是的？ 
So your grandmother said this necklace belonged tothe witch that put the hybrid curse on klaus, right?	你祖母说这条项链属于那位给klaus下混血咒的女巫对吧?
Well, you can take a punch. I guess we knew that already, didn't we?	你能打吗？我想我们都清楚，是不是？
You guys don't play fair. 	你们一点都不公平。 
Smoking indoors is also enough for immediate expulsion. Paragraph 7.	在室内吸烟足够是立即暴露。第7章节。
So you can come to terms with his death. 	与死者告别。 
Oh, you shithead. 	喔，你脑子进水了。 
It's spreading out there, isn't it?	它仍在传播，对吧？
There will be a raft of appeals.	接下来就是一连串的上诉。
Come to find out he ain't have on no shoes.	最后发现他根本就不穿鞋
The facebook inc. ipo left some investors seething. For jared white, it left him feeling very lucky.	facebook的首次公开募股（ipo）令一些投资者焦虑不安，但对怀特（jared white）来说，他只是感到非常幸运。
Stardom is really hard on child actors,	作一名儿童明星真的很艰辛，
Interfering with a flight crew, criminal tampering, 	干扰机组人员，非法干预， 
The man needs to get real. I want Billy Beane gone. 	他应该认真起来了。 我要比利·宾恩下台。 
That same day, silver lake raised its offer to$ 12.70 per share.	就在同一天，银湖将出价抬高到了每股12.70美元。
Okay, so what do you think happened? 	好吧，那么你认为他们怎么了？ 
This is where we used to have the Xmas tree, when I was a boy. 	我小时候，我们在这摆圣诞树。 
25.00 mile(s) from Easterwood Airport 	距科利奇站机场 25.00 英里 
His symptoms fit an environmental 	他的症状符合环境因素...
My druid horoscope is poplar tree.	我的德鲁伊树谱是白杨树。
Well, something was interfering with the signal from my remote.	我的遥控器上是发出了干扰信号。
I was just up	我刚参加了你们
The fine weather allures the ladies into the garden.	晴朗的天气吸引女士们来到花园里。
Departing from Narita at 9:55 tomorrow morning.	明早9：55从成田机场起飞。
Me and the people I keep close, we don't talk on the phone none. 	我和手下都很小心，不会在电话里嚼舌头。 
They take the business really seriously, especially the Russian Mafia.	他们把这生意看的很重，尤其是俄罗斯黑帮。
When he said he loved me, that was a lie.	他说他爱我是在撒谎。
You heard about his assignment in North Africa? Something, whispers.	你听说过他在法属北非的暗杀任务吗？听过一点风声。
I don't take it only for playing	我不是把它当作游戏
Instead, it's this happens therefore this happens.	相反，是这个发生了，所以那个发生了。
What choice do I have? None. 	我能有什么选择？没有。 
To the same pains and penalties.	同样是犯伪证罪的。
Like the extensive kiddy porn collect... 	就像你喜欢留儿童色情图片…… 
Good look, bro. 	很好看，老哥。 
But doesn't that make it more complicated for consumers?	但这对于消费者来说不是更复杂么？
Alright you're in luck kid there is a lovely place called the zoo	好吧算你走运小伙有个好地方叫做机械动物园
City hall... 13th precinct... 15th precinct... 	市政厅... 第13区... 第15区... 
That suggests something is at work in the mind of the consumer beyond simple appreciation of a product's intrinsic qualities.	这表明除了单纯对产品固有性质的欣赏外，消费者的某些心理因素在作怪。
Chen's mother, dong lanyuan, does not begrudge her daughter her new pleasures and chuckles over her little luxuries like weekly pedicures.	陈的母亲，董兰媛女士并不羡慕女儿崭新的娱乐方式，甚至还会为她的小小奢侈品，比如周末足疗感到高兴。
She gave orders.	她下令。
Think she would have settled for sloppy seconds? 	想想是不是该为在她疏忽之下的事解释一下啊？ 
Get your game up, baby.	玩起来吧，宝贝儿。
I tell you guys, as soon as we leave the protection of the Bay, 	我告诉你们，一旦我们离开了海湾的保护范围， 
He's quite wily, like his old man.	他真的很狡猾。跟他父亲一样。
I just don't want to butt in where's it's none of my business. 	只是不想插手与我无关的事。 
I'm going to make you the happiest woman on earth. 	我要让你成为世上最幸福的女人。 
But... Let's be done. can't we just be done?	但是放手吧我们能不能就当一切都结束了？
What are you waiting for? Huh? 	你还等什么？嗯哼？ 
That's so distorted and not true!	你在歪曲事实不是那样的！
Planet earth doesn't need saving. 	地球不需要挽救。 
That I thought that a guy who looks like you wouldn't hurt me? 	因为你这样的人不会伤害我？ 
I have your coffee. Over.	咖啡给你送来了。完毕。
It's the most bad day	是最坏的一天了
You gotta, you know, loosen up.	你得完全放松。
And putting you in jars and microscopes	把你的器官跟体液放进罐子跟显微镜下
Kid ? Honestly, we're born in the same year. 	孩子？我们一样大好不好。 
Well, let me see. This batch were...	我看看这一批是...
So in november, when the conflict forced the main road into the jaffna peninsula to close, pathiranage placed a long-distance call and asked: "theva, can I do anything?"	月，正值冲突迫使通往贾夫纳半岛的主要干道被封锁时，派内芝打了一通长途电话给沙瓦那亚加说＂沙瓦那亚加，我能帮你什么忙吗？
Did you hear something? No. Did you?	你听到什么了吗？没有。你呢？
Because you've been a little off. 	因为你看起来有点不对劲。 
Oh, please do. We're not friends. 	打败她吧。我们不是朋友。 
But it would seem that any time bezos now gives to wapo will be time he's not giving to amazon.	然而，似乎贝佐斯在《华盛顿邮报》中投入的任何时间都是本应该用于亚马逊的时间。
Man, I knew she'd be back at work today. 	伙计，我就知道她今天会回来上班。 
Coming together it was nice at the beginning, obviously.	显然合并起初的气氛不错。
He used to run with me, Morty and Jimmy in this real kamikaze firm. 	他以前和我，毛蒂，还有吉米一起做事。 
If it were an enemy that was on horseback,	因为如果是马背上的敌人，
The rooms feature 32-inch flat screen televisions connected with all major cable channels, refrigerator with two bottles of complimentary water daily, tea/coffee maker, iron/ironing board, hairdryer, high-speed Internet, business center with printer and complimentary continental breakfast served daily. 	客房配备了与所有主要有线电视频道连接的32英寸平板电视，冰箱内每天免费提供两瓶水，提供茶/咖啡机、熨斗/熨衣板、吹风机、高速上网、商务中心与打印机，每日免费提供欧式早餐。 
Yes, we did. Read my lips.	对，是的。我们明明就有看我口型。
I see it every time I look at you. I see it right now. 	我每次看到你的时候都能想明白。我现在就想明白了。 
You Iook a lot Iike somebody I know, and... 	你跟我认识的一个人长得太像了，还有...... 
So I think I may have made the mistake of asking "what do you do for entertainment?", 	所以我想我可能错了不应该问你有什么消遣活动吗？ 
What comes out of all the hand-wringing is not a revelation.	所有这些令人绝望的事情都不是什么新鲜事。
Yet there are many reasons why a culture of corruption will persist officials are low-paid and poorly supervised, and the lack of a free press and independent judiciary eliminates any prospect of well-measured oversight.	但是腐败之所以能长期存在是有很多原因的官员工资低，缺乏监督，没有自由媒体和独立的司法系统，这使得有效的监督无法实现。
But I hope that more dispassionate minds rule. 	但我希望理智能占上风。 
And like most unmarried guys, 	像大部分未婚男性一样我不会做饭， 
In fact, technology competency now factors in to every employee's performance review.	事实上，科技应用能力现在已经被纳入了宝洁的绩效考核体系中，成为关系到每个员工绩效考核成绩的一个指标。
But nobody calls her a lady!	但是没人可以称她为女人！
But, apparently, we are to join him. 	不过，很显然，我们要和他一起埋。 
Go ahead. I'll watch her. 	去吧。我来照看她。 
But it's my very, very first time.	但这是我第一次。
Give him the whiskey.	给他威士忌。
Forget the money - let's just go. 	别管钱了-我们直接走吧。 
Sold him fish that make his whole restaurant sick.	给他得鱼毁了他得饭店。
And, you know, just in case there was any doubt, 	万一你还有疑惑请看， 
Well, maybe you should find someone.	或者你该找个更可信的人来搭档。
I asked a nasa scientist how many digits of pi the agency uses for its calculations.	我问过一个nasa的科学家他们取π多少位小数进行计算。
Uh, we'll settle up that check when I get back, all right? 	呃，我回来再和你解决支票的事情，好吗？ 
Hettie: yes, but look at the changing number in the top right-hand corner of the screen.	荷蒂:没错,但看看萤幕右上角那不断改变的数字.
Clock's ticking. 	克拉克的被套料。 
And we alI know how effective you can be 	我知道那些官僚 
Flea-collar maker sergeant's started selling sentry good behavior pheromone collars in april 2009.	蚤项圈制造商警长的2009年4月开始销售哨兵良好行为信息素衣领。
If you won't support me, at least don't complicate things. 	如果你不支持我，至少也请你别把事情弄复杂。 
Alas, one of the reasons the sight is so horrible is that the whippersnapper is likely to be right I fear this one may advance far faster and further than you ever have.	唉！这种场面如此可怕的原因之一是，这个自以为是的年轻人可能是对的恐怕这个人的升迁速度会比你更快，比你升得更高。
The canadian city of vancouver remains the most expensive location in north america, ranked 21st in the index.	加拿大城市温哥华依然是北美地区最贵城市，在生活成本指数榜单上名列第21位。
If you did, you could never love me. 	如果了解了我，你绝不会爱上我。 
Why have you been so weird lately? 	为什么你最近总是这么怪怪的？ 
Still Every day. 	每时每刻都思念你。 
Guys,I think I know what connects the victims.	伙计们，我想我明白受害者的共同点了。
But I need you to call me back. I don't know who I can trust.	但是我希望你能回我电话因为现在我不知道谁能相信。
Generally speaking, moral formation and the development are in four basic rules: inherent, legal factors, beyond and stage factors.	总体说来，道德的形成和发展具有四条基本规律：内化律、因素律、超越律和阶段律。
Four will be left behind. 	另外四人将留下。 
Go ahead, Hilda, I've got some business to see to 	去吧，希里达，我有事要做 
I'll get started on the doc. 	我去查文件。 
What their president said 	他的总统说过什么 
Foreign secretary david miliband also held talks with foreign minister yang jiechi on sunday afternoon.	周日下午，外交大臣戴维米利班德也与中国外交部长杨洁篪举行了会谈。
We have got you on kidnapping. Attempted murder... 	你涉嫌绑架、杀人未遂…。 
I need a black belt for him. 	我要给他个黑带。 
This work on the side especially the music documentaries has become increasingly vital for scorsese.	这些兼职工作，特别是音乐纪录片，对斯科塞斯而言已经越发至关重要了。
Basic is the default authentication method curl uses with proxies.	基本身份验证是curl使用代理服务器时的默认身份验证方法。
Rest of the place is clear. 	其他地方都没异常。 
Hey, I lied. I hate opera. 	嘿，我撒谎了。我讨厌歌剧。 
I was taken prisoner by forces loyal to Saddam Hussein. 	我被忠于萨达姆的势力俘虏。 
So, what, you're just, you're just okay with being flaky?	所以，怎么，你可以接受你是个怪物？
Under different self-monitoring level, spokespersons have different significant positive influence on advertising effects.	在不同的自我监控程度下，广告代言人对广告效果有不同显著的正向影响。
Be quiet. It ain't safe yet. 	安静点，还不安全。 
You explain it very well. 	你说得非常清楚了。 
Because you're not worried. 	因为你一点也不担心。 
Because the people weren't fed when we got to the location.	因为我们在片场的时候她没有给工作人员订餐。
I don't think he walks on water the way you do... 	我不认为他和你一样走在水上。 
I just hacked into your system because	我刚黑进了你们的系统
But where we're really gonna make our money is in Asia. 	但我们真正想在亚洲赚钱。 
So, let's go. What's the matter?	所以，咱走吧。等啥呢？
I left you money on the counter, but you don't have the right size. 	我把钱放在柜台，不过尺寸不合。 
Fred, how was the wedding?	佛瑞，婚礼还好吗？
You look tired how are you?	你看起来无精打彩，还好吧？
This year your idol will be crowned at the Nokia theater live. 	今年偶像冠军将在洛杉矶诺基亚剧院接受桂冠。 
Of upholding both human rights and cultural diversity. 	有着令人引以为豪的传统。 
Cool, homes. don't get him going. 	冷静，兄弟。别让他跑了。 
But the dazzlers weren't completely harmless.	但激光闪耀器并不完全无害。
School teachers; so a school teacher is someone who has an education, 	学校老师；学校的老师受过良好的教育， 
I'll take the chocolates 	我要巧克力 
But in my case this stage was taking too long. 	但是对我而言，这过渡期也太长了。 
Do you think you can fight us single - handed? 	凭你一个人还能有什么作为？ 
You said that the environment 	你说过环境对你丈夫 
Wages will be lower than in china and ethiopians have a tradition of handicraft.	在这里支付的工资要会比中国低，而且埃塞俄比亚人有手工业传统。
You have to stop, mom, they're here.	你得停下来了，妈妈，他们来了。
Bad news. There's no hot water - what? I gotta take a shower. 	坏消息。老公，没热水- 什么？我得洗个澡才行。 
As a matter of fact, wang yi-sheng embodies tao culture and chivalrous culture.	其实，王一生是道家文化和侠文化的结合体。
I betray them, 	我背叛了他们， 
But we did spot a lot of other cars being dropped off. 	但我们确实发现了许多其它被偷的车辆。 
Okay, now pour on that brown soap. 	好了，现在把棕色液体皂倒在上面。 
But it'll be less stupid and lame if you were there.	但是有你去了就不会。
Because I really want to kiss you.	因为我好想吻你。
How shall I see you through my tears? 	为什么我会泪眼朦胧地看着你们？ 
For two people who claim to be no longer pair - bonded,	对不可能成为伴侣的两人来说，
I'm good, bud. How're you? Big day, huh?	我很好，兄弟。你呢？大日子哈？
Well, I was gonna come back, but I had a little incident. 	是啊，我本来想回去继续打可惜出了点小事情。 
Hey, UMP, get off your knees. You're blowing the game! 	嗨！裁判，快滚吧。你把比赛搞坏了！ 
Where's Elizabeth?	伊丽莎白呢？
Well, we believe that your son was involved in a robbery at,	我们认为你儿子涉嫌，
Damn, I am profound.	奶奶的，我太有深度了。
Hey, buddy. Got the time 9:06. 	嘿，伙计。现在几点了9：06. 
One TDH dinner each evening per person. 	每晚为每人提供一份TDH晚餐。 
Stay away from Hoyt. 	离霍伊特远点。 
I fell asleep by a stream. Where have you been? 	我在小溪边睡着了。你去哪里了？ 
She answered me very directly and openly.	她非常坦率地、开门见山地答复了我。
How would we know anything anyway? Yeah, right.	不管怎样，我们怎么会知道一切？是的，对。
And he's hired me to work the point	他雇我做这个工作
In an arena where cutthroat is goo 	在角斗场上凶残是好样的 
You don't understand. Please!	你不明白。求你了！
Any idea where he racked his supplies? 	他怎么弄到工具的？ 
He started up the shore with the mast and furled sail of his boat. Once he fell under their weight and lay patiently until he could gather his strength. In his shack he fell on his bed and went to sleep.	他拿着桅竿和卷起的船帆，往岸上爬去。有一次他在重压下跌倒了，他耐心地躺在地上，积蓄力气。等他进了自己的棚屋时，他一头倒在床上就睡。
You seem to know my mind better 	你好像更能看透我的心啊 
Oh, who, by the way, was the answer to my record - breaking daily double win on jeopardy. 	哦，顺便说下，他是我在电视游戏 中创造破纪录奖金的问题答案。 
News flash, detective - 	新闻速递，警探- 
YONKERS, the new York YONKERS? Yes. 	扬克斯，纽约的扬克斯镇？是的。 
Oh, come, Frederick. 	得了，弗雷德里克。 
A law affirming that to continue after a certain level of performance has been reached will result in a decline in effectiveness.	一项定律证明达到某一标准的表现，如果不间断的继续进行，会导致效果衰退。
Asked you to collaborate.	是你们俩合作的。
Stop the C - stop the goddam cab! 	停下... 可恶的出租，停下！ 
We'll take all afternoon. 	我们会吃一下午。 
I'm Ann. Ann Marai. Sorry about your sister. 	我是安。安•马劳伊。对不起你的妹妹。 
Yeah, it's not ringing any bells.	好吧，我反正是不认识。
Israeli watch brand itay noy has released new x-ray collection.	以色列手表品牌itay noy发布了最新x-射线收藏款。
I really think he's gonna be okay without it.	我真的觉得他不穿也没什么。
Finally understand that the original spring and the end of time is an impossible dream.	终于明白，原来春暖花开和地老天荒都是遥不可及的梦想。
Sure. I used to use mayonnaise a lot.	当然。我过去常常经常使用蛋黄酱。
we just gotta hope spike's not the chatty type.	我们就只能希望酒商别到处宣扬吧。
This dog doesn't even have one spot on him. 	它身上连一个点都没有。 
Oh, well... One of these days. 	但总有一天会成功的。 
You know, that's a good fact.	你知道不，这是个不错的论点。
Run away, Nathaniel.	快跑，纳撒尼尔。
I'll confirm with you later.	过会儿我再与你确定一下。
I don't know. - All right, all right,	我不知道- 没事，
Yes, beautiful, very nice 	很美，真是个好地方 
And, like, I just feel like a fat, dumb, fucking stinky ass - turd when I'm there. 	但我在那我觉得我就像个又胖又蠢还他妈俗不可耐的人。 
Do you want to bait your hook or shall I do it?	你想你的钩饵或者我应该怎么办呢？
They want us to keep looking. 	我们继续侦查。 
Why you do that? I'm gonna tell mom and dad. 	你干什么？我要告诉爸妈。 
His favourite metaphor is that toyota's engineers should be like chefs, seasoning their cars with tantalising flavours.	他最喜欢的比喻是：丰田的工程师应该象厨师一样，用诱人的调料给他们的汽车调出美味。
I thought you did too. 	我以为你也知道。 
You Haven't acted in any movie for a year.	听说你已一年没拍戏了。
Make up and scenery shots on the other hand, are superior to most others.	另一方面，化妆和场景拍摄均优于其他大多数影片。
Most are young, male and come from poor neighbourhoods. Many are black.	大多数都是来自贫困社区的年轻男性，很多都是黑人。
What's so mysterious? 	什么神秘的东西？ 
You're gettingng suspended? 	你要被停职啦？ 
That you use your legs.	如何去运用大腿。
They flee from the army, but she dies during childbirth.	他们逃离军队，但她在分娩过程中死亡。
They're certainly not consistent with the markings on the previous five victims.	显然和之前5个受害人的伤痕不吻合。
Hi. Chandler. Do something 	嗨，钱德，做点什么吧！ 
Why don't you roll over like a good boy. 	你干吗不像一个乖小孩一样转个身。 
So we're fine? Oh, we are. Fine. 	很好？是很好。 
Feinting to take a penalty kick to confuse opponents is permitted as part of football.	用假动作迷惑对方踢罚球点球作为足球比赛的一部分是可以的。
If not... I need to talk to them first. 	如果不照做…先让我和他们说几句。 
You keep a lot to yourself. 	你太孤僻了。 
You know, the last time somebody asked me that it was an accusation. 	上次别人问我这个是在法庭上。 
Tell miss Downes I need a bathroom break, okay?	告诉唐兹小姐我要去趟洗手间，好吗？
Say what you gotta say. 	想说啥你就说。 
They're disengaging it now. 	数据已经开始传输。 
I'm mr. Stocking. 	我是长袜先生。 
He came to ask for your help. I promised him you would. 	他是来寻求帮助的。我保证你会帮的。 
Because his bride...	因为你的新娘…
Those who warn of the danger of europe becoming dependent on russia see russia-eu relations in black and white and try to fit them into the obsolete mould of "friend or foe".	那些对欧盟日益依赖俄罗斯的危险提出警告的人们，以一种“黑白分明”的眼光看待俄罗斯与欧盟之间的关系，试图将这种关系套入“非友即敌”的过时模式。
The axis of worry has shifted to asia.	担忧的轴心已经转移到亚洲。
Before I got nodes.	我记得那里是什么样...
We're supposed to be problem solvers. Solution brokers. 	是解决问题提供点子的人。 
He never got it. 	他一直没收到。 
Creating countless new landscapes...	创造了无尽的地貌…...
Merely expanding the orchestra's repertoire will not be enough.	吉仅仅扩大了乐团的演奏曲目将是不够的。
It's not me that I'm worried about, okay?	我不是担心我自己？
I wake up and can't fall asleep again. 	一醒来就无法再睡着。 
But you needed a last - minute plus - one and I am all about growing these days. 	你需要个最后一刻找到的同伴而这些天我都有在成长。 
She'll never bother you or Heidi ever again.	她再也不会来打扰你或海蒂。
But I still work for tips.	但是我还是靠小费谋生。
Try our boardroom for meetings up to 14. 	体验我们可容纳14人的会议厅。 
So it was no surprise that when the deng who had been village chief for 30 years stepped down in april, he was replaced by another deng.	所以，当了30年村长将于4月份下台的邓会被另一个邓取代，这毫不为奇。
But what really clinched it?	但什么让我下定决心呢？
To remove national or local government controls or rules frorr esp. business activity.	尤指企业活动使脱管于国家或当地政府。
The carpenter looks down on a gentleman, often from the fish on ancient tablet a few difficult words make fun of a gentleman.	木匠看不起先生，经常从古碑上查出一些难字来戏弄先生。
The killers have no trouble in overtaking.	它们可以很轻松地袭击幼鲸。
Smoke! Smoke! Sign of the devil sign of the devil. City on fire! 	有烟！有烟！恶魔的标记恶魔的标记。城市的业火！ 
Nearly every large economy has plans to win global market share and create green jobs.	几乎所有大的经济实体都有着争取全球市场份额和创造“绿色”工作的计划。
I'm not -, you now what?	我不是，你知道吗？
The study of the role of intermolecular electron transfer in physiological processes.	生物电子学生理过程中分子间电子转移作用的研究。
By the time this campus wakes up, I want a handle on this. 	在校园苏醒之前，我希望能处理好这个。 
33 years on duty, without sleep! I never said you could start! 	三十三年来废寝忘食的值班！我从没说过你可以破戒！ 
Is it me, or do Draco and mummy look like two people... 	我是看花眼，还是那真是德拉科和他老妈… 
...a philistine city lacking in elegance.	难登大雅之堂的平庸城市
Hey, mom, pop, I thought y 'all were going out. 	嗨，爸，妈，我还以为你们出门去了。 
Most alabamans trace the change back to 1993, when the state managed to land a mercedes plant. This was a$ 300m investment that gave alabama a big credibility boost. Honda and hyundai plants followed and the state now has over 300 car-related companies.	大多数阿拉巴马人认为这个改变可以追溯至1993年奔驰在这里建厂，这个价值3亿的投资使阿州威望大增，随后本田和现代也落户于此，目前为止该州与汽车业相关的公司已超过了300家。
It was obviously on purpose. What do we do now?	他们故意的。现在怎么办？
Okay, hi. I just need a bird. 	嗨。我要买只鸟。 
Come on, ready...	算啦，准备……
We're gonna be boring high school students	我们就是一群无聊的高中生
We're gonna hang on to that for a second. Yeah. 	我们要多看一下这份名单。好。 
What about my shorts? Dad, nobody's gonna touch it.	我的短裤呢？爸，没人会碰你的短裤。
At the bottom of someone's garden...	在某人的花园里…
When the cherry trees are in fuli blossom.	当樱树上开满樱花时。
Where? Right over by that fence. 	哪里？那个栅栏旁边。 
You've changed, you know that? Where's the mina I used to know?	你变了，你知道吗？我认识的那个明娜到哪儿去了？
Mom didn't say. Did she go to the market? 	妈妈没说她去市场了么？ 
I've done something awful! 	我做了一些可怕的事！ 
cause I'm saving her ass right now. That's it. And if anyone complains,	因为我救了她的屁股。就这样吧。谁有怨言的话和我来说，
There is some chance of that. But it probably cannot be reversed, "he said, speaking on the fringes of the annual world economic forum in davos." That means we will pay a price in jobs, just as we are seeing with the auto sector.	当然存在一定可能性，但这一趋势可能无法逆转，”鲁索在一年一度的达沃斯世界经济论坛（world economic forum）的分会场中表示，“那意味着我们将付出就业岗位流失的代价，就像我们在汽车行业看到的情况一样。
Oh, honey, no. 	哦，亲爱的，快停下。 
I can't see that anymore, it scares the hell outta me	我不看了，吓死我了好怕呀，走，走
I haven’t done anything wrong, I swear. You've been destroying things.	我发誓，我没做错什么。你一直在拆毁东西。
Which way, Sam?	往哪边走，山姆？
I don't care, company rules allow only 25 minutes for a delivery 	我不管，公司规定，每趟二十五分钟 
Now for just one night, could you try toe responsible?	就一晚而已你不能试着担些责任吗？
That's now seeing a huge boom in corn to produce biofuels,	如今回生物原料而繁荣的玉米带，
As a result, the cost of maintaining its huge nuclear arsenal looks increasingly burdensome.	因此，维持庞大的核武器规模似乎正成为日益沉重的负担。
I nearly got killed. Accidents happen. 	我差点就没命了事故时有发生。 
Why, if he's supposed to be, like, this super-advanced robot,	为何他这种超级先进机器人，
But one of the principal justifications you gave for the incursion 	但在您为这次入侵的辩解中有一条 
What does it do?Just hit it.	会发生什么事？你只管按。
Thanks. I was just improvising. 	多谢夸奖。我只不过是即兴创作而已。 
The white shirt of a doomed man pleading for his life.	穿着白色衬衫的临刑者正哀求着免于一死。
And his mother has been dispatched in the boat. 	他妈也安排上了小船 
Is it possible that the reason you didn't call 	你没给他们打电话的原因 
I'm at a motel somewhere near the state line. 	我在一个汽车旅馆州界线的附近。 
Trust me, I know these people.	相信我，我知道这些人。
At the end of the week you get a nice paycheck. Dockworkers do very well.	到了周末你会拿到一份不错的薪水，码头工人很不赖。
Just doing nothing. Standing there. 	他什么都不用做。站在那儿就行。 
Not on foot. You say you can get a car? Yes. 	别跑。你不是说你可以搞到车吗？是的。 
Wait... Irmi stayed with him until the very end?	等等……伊尔米一直到最后才离开？
Anaphylactic shock was suspected, so iv hydrocortisone and a plasma expander were given; this normalised bp but had no effect on her other symptoms.	由于怀疑为过敏性休克，给予静脉注射氢化可的松，补充血容量。血压恢复正常，但她的其他症状没有改善。
I need to feel like you want me to know you.	我需要感觉你希望我了解你。
We've got to control her blood pressure. Start her on a calcium channel blocker. 	我们得控制住她的血压。给她用钙通道阻滞剂。 
That my mom is moving four States away. 	你高兴死了是吧。 
Why don't you just go and arrest them all? 	为什么不直接过去然后逮捕他们所有人？ 
Come stay with the BEST WESTERN Hotel Plaza Matamoros, we will make sure that your stay is a pleasant one! 	来入住马塔莫罗斯贝斯特韦斯特广场酒店吧，我们保证异地能鞥为您提供美好的住宿体验。 
Do you want to see the original? 	你想看原版的吗？ 
With half of all africans under 18 years old, in 2010 more african raw material-boys with prodigal footballing gifts-will be signed by top clubs.	在2010年将有更多的非洲新人拥有可以挥霍的足球天赋的男孩们和半数未满18岁的非洲孩子一起接受顶级俱乐部的签约。
Yes, hello? Your timing was perfect. 	喂？你打来的时间正好。 
I can only imagine what you're going through right now.	你现在的心情我能体会。
Is celebrity fragrance.	是名人品牌香水。
She's got to be someone special.	她一定是很特殊的人。
When the very first early bipedal hominids came out of the forests in Africa into the savannahs	当第一批双足原始人离开非洲森林来到热带草原
Took it real serious. I didn't. She took offense. 	把它当真了。但我没有。所以她不高兴了。 
We have 2 great kids 10 and 6.	我们有俩孩子一个十岁一个六岁。
I'll call you in a bit. 	我到了过会再打给你。 
For context, 2012 was the second-best year on record for pe secondaries fundraising ( after 2009) with$ 20 billion in capital commitments, and effectively tied 2011 for the most-ever deal volume with around$ 25 billion in transactional value.	可做参考的是，2012年是私募股权二级市场募资规模第二高的年份（仅次于2009年），资本认缴额200亿美元，交易量与2011年持平，交易额达到250亿美元左右。
Entering the passenger deck. 	突入客舱通道。 
Like, next year that's gonna be out last year. How crazy is that?	比如，明年将是我们在这儿的最后一年。这是多么疯狂啊？
I saw in the paper that Mrs. French had been found dead with her head bashed in. 	我从报上看到消息，说弗伦奇太太被发现死于家中，头部遭到重击。 
A friend of mine did. right. 	我朋友。嗯是的。 
We were never gonna keep up the secret.	我们无法隐藏这么多的秘密。
I will bring her home. How's it been going? 	我要把它牵回去。过得怎么样？ 
But then other times... 	但另些时候... 
So no one comes in or out without Ari seeing it. 	所有人的进出都逃不过阿里的法眼。 
Worse, their debt and interest payments would remain in euros and keep rising, while tax receipts fall.	更糟的是，这些国家的债务和付息仍以欧元计价并保持增长，但税收却在下降。
Well, I would start with the biscuits. They just came out of the oven. 	恩，我会从饼干开始吃。它们可是新鲜出炉的。 
But I just... I just...	可我就是... 我就是...
If the defendant correctly points out 	如果被告正确地提出 
This proposal circulated in a few days from maine to new orleans by the power of the printing-press: the opponents of the tariff adopted it with enthusiasm; meetings were formed on all sides, and delegates were named.	这个提议通过印刷出版的力量几天之内便从缅因州传播至新奥尔良：关税的反对者积极的采用了这个建议；到处召集会议并选举代表。
Much of our stress response is self-induced.	我们的许多压力感是由自己引起的。
H-p and dell have invested heavily to expand in china but still trail far behind lenovo in the country.	惠普和戴尔虽然为扩张中国业务也进行了大举投资，但在中国市场上它们仍远远落后于联想。
I'm gonna, um, make some tea.	我去泡点茶，你喝吗？。
I want the tapes that you made of our conversation, the original DATS. 	我要我们谈话的录音带原版的那卷。 
Just that I'm really happy.	我只是太开心了。
And then we move on to this. Look! Look!	再看看这个，看看！
Where'd it all go?	它们全都去哪儿了？
Well, consider this a going away present from whoever it is that owns it. 	好吧，那就当送你远行的礼物吧不用管它是谁的了。 
This year's founder's award...... 	今天的创始人基金的获奖人是...... 
Stop it, or I'm gonna have to cut you.	住手，要不我就砍你了。
The president is a crook! 	布兰达总统是个骗子！ 
That means we have plenty of time to get you up to speed on all the changes, and help simplify the complexities of the transition to dtv.	这意味着我们有足够的时间让你可以促进所有这些转变，可以有助于简化向数字电视转型的复杂程度。
Everybody's got to have someone. 	所有人都需要有人来呵护。 
I'll park at the corner.	我去把车停在那个墙角。
What the fuck you doing? Let him go. 	你这是干什么？放他走。 
I kind of don't want to turn him in. 	我不想告发他 
Team work and the will to win.	团队合作和对胜利的渴望。
So, don't. don't do it. You don't have to. 	所以，别做了。别想这个了。不是一定要想的。 
One page after the other... 	一页一页的... 
He knows helen is going steady with michael.	他早知道海伦与迈克尔的关系很稳定。
He wants us to think it's over. 	他想让我们认为一切都结束了。 
But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?	对我爸妈而言那已经不新鲜了？
When you open a pre-designed label, postcard, or business card publication wizard, you see one publication containing sample text.	当打开一个预先设计的标签、明信片或名片的出版物向导时，可以看到一个包含示例文本的出版物。
Of course I will. Dewey? 	当然逃得掉。杜威？ 
I'll go, it's my turn	我去吧，该我了
I did some deep breathing.	我做了几次深呼吸。
What, an assistant gunman? A tough guy?	做，杀手助手？打手？
The streets are Clogged with reporters! 	报道团拥挤在车的周围但是看不到里面的样子！ 
We're getting closer, but we're not there yet. "	我们正在取得进展，但还没有完全成功。
Let's get these pillows off her.	把枕头从她手里拿出来。
cause I suggested it and she refused.	因为我跟她建议过去看医生但她拒绝了。
We eat what we can, what we can't we can.	我们吃我们能力所及的，能人所不能。
You infiltrated a classified government firewall. 	你侵入了一个机密的政府防火墙。 
A collegial atmosphere is essential.	学院氛围至关重要。
Gm ceo roger smith had bled gm dry with his factory automation schemes and grandiose spending plans, and gm had little cash to divert to saab, which was already suffering from underinvestment.	当年由于通用CEO罗杰•史密斯抛出了工厂自动化方案和宏大的支出计划，导致通用的现金所剩无几，更别说资助严重缺乏投资的萨博了。
And if you've shown up 10 minutes earlier, we'd still have Jackie boy's head 	如果你们早来10分钟杰。基小子的头还会在我们手里 
76-74, so the only shot we can think about taking is a	74比76了，所以我们必须要有一个
Stellar motion can be used to calculate what the sky will look like for hundreds of years in the future or the past. 	恒星运动能用来计算未来或过去几百年间天空的样子。 
You cretin. Fuck you.	你个白痴。你他妈的。
How much do you usually eat just two bowls of rice.	你通常吃多少就两晚碗饭.
A little help would be appreciated... 	感谢帮助... 
He's not alone in his failure to follow his own professional advice.	他并非唯一一个不遵从自己的专业建议的人。
All right. Removing the aortic cross - clamp now. 	好了。现在要移除大动脉十字钳了。 
Rollaway beds available, 10.00 USD charge 	提供折叠床，收费10美元。 
Needs to be activated to open the gates to brd.	需要启动才可以开启到上层的闸门。
When we had your parts 	当我们有你的零件时 
Pull over here before I grab the wheel or your hair or both!	在我抓住方向盘或你脑袋或两者前快停车！
The study of information security operation under network environment is not only comprehensive but also profound.	网络环境下的信息安全对抗研究不仪具有一定广度，而且具有深度。
Now, I'm sorry, but you should have put a bullet in the back of his head	我很抱歉，但是我得说在他踏上飞船的那一刻
You want to stop us arrest us. 	你想阻止我们那就逮捕我们。 
Wild birds raised in captivity.	关在樊笼内喂养的野鸟。
I wouldn't miss your anniversary, man. 	兄弟，我不会错过你们的纪念日的。 
And now I will rest.	现在我要休息了。
I can't believe she used that story.	不敢相信她用了那个故事。
Ilm was spawned out of star wars.	ilm是星球大战的产物。
Kathy, I'm scared! 	卡西，我好怕！ 
You gotta show a little respect.	你得表现的尊重一点。
We have to be at our best for the American.	当我们替美国人演奏时一定要表现得很好。
The chinese government has been supporting nepal's peace, stability and development, and is willing to continue to provide assistance within its capacity.	中国政府一如既往地支持尼和平、稳定与发展，愿继续为此提供力所能及的帮助。
Come on, buck, swallow this! 	乖，布克，把药吞下去！ 
A survey of oyster habitats around the world has found that the succulent mollusks are disappearing fast and 85 percent of their reefs have been lost due to disease and over-harvesting.	在世界范围内牡蛎栖息地的调查中，这种多肉多汁的软体类动物正以飞速消亡，与此同时由于病害与过量的捕捉85%的（牡蛎所赖以栖息的）群礁也在消亡。
Helped him cheat? I knew about it. 	帮他作弊吗？我知道。 
We had 30 seconds of interaction before he saved my life, and... 	他救我前我们大概只交流了30秒钟。 
Put your hat over your face.	把你们的帽子盖到脸上。
He's caught! He's a mainlander 	抓到了！是内地人 
But dai li was dead, and it was bad weather that did it, not the oss.	但是戴笠确实死了，而且是恶劣的天气造成的，并不是战略情报局。
Excellent! I think we have what we need. 	太棒了！我想要找的东西已经有了。 
Guess some things don't change with age.	有些事不会随年龄而改变。
Why don't you take a seat in the patients' lounge?	你为什么不在病人休息区坐下来等呢？
Mom, don't look down 	妈，别往下看，好吗？ 
Mom. I'm selling weed. It's as close to recession - proof as it gets. 	妈，我卖的是大麻。这可是最能经受经济衰退的行业。 
She's not very realistic	她不太现实
He said if I walk the country, my wish will come true.	他说过如果我徒步横越全国，我的心愿就会实现。
But what if they are endowed with expression, limbs or actions as human being?	但是，如果它们被赋予了像人一样的表情、四肢或行为会怎样呢？
A catastrophic meltdown is a sombre possibility.	灾难性的反应堆熔毁是一个令人沮丧的可能性。
Your father's lying on the floor and I can't open the door.	你爸躺在地上，我无法进去。
But there were three other fosters in that home.	但那家里还有三个寄养的孩子。
You tried it last time. It didn't work.	你上次就试过了。它不顶用。
The universities and college union ( ucu), which represents lecturers, warned the government against "increasing the financial burden on the individual".	代表大学老师的英国高校联盟告诫政府“不要试图增加民众的经济负担”。
I tried so hard to make her understand, but -	我很想让她明白，但是...
Sir Michael Parkinson. 	有请迈克尔帕金森爵士大人。 
But they won't do shit about 'em' cause it's dirty money. 	他们不会查的这是黑钱。 
Do get on with it, man. Yes, yes. 	拜托，直说吧。好的好的。 
What?  what's the glow for?	怎么了？为什么红光焕发的？
By comparison, alec was the least ambitious man she had ever met.	相比较而言，艾里克是她见到的最没有雄心壮志的人。
I never had a chance. 	从没有机会。 
The women's eyes meet for an instant. Enter mr. hale from outer door.	两个女人目光对视了一会儿。黑尔先生从外面的门进了来。
Reflecting my own transformation.	直接反映着我自身的变化。
I got parents calling me on the phone asking, ''did someone get shot?''	我收到家长来电话问我，“有人中枪吗？”
While china keeps a tight wrap on the composition of its holdings, south korea and japan have reported in recent months sharply increased buying by china of government debt in their currencies.	虽然中国对其外汇储备的构成口风很严，但是近几月韩国和日本称中国突然大幅增持它们的国债。
Woody Allen requests it, the Academy respects it,	伍迪- 艾伦一开口，整个学院都发抖，
Mountain Line Bus 1-406-721-3333 	山路公共汽车电话：1-406-721-3333 
I'm just going to ruin it all today. Oh, my God. 	我今天要把你的梦都毁了。哦，天啊。 
This whole building was full of, uh, lawyers,	当年这里满是律师，和立法官员，
No. You're not. Yes, I am. I am a big one.	你不是的，我是，还是最讨厌那种。
It is a huge, huge song. Right? 	太经典了？ 
Tony checks every detonator cable, 	托尼要检查每一根雷管线， 
Committee of patriots of democratic kampuchea in canada.	旅居加拿大民主柬埔寨爱国者委员会。
Although britain's investment banks will not have to set aside more equity than their international rivals, they will also have to issue a thick layer of loss-absorbing debt.	尽管英国投资银行不用比国际竞争对手持有更多的资产，但它们也不得不欠下巨额债务以吸收亏损。
We're the police, we can do whatever the hell we want.	我们是警察，我们想干嘛就能干嘛。
My cop instincts are definitely kicking in.	我的警察本能正在狂躁叫嚣中。
I'm going to need to see security video from hallways, 	我要看一下监控录像， 
They also spread into persia and were sometimes called persian greyhound or in some other countries like russia where they are called tazi, but they are all salukis.	他们还向波斯扩散，有时被称作波斯灵犬，在俄罗斯等有些国家，他们被称作“tazi”，但他们都是萨路基。
Peanut butter and jelly with the crusts cut off. What do you think it is? 	去了皮的花生酱和果子冻。你想吃什么？ 
I still can't believe it. All this time no one knew what was on the back.	我真不敢相信，这么久以来竟然没人知道这背面有东西。
Choose from a wide selection of restaurants near this Tomah, Wisconsin hotel. 	威斯康星州托马酒店周边云集多家餐馆，您可随心选择。 
I just - I had no idea it was you back there. 	我那个时候- 不知道是你在我背后。 
I've got it, boss. 	东西我弄到手了老板。 
Treat yourself to something nice,	你要善待自己啊，
The ionones and related analogues are of academic and commercial interest.	紫罗兰酮及类似化合物具有重要的学术价值与广泛的商业价值。
Who are you with now? I met a friend.	你现在和谁在一起？我遇见了一朋友。
Get him out of here! Where's my nephew, huh? 	带他走！我侄子呢？ 
Effects of collocation of spacing form, fertilizer and density on yield and quality of spring wheat.	行距与肥密配置对春小麦产量和品质的影响。
During witterick's pregnancy, her son jazz was having "intense" experiences with his own gender.	在维特瑞克怀孕时，她的儿子杰兹正在随着自己的性别而不断有各种遭遇。
With lanterns and all. 	有灯笼和所有的。 
You're the best officers you can possibly be 	你能成为最好的特工
It's not weird. It's pretty cool actually. No membership fees.	不是怪异，是酷！而且不收会费。
This is indicated by:-the total internal volume of the flameproof enclosure minus the volume of the internal components essential to equipment functions.	这由隔爆外壳总内部容量减去设备实现其功能所必需的内部部件容量可得。
He says he usually had two or three affairs going on at one time, but didn't actually derive pleasure from them.	他会同时进行2，3个婚外情，但事实上并没有从她们身上得到多少乐趣。
Earl, he's only four years old. 	厄尔，他只有四岁。 
The desk. Right here.	就那张办公桌。就那。
She says she won't marry him, even if he asks.	她说她不会嫁给他，即使他求婚。
Next time my partner will be the most beautiful of all, 	如果有下次我会交最最漂亮的， 
I'll let everyone know that they came out all right. 	我告诉观众矿工安全无事不就得了。 
Because in the next few months, I'm going to be cooperating	因为在接下来的几个月里，我将要合作。
How about coming home last week and telling my mother he's not in love with her anymore? 	比如上周回家告诉我妈他不再爱她了？ 
Legally, I'm supposed to keep that between me and her. 	依照法律，我该保守秘密。 
There's nothing indicated, 	上面没有写明， 
You need something you come to me directly.	你要什么的话直接找我就是了。
From the view point of democracy, the supreme govern rights of social governance should be attributed to the whole people.	从民主的观点来看，社会治理的最高治权应当归于人民全体。
But today I miss your daddy more than ever, 	但是今天我比以往更想念你爸爸， 
Relative wetting degree and its application on preparation of pellets by extrusion-spheronization.	相对润湿度概念及其在挤出滚圆法造粒中的应用。
If you are not there, who shall I share with such a beautiful pleasant time?	如果没有你,如此的良辰美景你要我与何人分享?
I could use another, but definitely acceptable. 	我可以用另外一个，但是这个绝对能用。 
Should overcut for the humanity cuts down rottenly, therefore earth faced with many crises.	应为人类得滥砍烂伐，所以地球面临许多的危机。
Wait! aren't you going to abduct us?	等等！你们不绑架我们吗？
Well, me too. But we have to keep her sedated to inhibit her ability. 	呃，我也希望。但为了抑制她的超能力我们不得不给它注射了镇静剂。 
All right, fine, I'm sorry. I'll be better. I promise.	好吧，好的，对不起。我会更好的。我保证。
So it looks, sir, as if you've come to exactly the wrong place. 	先生，看来你来错地方了。 
Send him to jail for killing me?	以谋杀我的罪名送他进监狱？
The two - hour Swedish massage because of my sore muscles, deductible. 	两小时按摩的瑞典式按摩缓解肌肉酸痛能减免。 
Our teams collected some 300 species of orchids in papua new guinea's kikori region. Eight of these were found to be new to science. They included cadetia kutubu with a fleshy flower	我们的团队在巴布亚新几内亚的基可里地带收集了大约300个兰花的品种，其中8种对于科学界而言是崭新的，包括cadetia kutubu这种有着肉质花的兰花。
If they want any shot at medaling here today.	他们得打起精神。
Hold on a second. Let me see what I can do.	等等，看看我可帮些什么。
Every door, every inch of glass wired and alarmed. 	每道门，每块玻璃和线路都有报警装置。 
What if you had ID? 	如果你同意了会怎样呢？ 
I thought you came here to kill me. 	我以为你是来杀我的。 
I thought it looked really cool,	我觉得这很酷，
Well, at least we know what's really going on here. 	好吧，至少我们知道发生了什么。 
Look, I didn't -	听着，我不是-
COLORKEY 	颜色说明 
And I'd get a low grade with his.	我拿他的论文会得低分。
He memorized the dictionaries, books, very big ones.	他能默背大部头的辞典、典籍。
A lot of excitement in the air. 	空气也变的兴奋起来。 
Young man? Young man. I'm terribly sorry. 	年青人？年青人。真是抱歉。 
Man, that flew like a missile.	哥们，就像导弹一样飞起来了。
I'm not worried about the road.	我不担心路程。
Well, next time... Next time? 	下一次……还有下一次？ 
Greece's government must wisely spend what scant political capital it may have.	希腊政府一定要聪明地运用它所拥有的那可怜的政治资本。
Always looking at your watch, that's your God.	总是看你的表，那是你的上帝。
One has 8 legs	一只有八只脚
So I decided to wear a little black hat for this review, 	所以这次评审我决定要戴个小黑帽， 
And during that period nothing was taught 	在这段时间里什么也没学到 
Yet nobody who works in eastern myanmar, where most of the refugees would have to go back to, believes that the conditions remotely exist for their safe return.	但是大部分难民要被迫迁往的缅甸东部了无人烟，无法保证难民们安全遣返的条件。
If he is not dead, he will be here 	如果他没死的话，他会在这里的 
That's from my sister. 	我妹妹给你的。 
I could speak with the lieutenant... No.	我可以跟那个队副谈谈…不用。
Hey, mom. Is everything okay? 	嘿，妈。你还好么？ 
When you became a believer, you also became god's messenger.	当你成为信徒时，你也同时成为神的使者。
The first time we met on the beach. 	我们第一次在沙滩上见面的时候。 
That he was a survivor from when the pirates hijacked 	他是海盗劫持时候的幸存者 
Liberty county is located about 80 km northeast of houston.	利伯蒂县位于休斯敦东北约80公里。
What will you have? A coke. 	你喝什么？一杯可乐。 
Okay. I knew that.	好吧。我知道了。
A neighbor say that he often saw a red truck carrying a live goat entered the courtyard.	一名邻居讲，他经常看见一辆红色卡车载着一只活山羊开进院中。
All of a sudden nobody can drive. 	突然间没人开的了车。 
To the uninitiated, chengdu's nearest big neighbour, the city of chongqing, would seem able to support a similar density of luxury stores.	在门外汉看来，与成都相邻的重庆也是大城市，似乎应该能够支撑相同密度的奢侈品商店。
In dongguan, factory owner xie would agree.	在广东，工厂主谢军也同意这一说法。
I'll be waiting for you on the mountain peak	我到山的极巅等你们
Watch what you eat. It'll get you every time. 	别吃多了会胀破的。 
Can you give me some salt? 	把盐给我？ 
But I think the police should have it, Will you take me there?	我觉得应该交给警察，你带我去吧？
Well, that would explain the propranolol. 	好吧，那就解释了他为什么这么心安理得。 
Contemporary china is an island.	当代的中国是一个岛屿。
That face you have never drawn before. 	你以前从没把脸拉成这样啊。 
That was when he tried for the first time to push himself out--and he realized he couldn't move.	当他第一次开始尝试将自己推出去的时候--他发现自己根本就没法动弹。
But the government will suffer nonetheless.	但是政府仍将受到批评。
August 22 moon mercury and saturn will be conjunct and opposed to neptune. Unconscious or planted fears manifesting.	8月22日月亮水星和土星将是相连和反对海王星。不自觉或被种植的恐惧体现。
In terms of who goes,	以我们的方式，
She went down just off the coast during a hurricane 	它沉船是因为当时有一场飓风 
So the threads will push out, so they create air space.	因此细线会被挤出，会留出一丝空隙。
You cannot leave unless you complete. It's contract.	你只有干完了才能离开。合同上是这样规定的。
4. Considers that international cooperation in this field should make an effective and practical contribution to the urgent task of preventing mass and flagrant violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all and to the strengthening of international peace and security;	4． 认为这一领域的国际合作应能对防止大规模和公然侵犯所有人的人权和基本自由事件的迫切任务，并对加强国际和平与安全做出有效和切实的贡献；
Like Walter Johnson and Christy Mathewson,	像华特·强森，克里斯蒂·马休斯，
This is odd given that even with the huge defence budget increases that came after september 11th 2001, america struggled to provide the resources to win in both iraq and afghanistan, the latter campaign suffering nearly terminal neglect because of the needs of the former.	这被奇怪的给出即使伴随着自2001年911事件以来巨额的国防预算增长，美国努力提供资源以获取在伊拉克和阿富汗的双重胜利，然而后者的战役却因为前者的需要而遭遇了近乎极限的怠慢。
I'm having a nice time with  	我正玩的尽兴呢 
It was your job to fully vet her.	全面审核她是你的工作。
okay well they're gonna ask for you right now so they are coming up to the front door.	好的他们马上就会去问你了他们现在就去门口了。
Who vanished two weeks ago 	两星期前在去社区小店的路上 
You can't just let some stupid rumor get to you...	别让流言伤了自己。
They don't know where they want to go 	他们不知道想去何方 
As he leapt upon the saddle he turned round, and looked at the young fisherman sadly.	当他跨上马鞍的时候，却又回眸，悲哀地看了看年轻的渔夫。
But we are concerned. Mm - hm. 	但是我们很担心。 
Scientists believe it had mutated to the point	科学家相信这些病毒已经变异
Safety failings and corruption occur in western countries too, of course, but these societies have institutional mechanisms to correct mistakes systems beijing is still loath to encourage.	西方国家当然也存在安全缺陷和腐败，但西方社会具备“纠错”机制，而中国政府迄今仍不愿推动这类机制的建设。
Johnny was at the beginning of a flourishing art career.	强尼的艺术品最近很受欢迎。
I don't think that Amy appreciates you referring to her... 	我不认为艾米会感激你... 
Honey, you don't need to practice anymore. 	宝贝，你不必再练习了。 
You made a very aggressive start down the outside there but I guess from the second row it was always going to be difficult?	你在比赛起步阶段拼得很凶，但是排在第二排发车是很困难的？
His license gave this address.	他的驾照上写着这个地址。
Let's ust work together, for real, real talk.	我们好好排练好好谈谈。
Blinking nervously he looked pale and scared.	他局促地眨着眼睛，脸容苍白，面露惧色。
I asked you to wait.	我叫你等等再说的。
Better than hitting.	总比揍人好。
It's just, I need you to trust me on this. 	只不过这次你得相信我。 
What do you know about this psycho? Okay, well, his father was a very wealthy business man, 	对于这个精神病你都知道些什么？好吧，对，他的父亲是一个相当富有的商人， 
Well, it's my favourite of your... Of your publications, sir. 	嗯，这是我最喜欢你的... 您的出版物的，先生。 
Uh, yeah, she's right. 	呃，是的，她是对的。 
But my bike's here. Pick it up later. Come on 	但我的车在这–过会儿再来取，快走 
But the old fortress is abandoned. 	但古堡荒废了。 
I'm very nervous about the fact that it's an outfit made 80% out of paper. 	对于80% 都是纸糊的这个现实我的确有点不安。 
When you look at these Orion correlations, 	当你观察猎户座， 
Because the Vietnamese government suppresses freedom of expression and assembly.	因为越南政府在镇压自由言论和集会。
Oh, yeah. I love them when they're this age. 	当然。我喜欢这年纪的小孩。 
So I'm taking you the way you are. No strings. 	所以我就接受现在的你。没有任何条件。 
Improve the quality of arrows that xephia uses, she can have a chance to do more damage when attack.	提升席菲雅所用箭矢的品质，她将有机会在攻击时造成更大的伤害。
Hey hey, UMP, 	喂喂，裁判， 
This moment, rolizawa's suddenly vindicating causes me so surprise and anxious.	此刻，热妮娅这番突如其来的表白使我又吃惊又紧张。
Look, these kids, they come to me.	听着，这些孩子，她们来找我的。
When I had the opportunity to learn my paternity, 	当我有机会知道谁是我的父亲的时候， 
They're going to be interesting. Grab your torches.	一定会很有意思。拿上火把。
All right, show circle.	好吧，围个圆圈。
It was the same night of your assault, and... 	是在你被袭击的同一天晚上，而且... 
And no vaginal trauma because she was too numb to resist.	她的阴道中没有创伤表明她当时已经失去知觉无法反抗。
I think I was a bad person. 	我觉得我之前是个坏人。 
No, she's not like that.	不，她不是你想的那样。
Seven that are detestable to him: haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked schemes, feet that are quick to rush into evil, a false witness who pours out lies and a man who stirs up dissension among brothers.	心所憎恶的共有七样，就是：孤高的眼，说谎的舌，流无辜血的手，意图恶计的心，飞跑行恶的脚，吐浮名的假见证，并弟兄中布散分争的。
When the wolfsbane blooms	秋夜月圆之际
He's not here! We got a possible ID at desk 7. 	他不在这儿！7号桌可能是他。 
You'll let me know at once. 	你就马上通知我。 
You three wait here.	你们三个在这里等着。
I don't think it's smart to put holes in things that sink or breathe. 	我不觉得开洞沉船是个好主意。 
That's why a bunch of venture capitalists I've spoken to today sound more excited than they have in years, and all are "working multiple angles" to get their hands on one.	正是这个原因，我今天碰到的风险投资家们都一扫多年的阴霾，兴奋之情溢于言表。
The author stressed: "the ancients city backer, the ancient building will lie will choose mountain", "the ancients city", and "dragon vein shall find dragon vein is the first city for principle".	作者强调：“古人建城必靠山，古人建阴宅必选山”、“古人建城必寻龙脉”、“定龙脉是建城的首要原则”。
Controls whether the month calendar control will send notifications to request information about which days should be displayed in bold.	控制月历控件是否将发送通知，请求提供有关哪些日期要用粗体显示的信息。
Why don't you want to go home?	你为什么不想回去？
Ready to go on table seven. Coming around.	端到七号桌。回来。
Sleep all day, I don't give a shit. 	整天就知道睡觉，我连个屁都没放。 
I didn't know you had a favorite drink, Kitty,	我不知道你有最喜爱的饮料，凯蒂，
I felt this... 	我摸到个东西... 
You're really a lot of help!	你真的帮了大忙了！
I was just teaching a meditation class	我刚刚给肿瘤科的护士
His hostility to the woman found vent in a sharp remark.	他用尖刻的话来发泄对那个女人的忌恨。
It's a good client to keep happy.	他们是好客户要让他们高兴。
Sure, coach.	当然，教练。
Just trying to make sure you had the right form there, hon bun. 	帮你把姿势状态调整好小甜心。 
If he's in a good mood the who e theater relaxes. 	如果他情绪很好，整个剧团都会放松下来。 
Well, I wish she'd come to me first. 	她该先找我才对。 
But he is smiling. 	但是他是在微笑。 
We have documents dating back to 2003...	我们有2003年以来的档案...
I can see where that'd be attractive... 	我可以明白为什么那会吸引人了… 
Stocked with everything you need and even a little more our quaint guest rooms are the perfect home away from home. 	客房拥有您所需的一切，甚至比需要的更多，我们别致的客房是您出门在外最完美的家。 
Must be pretty bad. You don't go stormin 'a place over parking tickets.	一定很糟糕。你们不会为了停车罚单把一个地方掀翻天的。
Ah, well, um... This is me. 	啊，好，嗯……我就住在这儿。 
Truly I say to you, whoever does not put himself under the kingdom of god like a little child, will not come into it at all.	我实在告诉你们，凡要承受神国的，若不像小孩子，断不能进去。
You want me to put him down? Come on, man. You can take him for me. 	你要我放弃他吗？来吧，先生。把它帮我送过去。 
On free will in reply to the stoics.	论自由意志兼答斯多亚学派。
What time is it? Already 10 p. M., boss. 	几点了？10点了，头儿。 
It's become a real hole 	它将成为真正的突破口 
Well, did he tell you where he got it? Nope	他跟你提过哪儿弄来的吗？没有
hey, Trevor, was there a mine like this in the book? 	嘿，特雷弗，那本书里有这样一个矿井吗？ 
I swear. Why are you asking? 'cause if you don't know,	我发誓问这个干嘛？如果连你也不知道，
Help me choose the crew. 	帮我挑些水手。 
So you won't get a divorce, but you'll have an affair? 	所以你不会离婚，但可以有外遇？ 
Eh, it went all right. 	嗯，还好吧。 
A week before the sheriff's office raided us.	在洲警察局袭击我们的一个星期以前。
Coming from someone who's consistently blacklisted limits from his life, I can fervently tell you that they're not all that bad.	我一直将限制从生活中拉入黑名单，我能真诚地告诉你们，它们并不都是有害的。
And they will pay for their folly.	他们早晚为自己的愚蠢行为付出代价。
Lack of growth means that, despite mr tremonti, the public debt is still 120% of gdp, the rich world's third-biggest.	这意味着，即便是在特雷蒙的紧缩财政政策之下，意大利公债仍是其gdp的120%，位居发达国家中第三。
Autumn, the year's last, loveliest smile.	秋，四季流转中最后一抹、最美的微笑。
63 mile(s) from Ellicott City 	距艾略特城 63 英里 
It reminded me that it's something I really need to do, 	它提醒了我这是一件我必须要做的事， 
L. A.   	洛杉矶。 
Well, she's planning on seducing you tonight.	呃，她打算今晚引诱你。
If that's where the problem is,	假设这便是症结所在，
I'm here. Look how teeny - weeny I am! 	我在这儿。看看我，好小呀！ 
I understand you're a big fan. 	我知道你是个超级粉丝。 
There is beads of sweat on your forehead,	你的额头沾满了汗水，
Oh, we've been acquainted for a long, long time. 	我们很久，很久以前就认识了。 
We'll bring you some breakfast. 	我们会给你早餐。 
Hey, I hear that they're giving out ribbons for good white blood cell count.	嘿，听说白细胞数正常的人能得到丝带奖励。
They expertize on a subject.	他们就一个问题提供专门性意见。
You know... You know, these are old pictures. 	是这样的……是这样，这照片是老照片了。 
I notice you shave against the grain.	我发现你很注重自己的外表。
Corruption was also excessive in the 2000s, but it was compensated for by strong economic growth and fast-rising incomes.	腐败问题在2000年后依然猖獗，但被高速经济增长和收入增加所掩盖。
I am the leader of a terrorist organization 	我是一个恐怖组织的领导人， 
But I was able to use the spin frame from ambush 	但我用了伏击的零件 
Oh, a homosexual joke. Very witty. 	噢，同性恋笑话。很聪明嘛。 
Ready for the lift? 	准备好托举了吗？ 
Look, you're at an awkward age for college. 	你这个年纪去上大学就是很尴尬。 
In five weeks	把一切都准备好
I got a great diet book.	我有本不错的减重书。
What is your adress?	你的地址呢？？
You want to know why all lawyers are jerks? 	你想知道为什么律师的脾气都那么古怪么？ 
Secondly, tourism is a smokeless industry, will be to promote economic, social and environmental development and employment. Play a positive role in poverty alleviation.	其次，旅游业这一无烟产业，还将对促进经济、社会、环境协调发展，解决就业，促进扶贫发挥积极作用。
Kudos on the Mexican pizza today. 	今天的墨西哥披萨很赞。 
Here again, the sa government, is unlikely to wave through a deal involving significant job losses.	再次强调一下，南非政府不可能批准会造成大量工作岗位损失的交易。
Big business wanted the destruction of Weimar.	但他们希望魏玛共和国垮台。
Yeah, but then why wait until after she gives birth? 	是啊，可为什么要等到她生完呢？ 
The convivence with Martel had become hell. 	与马特尔的生活就像在地狱里一样。 
At our Santa Fe hotel, guests are treated to luxury bedding and the peace and quiet they need to take care of work, or to simply rest up for another fun-filled day of vacation. 	入住我们圣达菲酒店，可向客人提供奢华的床具，保证有工作的客人享受舒适安静的睡眠，或者保证没工作的客人一觉醒来，精力充沛的投入第二天有趣的度假中去。 
We have to pretend to enjoy ourselves, okay? 	我们要假装我们玩得很尽兴，懂了吗？ 
It wreaked havoc on a number of power conduits. 	它对一些能量管线造成了很大的破怀。 
I think it's just a cut, but I wanna clean it anyway, okay? 	只是擦伤，但是我要清理一下，好吗？ 
I did not know that. It's true. 	我都不知道。真的。 
Look, I like having a wife who rules the house. 	我其实很喜欢有个管家婆。 
He left blood, and sweat, and part of his soul in a foreign land. 	他把血汗和心血洒在一个陌生的地方。 
Did not buy endowment insurance to us again.	又没有给我们买养老保险的。
I will bet...	我押…
Pregnancy would increase that tenfold.	怀孕会将风险提高十倍。
Your master's spirit! 	你师父这种舍身取义的精神！ 
We need to think about their entire educational journey, not just the content or the classes we provide.	我们需要考虑他们的整个教育历程，而不仅仅是提供教学内容或学习课程。
Call it a night? 	今晚大疯狂？ 
You should go to east lake if you come to wuhan.	如果你来到武汉应该去东湖转转。
I have to make it first.	我得先去煮。
Did you see him last night? 	昨晚有看到他吗？ 
Drop the gun, sugar bear. 	把枪扔了，甜甜熊。 
He said he didn't really know Paul or Karen bivas	他说在投资他们的餐馆前
Interaction and signaling. Another family is receptor tyrosine kinases, 	另一类是受体酪氨酸激酶， 
Word warp gives you six letters and asks you to form as many words as possible from those letters in 2 minutes.	word warp给你提供6个字母，并要求你在两分钟之内用这6个字母构造出尽可能多的单词。
You must understand, the Germans were -	你必须了解，那些德国人-
Individuals are estimated to account for the majority of registered domain names globally.	据估计，全球而言，个人注册的域名在总数中占据多数。
I was sitting next to some guy from a. P. 	我旁边坐着一位美联社的哥们儿。 
Go back to your home. 	回去你的家园。 
Oh, you know what? Let's not say anything else. I love you. 	哦，其它的什么也不用说了。我也爱你。 
Distance from home.	离家的距离。
So far acer, the world's third-largest pc maker, has been the only company to openly say that it expects to have to comply with the order to pre-install green dam.	迄今只有全球第三大电脑制造商宏（acer）一家公司公开表示，它预期将不得不遵守预装“绿坝”的命令。
The effect of a new type of bedding made from cornstalk on the reproduce and growth of rats.	玉米秸作为大鼠垫料对其生长发育及繁殖性能的影响。
Program head janet attarian says sixty-two alleys will have been renewed or rebuilt by the end of this year.	项目负责人珍妮特艾特瑞恩表示，只有62条小径将于年底前更新或重建。
Dialogue overlapped and was interrupted in a way that often happens in life but had seldom been encountered on screen.	在其影片中，对话通常是交叠进行并常被打断，这样的情形在现实生活中时有发生，但在屏幕上却很少见。
Did you bring the case files?	把档案都带来了吗？
Obtains basic data and calculates from plans and details, the probable cost of construction projects with reference to factors such as materials, labour, equipment, overheads and profit.	取得基本资,并根据图则与详图,因应材,人工,设备,杂项及润等因素,计算建造工程的大约费用。
It's about the kidney patient? 	是因为那个肾病人？ 
Get them Spurs off! Yes, sir. 	把马刺拿下来！是的，长官。 
Because you're making a father son reunion all about you.	因为你把父子重逢变成了一件关于你自己的事情。
In case I'm not - I don't want to listen to that stuff. 	万一我没有... 我不想听那种话。 
What room is he in? You don't understand. 	他在哪个房间？你还是不明白对吧。 
Of course, there's no view of the sea from here.	当然，从这儿看不到海景。
You got to believe that wasn't our intent.	你得相信那不是我们的初衷。
They don't want to be found. Yeah, I get that. 	他们不想被发现。是啊，我明白。 
And I'll just pray that it turns my way. 	我只能祈祷情况会对我有利。 
Do employees believe in the mission and direction of the company.	1.员工们对公司的事业和方向有没有信心？
Book your next stay at the BEST WESTERN Altus, where value comes together with convenience! 	欢迎选择阿尔特斯贝斯特韦斯特酒店作为您下一个居住场所，这里不仅价格合理而且位置便利！ 
Jesus and god are looking for such people.	耶稣与神都在寻找那样的信徒。
Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! 	噢，罗斯，事情都搞乱啦！ 
Oh, do I get a dot for the consult? Get out.	哦，需要为这次商议在板上加个点吗？出去啦。
But I think that's what was fun about it. 	不过，好玩可能也就好玩在这儿。 
Specify an alias and path. Typically, an alias is the same name as the directory where. Asf files are stored or the name of the type of content you are storing, for example, 'musiccds'. However, there are no restrictions on the name for an alias.	指定一个别名和路径。通常，一个别名与.asf文件存放的目录名称或是与存储内容的类型名称相同，例如，'musiccds'。但是对于别名的名称没有限制。
Just the way it is?	一直就这样？
It's gonna be so much fun!It's gonna be so much fun!	会很有趣的！是啊，会很有趣的！
But he's like me.how does he do it?	但他与我是同类他是如何做到的？
I'll come back later. No, no. You've got me now. 	我稍后再来找你不用不用。你现在就可对我说。 
That is terrible for nigeria, less so for europe and north america: aqim often targets foreign aid workers and contractors ( usually to raise ransommoney), but it has shown little interest in targets outside north-west africa.	这对尼日利亚的恐怖程度远小于对欧洲和北美洲的：因为伊斯兰马格里布基地组织经常以外国援助人员和承包商（通常是为了筹集就赎金）为目标，却很少对非洲西北部之外地区的目标产生兴趣。
The journey had already stretched to an hour, on trains that took the overflow from other cancelled lines.	因有些线路被取消，人流都涌至列车上，路途已经延续至1小时。
Bruegel, a think-tank, suggests an answer.	智囊机构bruegel提出了一个答案。
I'd love to have seen her in heels, rather than those boots. 	她穿高跟鞋会比靴子好。 
Because if he could see you 	如果他见到你这样 
Okay, so who ordered a big label's of me? 	好吧，谁要的牛肉厚片 
Top ten beaches in the world.	全球十大沙滩之一。
I'm so glad I learned to bake. 	学会了烤东西真好。 
Should we have a dog? No dog. Come on, get a dog. 	我们养条狗好吗？不要。好了，养吧。 
After our meeting, I knew you looked familiar.	在见面之后，我知道你看起来面熟。
Fine, but at this point, maybe you should consider... Your date's not showing. 	好吧，但都这时候了也许你该知道... 你约的人不会来啦。 
And recycle that.	再回收空啤酒罐。
Subsequently, hunan tv said "hunan taiwan days entertainment media center" micro bo accounts, and they have no relations, wei as there is no day entertainment media centre and the micro bo is purely a false name.	随后，湖南卫视表示“湖南台天娱传媒中心”这个微博账号和他们没有关系，卫视不存在天娱传媒中心这个机构，该微博纯属冒名发布。
Always willfulness tak tak silent for two people together.	总是任性德让两个人无声德在一起。
if you could please open your pamphlets to section number one:	把小册子打开翻到第一部分：
I'm Nine Teen 	我 十 九 
If you go high, there's always one man. 	如果你去高层，那里总有个人在。 
Of course with a baby. 	当然是孩子啦。 
We need to find the cause of your low potassium. 	我们得找出低钾的原因。 
Keep these on you,	戴上这些，
Did you hear what I said? I heard, I'm not deaf. 	你没听到我刚才说什么吗？听到了，我不聋。 
We are? Yes, we're avoiding. 	我们？是的，我们要避开。 
Your father is Howland reed?	你父亲是霍兰·黎德？
You think I'm an awful mother, don't you? 	你觉得我是个差劲的母亲，是不是？ 
I saw another Lex Luthor.	我看到另一个莱克斯·卢瑟。
I face it for the first time with a sense of hope. 	我头一次充满希望的面对它。 
Want to tell me where you were? 	想告诉我你去哪了吗？ 
Sometimes a dulcify cone will be so trampled or broken or cracked that entire one cm do is gulp at the thing favor a ferocious, effort what he can of it and letting the rest drop to the ground, and then evacuating the area of misadventure for speedily for possible.	有时候甜筒给压扁、断裂、破碎了,你只好犹如野人一般狼吞虎咽,能吃.多少算多少,其余的只能任由滴到地上,接着还得要迅速撤离灾难现场。
Diane walkington, the wwf's head of species programme in the uk, said that considerable progress had already been made to sketch out a global recovery plan and to concentrate the minds of politicians on the problem.	世界野生动物基金在英国的物种项目负责人diane walkington说已经取得了重大进展，拟定出了全球恢复计划，并将政客们的注意力集中到了这个问题上。
Talkir about the little lady go, Tom! Go! 	唱啊，汤姆！唱！ 
Cross into Bolivia and discover the ruins of tiahuanaco. 	穿过了玻利维亚发现了蒂亚瓦纳科遗址。 
Kevin was not, on his best day. 	凯文不配，即便他再怎么好。 
Take the girl with you. 	把这女孩一起带走。 
it's hard to decide.	哇这很难抉择。
She has to have a hysterectomy. 	她得进行子宫切除手术。 
before I go, soul is a witness 	在我离开之前，灵魂就是证人
I am completely operational and all my circuits are functioning perfectly. 	我已完全正常运作了而所有的回路功能都很完美。 
The way you were singing with your voice.	会使它变得更加动人令人难忘。
A whole lot of trash this week. That's life, bro.	全都是垃圾。兄弟，这就是人生。
The tip's resident imam lives with his 11 children in a house made of materials scavenged from rubbish.	垃圾场的常驻伊玛目和他的11名小孩住在一个由垃圾中捡来的材料建造的房子。
So you'll be depositing it today. 	你今天要把钱存进账户。 
Fresh seasonal flowers in the room 	在每间客房都装饰有季节性的鲜花 
Before implementing the next stepin global government.	执行的下一步便是全球政府。
This better not be no bullshit, man.	最好别废话，伙计。
What, because they were seeing each other, guns are acceptable foreplay? 	因为他们约会过用枪作为开头戏？ 
She's rich, she has a yacht 	她家很有钱，有游艇 
But I'm not worried. I trust her. 	但我不担心，我信任她。 
I find it rather unbecoming that you laughed at me in front of the five - o boys. 	我觉得你不该在5-0兄弟面前嘲笑我。 
By the late 1990s, that foreign ministry finally had a powerful country to work for, as civilian government and fiscal sobriety took hold and brazil unleashed an asian-style economic boom.	直到1990年代末期，那位外交部长才得以为一个强大的国家工作，随着平民政府的成立和财政节制的实施，类似亚洲模式的巴西经济得到释放，并繁荣发展。
Yeah. We'll do it in the hospital.	吔。我们将在医院完成这一切。
Paris office hours are from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm	我们在巴黎的办公时间是早八点至下午五点
I don't know. She... She seemed fine.	我不知道。她... 她看起来还不错。
He punched me in the face, like, three times. 	他往我脸上锤了差不多三拳。 
Analysts estimate that there are as many as 20 legitimate companies in the us, the largest of which claims to do about$ 25 million a year in overseas business.	分析家们估计，美国这类合法公司有20家之多，其中最大的一家称，其一年的诲外业务量约达2500万美元。
I do radio that I think people would actually want to listen to. 	我做广播方面，我觉得人们想听。 
In tapei, land exploiters usually can't develop immediately after purchasing land, which is the general popular name "raise land".	在台北市土地开发者在购买土地之后，通常不会立即开发，也就是一般俗称养地。
Ready to save the world from itself?	准备好拯救世界了吗？
Yeah, we connected through single ballroom dance lovers. com.	我们通过单身爱舞网站认识。
What is this? It's nothing. 	你这是什么意思？没什么意思。 
Irina bokova, unesco's bulgarian head, had little choice in the matter; the organisation's constitution obliges her to implement the board's decision, she says.	保加利亚教科文组织总干事伊琳娜博科娃在这件事上别无选择，她说，按照组织的章程，她必须执行执委会的决定。
Savers can withdraw at short notice.	储户则可以随时把钱取出来。
I was in the ninth district the night the family defected. 	当时我在第九区当差那晚她一家人来寻求政治庇护。 
In contrast american express and discover, the pair's closest competitors, operate networks and, as with the banks, issue cards, which leaves them open to credit risk.	相比之下，美国运通和discover这两家竞争对手，既是网络运营商又是发卡机构，则要面临信用风险。
Threatens to kill the kid in front of witnesses.	当众扬言要杀死对手。
Breakfast is not included in the room rates and will be served at the rate of Euro 14.00 per person. 	早餐不包含在房费中，早餐收费为每人14.00欧元。 
Get it to sleep.	快让她睡觉。
Challenge and cannot be eliminated. 	你将不会被淘汰。 
Yes, like that. With both hands, you undo the clasp.	对，就那样。用两只手，解开扣子。
So I knew this day was coming, and I prepared myself 	我早知道会有这么一天，就提前做好心理准备了 
And I just got out of this relationship... I'm not asking for relationship! 	我不想让你知道过多的事情... 我不想知道！ 
She's waiting for you, Joe. 	她在等你，乔。 
Social persons have a certain envious and erroneous image of the high society person because they are ignorant of high-society positions and hierarchies, the relations of force, the very particular ambitions and projects.	社交人对於高级社会人，有某种妒忌而错误的形象，因为他们不知道高级社会的地位跟阶层，力量的关系，特别的企图心跟计画。
And did you? Yes, I did.	你拿到了？是的。
Everything I have. Everything I own. 	我拥有的一切。一切。 
I'm calling his grandfather. 	我要叫他爷爷来 
You've known this...	打从我出生...
Ma, why'd you have to shoot him? He's a fed. 	妈，为何要杀那个人？他是调查局派来的。 
But you know you can never have it? 	但你知道你永远也不能得到？ 
Hello. Pleasure to meet you, ma 'am. 	你好。很高兴见到你，女士。 
The vampire thing...	关于吸血鬼的事...
I talk and go on like a machine gun. 	我不停的说，像一挺机关枪。 
I feel like we should be eating nachos 	我觉得我们该吃点玉米片 
Fine. Fine. Just send the chart over. 	好吧。好吧。那就送过来吧。 
Right here in my arms.	就在我怀里。
No, you can never change the past. It's bad, always. 	不过，去绝不能被改变这样总是不好的。 
Fine! Nice to meet you! 	很好！很高兴认识你！ 
Hey, listen. I didn't mean to scald you. I - l like you. I really, really do. 	嘿，听着。我并不想烫伤你。我-我喜欢你。我真的，真的喜欢你。 
Do you wanna change your mind? Too late now. 	你想改主意吗？现在改太晚了。 
His pain is your pain. His troubles are your troubles.	他的痛苦就是你的痛苦，他的麻烦就是你的麻烦。
Although no life has been confirmed on mars, scientists are hopeful that it's just hiding.	尽管还未证实火星上确有生命存在，但科学家们相信，它们只是躲藏起来了。
Blind and indifferent documentation has become the new fashion in journalistic photography, with distorted pictorial forms providing basic stylistic guidelines.	盲目的，漠然的图片已经成为新闻摄影中的新风尚，以扭曲的图片形式来提供基础的风格指导方向。
I need a strong protagonist 	我需要一个强大的主人公 
How could I marry her when my heart belongs to somebody else?	我心另有所属又怎能娶她为妻?
I'll tell the king in the morning.	我早上就去告诉国王。
You want to go to dinner to see grandma uncomfortable. That's mean. 	你想在晚饭上看到姥姥不舒服的样子。这样做很可恶。 
That, or you just don't feel like talking to me.	或者是不想跟我讲话。
No, we were wrong.	不，我们错了。
And for the first time in my life, 	但是人生第一次， 
Abstract: types, characteristics and technical status quo of three internal components including trays, tower packings and gas-liquid distributors in fractionators were introduced. Rules for selecting trays and packings were pointed out. Suggestions for the research direction, industrial design and practical application of internal components in fractionators were proposed.	文摘：介绍了塔板、填料和气液分布器三种塔内件的类型、特点及其技术现状，指出了选择塔板和填料的原则，对油品分馏塔内件的研究方向、工业设计和实际应用等方面提出了建议。
In the last days, god says, I will pour out my spirit on all people.	神说，在末后的日子，我要将我的灵浇灌凡有血气的。
I mean it, dillan, tell me what happened.	我的意思是，迪伦，告诉我发生什么事。
Uh, I'll be home soon. Just as soon as I can.	呃，我很快就到家。我会尽快的。
Both affirmed christ's presence in the eucharist.	他们都肯定基督在圣餐中的同在。
And if you both wish, I will buy for both of you too. 	如果你们俩想要，我也会买给你们。 
I'm good at that. 	我就擅长不动。 
And thank you, by the way. 	十分感谢，顺便。 
Yao and ye held their wedding ceremony in the grand ballroom of pudong shangri-la hotel.	姚明和叶莉在浦东的香格里拉酒店举办了婚礼。
Your honor, except for my being a scoundrel 	法官阁下，除了我不承认自己是个无赖 
I need to meet someone	我需要见一个人
What? You wanna keep your hair like that?	怎么？你想让你的头发就保持那样吗？
I won't, man. I'm gonna get you outta here, okay?	不会的，我会救你出去的，知道吗？
Don` t cry because it is over, smile because it happened.	要因为结束而哭唳,微笑吧``为。
Now that I am about to become a highly esteemed 	因为我已经是协会的高层人员了 
You know what, Terry? Let's just settle this. Peacocks don't fly. 	你知道吗，特里？我们别争了。孔雀不飞。 
And you're wishing you were here making me spaghetti. 	你希望你能在我身边给我做意大利面。 
After her daughter, gemma, was born, jeanine moved back home.	在她的女儿吉玛出生后，她搬回家了。
They never have! 	从未有过！ 
The sins of previous lives passed to the next 	原罪由上一世转到下一世 
Talk to other ceos who have kept the process on time, and find out how they prepared.	最好和其他按时走完上市程序的公司的掌门人多交流，弄清楚他们都做了哪些准备工作。
She tried to protect me even though I scared her.	她试图保护我尽管我让她害怕。
My agent told me it was dead as a doornail.	我的经纪人告诉我那个故事已经完全没戏唱了。
How long am I gonna be in south dakota?	我要在南达科他州待多久？
That your recruiting numbers are,	你招收的人数，
Then she would've backed up all of her files on the Internet in cloud storage. 	她肯定会把她的文件备份上传到网络云端存储的。 
I barely have time to think about it. 	所以没有什么时间来考虑这个问题。 
Okay, well, it's not unprecedented for an otherwise healthy young women to have sudden cardiac arrest. 	好吧，好，但年轻健康的女性心脏骤停也不是没有先例。 
If you're expecting some sort of knighthood, 	如果你在期待骑士的话， 
is to present three bellwether cases...	是呈上三个突出案例...
I have wanted to ask you out for a long time.	我早就想约你出来了的。
He didn't come that dickhead didn't come! 	他没来那白痴没来！ 
Go, piso. Do as your mother says. 	去吧，皮梭。听你妈妈的话。 
L'll deliver your lord to saf ety.	我会带你主人到安全的地方的。
And the kids? No school today?	孩子们呢？今天没上学？
In male, the immunopositive reaction in spermatogonia, spermatocyte and spermatid to testosterone antibodies strengthened gradually during the development and maturation of testis.	在雄性,随着精巢发育成熟,精原细胞、精母细胞和精子细胞对睾酮抗体的免疫阳性反应逐渐增强.
I'll tell Carol when she gets in. We'll get after it. 	卡罗尔进去后我会告诉她的。我们就能追击了。 
What, and you didn't know that?	怎么，你不知道吗？
What message are you trying to get out to the undecideds today? 	今天您要对还未作决定的中间选民说些什么吗？ 
Outside of his home in Blackfoot, Montana.	科特伯格旅店自杀了。
Through this alleyway,	穿过这条小巷，
If by "strings", 	如果是用到"绳" 这个字的话， 
Oh. Those were my dad's favorites. 	噢，噢，那是我爸的最爱。 
You're not going to make a liar out of me.	你不能让我变成骗子。
Who's local athlete who became paralyzed	曾是运动员十五岁时发生车祸
Do not move. My name is Divya. 	别动我叫达薇亚。 
It is not that I know more about politics and elections than you, but I realize how busy you are and I thought I could more easily set out these simple rules in writing.	我说这些并不是我认为自己对政治和竞选的所知超过你，只是因为我知道你有多忙，而我可以有更充分的时间来为你罗列这些简单的竞选规则。
Come on, you can make it. Come on! 	快点，你能办到的。快点！！ 
You've already met miss Nash, she's part of the senator's advance team. 	你见过娜什小姐，她是参议员集团中的一员。 
Just wondering how comfortable you feel making it to the final three? 	想知道你觉得自己有多少希望进三强 
We treat workers good!	我们对待工人很好！
But the church basement isn't?	但是教堂的地下室不是？
This month they set up a self-regulatory body in japan to offer guidance to youngsters.	本月，他们在日本创立了一个自我监管机构，旨在为青少年提供指导。
So, I think the blame, actually, for that lay with her, 	实际上因为这个我就要让她负责， 
The curative effect and nursing observation of patients with chronic insomnia treatment with anesthetize sleeping balance.	麻醉睡眠平衡术治疗慢性失眠症的护理观察。
You want to stay in the game. 	你还想呆在游戏中吗。 
But I'm not in the crosshairs.	可我不是内奸啦。
Ling said female students really don't have much choice if they want to secure employment in the competitive white-collar job market.	凌娜表示女学生们如果想要在竞争激烈的白领职场中争得一席之位，那么就别无选择。
And I've always liked having my options, you know?	我一直想有自己的选择权，你知道吗？
Well, there's probably a - 	很可能有一种- 
Um, why is this girl staring at me?	为什么那个女孩盯着我看？
The only way to kill them is by beheading. 	唯一的方法是把他们的头砍下来。 
He wouldn't wanna put it in the movie like that.	不肯让影片那样结束。
You've been in the wars, huh? Yeah.	你被人打了？没错。
You ain't fit to look at my flag.	你们不配看我的旗。
You’re going to get married now ,are you happy?	快要结婚了，是不是很开心呢？
I saw a man shouting at a driver whose car was blocking the street.	我看见一个男人正朝一个司机叫嚷，他的车把街道堵塞了。
On the first day when I came to fuoshan, I said	我来佛山的第一天，我说过
The groom wears a formal suit or tuxedo.	新郎则穿着一套正式的西装或无尾晚礼服。
You're lucky we have one. 	你得庆幸我们装了一个。 
Mining production is slightly up year on year; jewellery demand is down by 13.8%.	因为矿业产能年增长率轻微长扬，而珠宝的需求则下跌了13.8%。
Check that; definitely out of spite.	好吧，就是为了出气。
I just want to wake up with more time on my hand	我只希望自己早上醒来手上能有更多的时间
Unverifiable reports suggest that 	无法证实的消息指出 
...outdated and inefficient factories.	陈旧、低效的工厂
You just got to chill out. 	只是你太神经质了。 
All this time I thought you were some football hero who hated his father.	一直以来我都以为你是个讨厌自己父亲的橄榄球英雄。
Figuratively we all use the word.	我们也都使用它的比喻义。
Why not the oil business? 	为什么不做石油？ 
Kracklite was never that forward 	克拉克从不那么放肆 
So she had few visitors 	所以很少有人探访她 
Come on. Let's move.	快点。行动。
At home I left dad in front of the television and went outside to collect my thoughts.	回家后，我把老爸留在电视机前看电视，然后走到外面，整理一下思绪。
Uh, uh, check the thermostat.	呃，呃，去看一下温度计。
We're happy we're going abroad.	我们都对能出国感到非常兴奋。
The studio bosses were unsure what to do with woodward.	片场大亨不懂如何处置钟活华。
Uh, I've been texting you all day. 	呃，我给你发了一整天的短信了。 
But I must tell thee plainly, Claudio undergoes my challenge... 	但我必须明确地告诉你我已经向克罗迪奥提出挑战... 
Not your right? I need me good arm	不是你的右手？我需要我好用的手
You haven't heard?heard what? 	你没听说？ 听说什么？ 
I married your sister. 	我娶了你姐姐。 
An exclusive contract with you,	签合约的，
She was sold to a family friend several years ago and put to pasture. 	几年前她被卖给了一位家族好友被送去放养了。 
That's very fatherly. Is that really? What you want to tell your kid? 	很有父亲的感觉。这是真的吗？这是你想教你孩子的？ 
You know how much time they waste scraping you shit heads off the street?	你知道他们为了把你清出街道花了多长时间吗？
I had been torturing them by doing these scenes over and over again.	一遍遍的拍摄这些场景对他们是绝大的折磨。
It started at the northeast corner of beach and divisi dero streets.	它从海滩与街道的东北角开始。
I think you two have had a lover's tiff. 	我觉得你们俩只是情人之间有点小口角。 
I could probably do a half - hour. 	我也许能空出半小时。 
I asked for the sixth key. 	我提到第六张卡。 
Somebody broke into the car?	有人闯进车里了？
Of course nanjing must form the new developing s tyle with the central city and satellite cities in nanjing city-circle across th e administration district to create the new advantage of region economical devel opment in yangtze river delta.	南京理所当然应跨行政区划与南京都市圈内城市组成中心城市与卫星城市协调发展的崭新格局，创建长江三角洲副中心区域经济发展的新优势。
Come on! You're shooting under 50% from the free throw line, okay? 	拜讬！你自由投的命中率不到五成，懂吗？ 
And he has a sentimental streak. 	他也有感情细腻的一面啊 
It's fine. I don't care.	我很好。我不在意。
He's on our shit list.	才不要他来。
He's not checking into hotel rooms,	不是开房间，
I've got connects all over Beantown, man. 	我在波士顿人脉很广的。 
Her kidneys are shutting down. We should let her go. 	她肾衰竭了放弃治疗吧。 
I meant that, you know, you're fun. You know, you're fun. 	我是说，你很有趣，你知道吗。很有趣。 
Room service available from 7:30 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. 	客房服务时间：早 7 点半至晚 9 点 
Huey came to the hospital.	休易来医院。
They got her phone. 	她的电话会被监听。 
Because, like, the six billion people 	因为之前有六十亿个人你想找 
But I do, I really do.	但那的确是我的主意。
But during his third visit narendra fared no better.	纳兰德第三次拜访师父就没有受到较好的遭遇了。
I don't have to know everything about you, 	我不必知道你所有的事， 
It slipped under the living room couch - 	掉在了客厅的沙发下面- 
I think it's outside the evacuation zone.	但是那里已经不在疏散区了。
What are you so convinced 	为什么你这么肯定 
Blogs are competing with online newspapers.	博客正在与网络报纸进行竞争。
LsIs there a place for us? No!	有地方给我们住吗？没有！
I pushed our reservations to 8:00.	我把预约推迟到八点了。
Because you turned from someone very cool into a wanna - be pop star. 	先不管选歌烂你的表演方式就不对。 
Very impressive references here. Thank you, sir.	简介令人印象深刻啊。谢谢，先生。
Figure out a way to use that against him. 	想办法利用这点打败他。 
Be careful it doesn't belong to me 	别抢！那不是我的。 
Therefore, the mass would've had to have been...	因此，其规模将不得不低于人们原先的想象。。。
Only to find you sneaking out of the house? 	却看到你要偷偷的跑出去？ 
On behalf of the late emperor	为先帝雪耻
Not under the same roof.	不会在同一屋檐下。
In states like california, initiatives can even turn voters into founding fathers who amend the state constitution.	在像加州这样的州中，创议制甚至能将选民变成修改州宪法的立州之父。
Oh, you're just feeling like you haven't achieved enough.	哦，你只是觉得自己没有什么成就。
Since the fall of wuhan the kuomintang has launched three anti-communist onslaughts, in each of which, as the facts show, the kuomintang troops sprang surprise attacks on the communist forces.	因为自武汉失守以来，国民党发动了三次反共高潮，在这三次反共高潮中都有国民党军队袭击共产党军队的事实。
A movie review is not gonna help us right now.	现在一个电影评论帮不了我们什么行动吧。
Sources tell us the plane was deliberately set ablaze 	报道称疾控中心将在 
You're welcome. I almost forgot. 	别客气。我差点忘了。 
To learn boxing	啊来学拳击
The super-ministries will eventually lay the ground for further reforms to separate policymaking and regulatory functions, and also force government agencies out of business.	大部制将最终为深化改革奠定基础，以求分离决策职能与监管职能，并迫使政府机构与企业脱离。
But I have things handled, okay?	可这些事情我自己能处理好，好吗？
Although it could be worse. I had...	尽管可能更糟。我把这句...
I lived in an apartment the size of a small child. 	我都在孩子大小的地方住着。 
Mr romney accuses china of currency manipulation, so he is creating an "enforcement unit" to police "unfair trading practices".	而罗姆尼则指责中国总控货币，于是他正在创建一个“强制执行单位”，以便监管“不正当的贸易行为”。
To think you've failed your child. 	想到自己辜负了孩子。 
But seems to come from the beyond,	可她似乎从遥远的地方来，
Let us see how you have fared in your dictationsm children!	孩子们让我看看你们完成的听写！
Your son... And your daughter, your wife.	你的儿子，女儿，妻子。
One of them is going to exile island. 	你得选择其中一人去放逐之岛。 
Well, what if Andy starts playing with me more, woody, huh? 	如果安弟花很多时间和我玩呢？ 
You work at the hotel diplomat? 	你在外事饭店工作？ 
There's another Tyrell who requires your attention. 	另一个提利尔更需要您的关注。 
Even in its very first season and everything. 	即使从第一季的一开始。 
don't wait for us.	别等我们。
Guests will enjoy the Provencal Market in walking distance from the hotel. 	客人将欣赏到距离酒店几步之遥的普罗旺斯市场。 
Water-soaked exuding spots occur in the bark near the growing shoot tips.	靠近生长着的稍皮内有水浸出点，使该处膨大。
Because she has such a wild imagination. 	因为她想象力非常丰富。 
Since then, he vanished. 	从那以后，他就消失了。 
I want to know why you and your sister find him so attractive.	我想知道你和你妹妹为什么觉得他有吸引力。
You learn a little something. - No way. 	你就明白了。- 不会吧。 
I'm cleared for physical activity. 	我可以进行机体运动。 
Hi. I'd like to get a delivery to Beverly Hills. 	你好。麻烦你们外送到比佛利山庄来。 
But mexico poses some unique difficulties. It is bigger and richer but more decentralised, with weaker police forces and courts.	但墨西哥面临的情况有些特殊，墨西哥比哥伦比亚更大更富有，但是政治权力相对分散，警察力量和法院也更薄弱。
Why not join us in playing basketball?	你何不和我们一起打篮球去呢？
Student: so we're going to keep him as a. 	学生：我们可以把他看成。 
He's got five broken ribs, a fractured collarbone, 	他断了五根肋骨，和一根锁骨， 
So what are you on now…	你现在用的是什么药...
I'm going too. 	我也会去舞会。 
Prices excluded airport taxes, fuel surcharges, security charges, caddy fee.	费用不包括两地机场税、保安税、球僮费。
Drop him off at the free clinic.	把他送到了免费门诊。
Gold star. 	回答正确。加十分。 
Four-course dinner day 1, 2 and 3 	在入住的第一天、第二天和第三天，为您提供4道菜的晚餐 
But thank you very much, Louis. 	不过，还是谢谢了，路易斯。 
Disregarding such a warning can lead to serious or fatal injury.	忽视这种警示会导致严重的或致命的伤害.
He puts the cocaine in a golf bag and returns with the cash. 	他把可卡因装在高尔夫球袋里带走送回的则是现金。 
I know you have a crush on her. You already told me that. 	我知道你很喜欢她。你已经告诉我了。 
That is just so thoughtful of him. 	他想的可真是周到。 
David parker's father, gilbert, was just 16 years old when he left chorlton in manchester and set sail from london on 28 march 1923, for australia.	戴维帕克的父亲吉尔伯特离开曼彻斯特查尔顿，于1923年3月28日从伦敦启航去澳大利亚，当时只有16岁。
Want to tell that to the academic board?! 	你想在学术委员会那里说这些么？！ 
And we're just gonna pretend it didn't happen? 	我们却要装作一无所知？ 
Good morning . Good morning. My, you're up...	早上好。早上好，亲爱的，你...
Owen was unlucky not to score on two occasions.	欧文不幸两次都没有进球。
Symbol: surface screen printed / to match PMS #411C / Symbol Style = "Fire Stair Symbol" 	符号：面板屏幕为印刷屏/与PMS#411C匹配/标识样式为“消防楼梯标识) 
I mean, how do I tell her that?	我的意思是我该怎么告诉她？
just help yourself to the love in my heart	尽情享用我的爱我全心献上
Divorced? Really?	离婚？真的？
I don't tell this story very often,	一般人我不告诉他哦，
It's said drinking some warm water can help get over the belch.	有人说打嗝时喝点儿热水就会好的。
Professor, Lars here. The guards have beaten up Bosch. 	教授，教授，我是拉兹守卫们把巴什打了。 
I love you, I miss you. I want you around me. 	我爱你们，想你们希。望你们都在我身边。 
What's he doing? He's been outside for ages. 	他在干嘛？他在外面待很久了。 
There ain't no reward for getting him halfway to that train, is there? 	半途而废就没有奖金了，不是吗？ 
So it's like really weird I have to share that with someone else. 	我不得不和别人这么做，真是怪怪的。 
There have been high - end, four - person robberies in boulder, San Diego and Austin.	在博尔德圣地亚哥和奥斯汀都发生了四人高手段盗窃案。
Cos it's gotta get bad before it gets good 	因为在黎明之前总有黑夜 
Google's project is likely intended to spur investment by isps, because for google, the equation is simple.	google的这项工程应该会鼓励互联网服务供应商们投资到他们身上，因为很简单投资这个工程就等于投资google。
Oopsie! I had a poopsie. 	喔！我放了一个。 
It was stupid to have him in it.	把他照进来实在太蠢了。
Yeah, but if I could see the raw test data, I could draw my own conclusions.	但给我看原始数据，我就能得出我自己的结论。
The guy I bought my birds from. 	卖我鸟的那个人。 
Well, after we pull this off, treasure island's gonna be a big, ugly crime site. 	嗯，等我们干完这票，金银岛将成为一个巨大的丑恶的犯罪地点。 
I'm divorcing you. 	我要跟你离婚。 
W...... Like erotica? 	什么…… 像色情文学？ 
I had a bunch of ideas but they were too blurry to produce any well-rendered images.	我有一大堆的想法，但是对于制作渲染效果良好的插图来说那是太大一堆想法了。
Right now, with so many companies still recovering from near-death experiences in the land of debt and leverage, watching balance sheets for the moment when a company goes from intensive care to the recovery room is one of the best ways to look for bargain-priced stocks that are on the mend.	现在，很多公司仍然在从因负债和财务杠杆造成的半死状态中恢复，当一个公司从重症监护室转移到普通康复病房的时候，研究它的资产负债表能够找到那些正在改善的廉价股票。
Express check in A fee of $15.00 will be added to the final invoice for all guests who check-in prior to 3:00pm. 	下午三点前入住的客人将会在最终发票里面多收取$15的费用。 
The calf may be young but it's capable of outrunning the wolf, 	小鹿虽然小，但只要它不停地奔逃， 
And put them on the nightstand?	把它放在我的床头边？
Son, that's God's money. 	孩子，那是上帝的钱。 
You know at first she'll tear your throat out, but eventually you're gonna like it.	一开始它会让你感觉喉咙撕开，但最后你会喜欢上它。
How to treat sexual assault victims 	从未提到使用紧急避孕措施 
Your eyesight got worse?	你的视力变坏了吗？
I don't want to feel that way again.	我再也不想重复那种感受了。
When this news comes out, that's going to be a big part of it.	最后事情败露，我们会把你当时的态度也公布出去。
Okay, who are you kidding? 	好吧，你到底在开谁的玩笑？ 
Because they have the cat. 	因为他们有猫。 
The girls barely had time to get the ice cream open.	女孩还没来得及吃上冰激凌。
We will have vengeance for it,	我们将要复仇，
I mean, what if some people just aren't cut out to be parents? 	万一有些人生来就不是做父母的料呢？ 
Fine, I'll take care of it for you.	好吧，我会帮你付清。
Management method of timber licenced transportation of fujian province.	福建省木材凭证运输管理办法。
Ios continues to lead, "baird reports," followed by blackberry, with android still receiving poor marks in this category. "	贝尔德公司的调研报告指出，“iOS继续保持行业领先地位，黑莓紧随其后，而Android在这一方面仍然处于劣势。”
You know, I'm one of the investors in this new club - axis.	你知道吗，我是那个新的轴线俱乐部的一个股东。
But cera cautions that developed nations will hardly be through with oil anytime soon.	但是cera提醒发达国家在任何时间并不能很快会抛弃石油。
Wait, wait, you said she slit her wrists yeah	等等，你说她割腕的就是
All the trouble I caused back home... 	我在家里制造太多麻烦... 
I'm okay. You sure?	我很好。你确定吗？
It just tipped over. Yeah, I was - 	它整个翻了过来。嗯，我- 
doesn't matter anyway. He got me kicked out.	已经无所谓了。他把我踢出局了。
The influence of reaction temperature, concentration of reagents, rate of reagents addition, calcination temperature on properties of powder were investigated by chemical analysis, partical size analysis, aas, xrd and tg-dta.	通过化学分析、粒度分析、原子吸收光谱分析、xrd和tg-dta等手段，研究了反应温度、反应浓度、加料速度、煅烧温度对粉料性能的影响。
First thing that we have to decide is this: who is going with Charlie to the factory? 	我们要决定的第一件事是：谁和查理去工厂？ 
Yes. I already packed up my desk. I could be out of here in an hour. 	是的，我已经整理桌子了。我可以在一小时之内离开。 
You should see Lureen punchin 'numbers in her adding machine.	你应该看看露芮按计算机数字时的样子。
In my old job, we used to have uniforms.	以前那份工作，我们是有制服的。
But under the geithner-summers plan the loan is precisely designed to be a one-way bet, for the purpose of overpricing the toxic asset in order to bail out the bank's shareholders at hidden cost to the taxpayers.	但按照盖特纳萨默斯计划，政府贷款被设计为单向押注，目的是为问题资产制定过高的价格，从而为银行股东纾困，纳税人支付了隐形成本。
It floods the country with the bogus national currency and the bogus gold yuan notes, thus ruining the economic life of the people and reducing the broad masses to bankruptcy;	滥发伪法币和伪金圆券，破坏人民的经济生活，使广大人民陷于破产的地位；
I got three "bro - Athlon" events planned for these guys. 	我为这些人准备了三项" 兄弟赛事。 
Yeah, I might know a guy. 	我可能认识一个人。 
If this is psyops base, what are you doing here? 	如果这是心战基地，那你在做什么？ 
Her grandfather taught her to conjure.	她的祖父教她变魔术。
Schlemmer. I've arranged for krenski to send him some pickled carp. 	施莱默我派昆斯基给他送了些咸鱼过去。 
First thing you need to know is I like those frozen coffee drinks. 	你首先要知道就是我喜欢冰咖啡饮料。 
Seeds oblong or narrowly so, flat, comose.	种子长圆形或狭如此，平，具丛毛。
As more people economize, it's become cool to pay less rather than more.	随着越来越多的人开始精打细算，削减开支成了一种时尚。
If there were a discrepancy ( difference), then the company would like to call you asap.	如果有什么差错，公司会尽快打电话和你联系。
I thought you said this place was still for sale. 	我以为你说这地方还没卖出呢。 
And that is the key, argues peter bergen, an expert on terrorism at the new america foundation.	新美国基金会的恐怖主义问题专家彼得伯根说这正是阿富汗问题的关键。
I love you, too, crazy girl 	我也爱你，疯姑娘 
According to ewa, its bigfoot remote tagging system is "ideal" for "high-value target" missions and intelligence operations.	据埃瓦安佐，其大脚远程标记系统是“理想”的“高价值目标”任务和情报工作。
Vacuuming your cortex -  	抽空你的脑皮层 - 
Yeah? Driver's ed. 	哦？驾驶训练基地。 
It was more like'to kill a sophomore.	更会去看" 杀死一个二年级学生。
A deft swordsman, then.	手段很高明啊
I have total respect for the chelsea club and fans aswell as for football in england and the culture of the country.	对切尔西俱乐部和球迷，对英国的足球传统和这个国家的文化，我都心怀崇敬。
All the children were pleased to see her again, but she did not speak to gilbert blythe.	看到她回来所有的孩子都很高兴，但安妮还是不理睬吉尔伯特布莱思。
Mothers are like that. 	妈妈们都那样。 
You know what, I hear Robert is a very good dancer. 	你知道吗，我听说罗伯特舞跳得不错呢。 
That shot all those years ago.	打失了最关键的致命一击..
Yeah, I see her around here and there. Oh, for real? 	是的，我到处看见她。噢，真的？ 
OK, you go that way, I'll go this way. OK. 	好吧，你从那边走，我走这边。好吧。 
I gave her too much credit.	我真是过于相信她了。
And she won't drink regular milk by itself.	她不喝普通的牛奶。
I'm sure it's not in Sook's spirit 	我能肯定那不是仁淑的魂灵 
I am sky commander Winky 	我是天空指挥官文可 
Short selling is when an investor hopes to gain from the expected decline in the price of a stock.	简单的说就是当投资者希望赚取股票下降的利润的时候。
doesn't mean I don't laugh at a fart.	不代表别人放屁我不会笑啊。
You have information that could help them.	你掌握了可以帮助他们的信息。
He wants to keep his record clean. 	他不希望留下任何案底。 
The other is, I've got it. 	另一种就是。我找到神像了。 
But, don't worry, I've got everything under control, 	但是，不要担心，我会处理好这些事情， 
Pardon the Spanish. 	原谅他吧。 
Here, here, have some more honey!	给你，给你，这个多吃点！
Mr chen accepts sipg shares features with other big port operators.	陈戌源承认，上港集团与其它大型港口运营商存在共性。
She was our control case.	她本是我们控制范围内的。
If they do and they're caught, they're out. 	如果他们那么做了又被抓住的话，就会被开除。 
Tfn news briefing: oil and utilities highlights to 15:45 bst-forbes.	水杉新闻发布会:以石油、公用15:45钡精彩-福布斯。
But he has a working vessel andthat's all you need.	但是他有一条可工作的船,那就是你所需要的。
For the heathen in the far islands of the sea;	为远处海岛上的那些异帮教徒求福；
Yes, do. Yes, I'm going to.	好的。我这就喝。
A mirage they will never conquer in their lifetime? 	只是他们一生都无法实现的幻想呢？ 
I never made mistakes 	我从来不犯错误 
We just saw an orderly in the same situation. 	我们刚刚处理了一样同样的病症。 
Because I don't even know what that means.	我不知道那是什么意思啊
Well, it was - it was our first date, 	呃，那是我们- 我们第一次约会， 
What do you... What do... What do you mean? They said we could flush him. 	你说... 你说什么......你什么意思？他们说我们可以处理掉骨灰。 
My exwife lives there. 	我前妻住那。 
I mean you can't have those types around the precinct. 	我是说你不能容忍在你的警局里有那种人存在。 
If only there were a way to bring back Wallace. 	如果有办法把它变回华莱氏就好了。 
But they're going to want to know.	但他们会想知道。
A rupture disk device is a nonreclosing pressure-relief device actuated by static pressure and designed to function by the bursting of a pressure-containing disk.	破裂盘装置是一个非重闭减压装置,它由静压力启动,通过容压盘的破裂发挥作用.
Aseismic analysis of flood protection levee of qiangtang river in hangzhou area.	杭州钱塘江防洪堤抗震分析。
let's go.	咱们快走。
Oh! Nicely done. 	哦！做得好。 
Over the women of my choosing. 	也会使用超能力。 
Just thought I'd come by and say -  	只是想过来说 -  
My dog never bit before.	我的狗也从没咬过人。
Realize formal twoness by capital economy.	论资本经济实现形式的二重性。
I don't remember where my room is. I'll show you.	我不知道的房间在哪里。我带你去。
They tried the same thing after the fire of seventy-seven.	自从77年的火灾之后，他们就做过同样的事。
I would have never let you go. 	我是绝对不会让你走的。 
And I know that he was your friend. 	我知道他也是你们的朋友。 
There is no higher status and love of tradition in the world were rejected; do not have love, wanting to change name, strange bedfellows...... man in bed under the body from head to tail to love or not love a woman as what?	没有名份的爱在世界的传统中被人唾弃；没有爱的名份拥有，同床异梦……床上的男人由头至尾把身下爱或不爱的女人看作什么？
I mean, I think we was pretty well situated back at the campsite. 	我是说，我们最好回露营地。 
His old has not even finished the years of high school.	她老爸我连十年级都没毕业。
It's never a waste of money to learn English.	学英语的话不算是浪费啊。
And suffering. 	一边自怨自艾 
So you don't really have to bother with reality. That must be nice. 	所以你不会真的为现实困扰。那很好。 
Yes, uncle, he... 	是的，舅舅，他…… 
Sometimes even to each other.	有时候他们自己都分不清楚。
Peruvians have organized for the first time in decades.	几十年来秘鲁人第一次组织起来。
Cluck you! Cluck you! 	关门关门！ 
Fierce exterminate hill rub the feudal official tea on cliff carved stone bears a responsibility.	武夷山摩崖石刻上的官府茶禁事。
The two of you are now...? 	你们二位现在是？ 
The study on secessionist movement in indonesia from the perspective of nationalism--the case of aceh.	从民族主义观点看印尼的分离运动－亚齐个案研究。
So I won't allow any guests	因此不准任何宾客到访
But if you'll recall, my love, the way we leaped into this marriage caper didn't allow much time for discussion.	你想想，亲爱的，咱们这么心急火燎地演出了金玉良缘这场戏，哪有时间高谈阔论。
That will be painful, and require more audacity than mr obama has shown so far.	这将会很艰难，奥巴马需要比现在更大胆。
St. Luke's in the ICU.	在圣·卢卡斯急救中心。
Gordon brown and tony blair, britain's current and former prime ministers, became members of parliament at the tender ages of 32 and 30 respectively, their other careers ( journalist and barrister) having been merely useful preludes.	戈登布朗和托尼布莱尔，英国现任和前任首相，分别在32岁和30岁时年纪轻轻就当上了议员，他俩之前的职业（记者和庭辩律师）只不过是有用的前奏而已。
I thought you'd be out celebrating.  	我以为你会出去庆祝。 
Okay, listen, okay, I believe what I see in front of my face,	好吧，听着，我相信我眼前看见的，
Deal. We'll revisit this in ten mutes.	好的。我们10分钟后再讨论这个问题。
You think it's what I want to hear? 	你觉得这是我想听的？ 
Just because I'm the project manager because that's the 	我是项目经理这也是默认的结果 
Don't forget the blood, sweat and tears that we shed every day to make this happen.	别忘了，我们每天挥洒心血、汗水和眼泪，为的就是有朝一日公司能够成功。
Give my warmest regards to your grandmother.	替我热情问候你奶奶。
We'll do a few more visits, some town hall meetings. 	我们应该多点参加，市政厅会议。 
We cannot let you pass!	我们不能让你昔时！
I stole some pens. 	我偷了几支笔。 
I know. I'm so stoked. 	我知道我实在太兴奋。 
No, it's not plenty of time. Get her hot for a nigga.	不,不没时间帮你哥们带她出去吧。
don't even breathe, please?	可能的话请摒住呼吸，好吗？
And you hit on him? 	你就跟他调情了？ 
The half-bred racing car girl is concave-convex interesting.	混血赛车女郎凹凸有致。
In the film, empty beverage containers become a symbol for poverty and exploitation.	在影片中，空的饮料容器成为贫穷和利用的象征。
Here you go. It's all you, it's all you.	给你。这些都给你。这些都给你。
Leonid zlotnikov, an economist, says belarus needs to find monthly payments of over$ 1 billion to service its debts.	经济学家列昂尼德罗尼科夫说，白俄罗斯需要弄到10多亿美元的月付款项来支付它的债务。
We need your help. Is there somewhere we could go and talk?	我们需要你的帮助。可不可以找个合适的地方谈谈？
Oh...... jeez, I never know that he would be that shy, later guys.	哦……呀，我从不知道你会那么害羞，晚熟的家伙。
Why stopping me taking photo? 	干嘛挡着我？ 
I think I've made a terrible mistake. 	我好像犯了个大错。 
Sort of put some sort of lighting continuity together for the film.	关于电影的灯光衔接。
I think you have the most beautifully shaped head. 	我觉得你的头型是最漂亮的。 
Oh, silly. Hi. 	噢，傻瓜。嗨。 
I'm Frankenstein and she's Gretel. 	我是弗兰肯斯坦她是格雷特。 
I think she knows about it.	我觉得她肯定知道。
I want to know if she...	我想知道…
Yeah, can you can you use this	你能用这个
It means that the first is best... 	它意思是说第一个就是最好的… 
If we agree to come along, how is that any better?	及时我们同意加入，那会有些许改变吗？
I'm almost hose. 	我就快好了。 
That thing that sets it apart from the rest of the world. 	使它区别于芸芸众生的东西。 
You cant sit still, its like tryin to smoke crack.	你不克不及束手待毙，它像想法吸烟裂纹。
I think it's too early for an awards show,	我觉得对于一场颁奖礼来说是太早了，
I came into your room 	我到过你的房间 
I'm going to give up. 	我就会放弃了。 
Tell him he has to give it to our grandson.	告诉他替我把它给我们的孙子。
Missed you at the last city Council meeting. 	上次市政会议你没来真可惜。 
Man, man, I'll suck your Dick.	等等，等等，我会添你的老二。
Let's go, Dobbs.	我们走吧，豆布斯。
If it got broke in the blast, it should've blown out -  Onto the fire escape. 	如果由于爆炸而破碎，玻璃应向外飞溅洒在放火梯上。 
I didn't see it when I parked to let you in.	我停车让你们进来的时候没看到。
Yeah, can't stay long this time. 	是的，这次不能待久。 
I truly hope you do,	我真的希望你明白，
You know what keeps running through my mind?	你知道什么一直在我脑子里转悠吗？
Yes, yes... No, no! That one a wee bit higher!	对，对...不，不！那个应该挂高点！
And if your mother and father disapprove, 	如果你父母不同意， 
Yeah, we both know that's not true.	我们都知道并非如此。
Job well done, you two. 	你们两个做得真不错。 
Looks like you fellows had a heck of a fight. 	你们看来好象打了一场硬战。 
But I know what you're thinking. What about Josh? 	我知道你在想什么。乔什怎么样了呢？ 
All right, uncle. You just killed a man a while ago 	是啊，大叔，你只不过不久前刚杀了一个人 
But I would say we're in pretty good shape for our first preview tonight.	但为今晚首次预演准备的还不错。
These parents heard the sad news, circuit baotoutongku together.	这几位家长听到这个不幸消息，围在一起抱头痛哭。
She runs a club.	她经营一家俱乐部
Good - bye, Domino	再见，多美
Which I would venture a quarter of you have probably already. 	我敢打赌你们中至少有四分之一的人读过此书。 
Hey, Beth. Claire. 	嘿，贝丝。克莱尔。 
Well, my voice came from God. 	噢,我的声音是来自上帝。 
What? Now, what time is your appointment? 	什么？你的预约是几点？ 
You're probably not even aware of -	你可能不自觉-
Mr.? Mr.? Got a pencil? 	先生？先生？有铅笔吗？ 
I've got what I was digging for.	我们挖掘了这么久终于找到了这里。
His speech was received with rapture by his supporters.	他的演说受到支持者们的热烈欢迎。
While not iron-clad, miller says the findings are an additional plank of evidence challenging the popular contention that viking did not find life.	尽管实验并非无懈可击，米勒说这些发现是挑战“火星车并未发现生命”论点的一个额外的筹码。
On a Carson long. 	卡森·龙的人。 
Inject second liver is vaccinal, can want the child.	注射乙肝疫苗，能要孩子。
Well, maybe I don't needyour help no more.	或许我不再需要你的帮助了。
Since when did you become this fearless hero?	但什么时候你变身成一位神勇女侠了？
About defense counsel aside when deciding a case. 	完全可以抛开对辩护律师的个人感觉。 
Did I just kill that guy? He tried to kill me, and you stopped him. 	我是不是杀了那家伙？是他想杀了我，你只是想阻止他。 
Looks like one of these is missing.	怎么少了一个。
I don't recall ever having a conversation about it... 	我不记得与宇航员或任务管理层有过这方面的交流..... 
Sometimes he listened with dignified interest to details of her businesses, nodding approval at her sagacity, and at other times he called her somewhat dubious tradings scavenging, highway robbery and extortion.	有时候他很认真的仔细听她述说生意中的各项细节，点头称赞她办事有头脑，有时候他就把她那些不是很正当的做法叫做捡便宜，叫做投机取巧。
It's made your whole life different.	它使你全部生活都变得不同以往了。
Similar overtures are being made to both saudi arabia and jordan, states that are pursuing civilian nuclear-power programs to diversify their energy supplies.	相似的提议也正在沙特阿拉伯和约旦展开，这两个国家希望通过民用核能项目使国家能源供应多样化。
All I did was tape the quad. 	我就是拍了学校院子。 
So you're saying you like me how I am? 	所以你是说你喜欢这样的我？ 
To the child's delight, there was a present at the bottom of the can.	今孩子高兴的是有个礼物在罐子底部。
A lioness is following them,	一直母狮子在追踪看它们，
It's the medal of Mary. 	是圣母玛利亚像。 
For such disguise as hapiy shall become the form of my intent.	好让我达到我的目的。
Check minimum connection size and type on equipment.	检查设备的最小接头尺寸和类型。
You had the eggplant parm. I only really had water so...	你吃了焗茄子。我只喝了水所以...
Google hasn't decided how it could market a self-driving car system, he said.	莱万多夫斯基说，谷歌还没有决定如何对自动驾驶汽车系统展开营销。
I know many of you don't believe in magic. 	我知道你们有很多人并不相信魔术。 
Almost menstruate for one for the half month.	差不多半个月来一个月经。
I refuse to live in a world where whispers become fact. 	我不愿住在一个把谣言当作真相的世界。 
Wealth management products are typically short-term investment products that the banks market as high-yield alternatives to deposits.	理财产品是典型的短期投资产品，银行将其兜售为储蓄的高收益率替代品。
Well, why don't you shut up! 	你干嘛不闭嘴！ 
Their beauty?	她们的美貌？
And that was sent to every kid at school at the same time?	同时传到了学校所有人的手机上？
Okay, that's where he put the evidence. 	他把证据放那包里了。 
Sure. I'll call the babysitter, tell her there's a change of plans.	当然。我会打电话给保姆，告诉她计划有变。
And thank him for his great service to us. 	感谢他的帮助。 
Well, it's hard to say. Maybe three days later. Look in again next Sunday. 	很难说，可能3天之后吧。下个礼拜日你再来看看。 
To a babbling idiot who thought he was a victim.	对一个以为自己是受害者的白痴都很好。
Okay. Break it down. Show me what you got. 	好。分解动作秀。给我看你会什么。 
I'm changing everything. 	我已经改头换面。 
Political positioning ahead of november's midterm elections could reignite the debate, particularly since there is a widespread belief in congress that mr schumer is pushing the issue partly to raise his standing ahead of a possible contest to be leader of the senate.	11月份中期选举前的政治站队可能会重燃争论，尤其是鉴于美国国会议员普遍相信，舒默推动汇率立法，一定程度上是为了在可能竞选参议院领袖之前提高自己的地位。
I just hope I get that chance 	我就是担心没有这个机会 
You are so hot for me right now, aren't you?	你现在开始羡慕我了吧，是不是？
Put him out of his misery. 	别再让他心痛了。 
The move is part of a multi-pronged effort to expand in europe and comes two years after nasdaq's failed attempt to buy the lse.	这是该交易所为在欧洲扩张而采取的多项举措之一，发生在纳斯达克（nasdaq）尝试收购伦敦证交所而未果的两年之后。
No,I'm back at work.	不，我回来上班了。
To go to a giant carnival! 	去参加大型嘉年华！ 
Deckert's got all the streets locked down. 	德克已经封锁了所有街道。 
Warranties & Life-span 	质保期和使用寿命 
And I thought you handled it really good. 	但是你处理的非常好。 
So don't try any funny stuff, because I know what you're up to here.	好的，如此不用试任何好笑东西因为我知道你在这里做什么。
Why? He's Arab. 	为什么是个阿拉伯人。 
She'd been going to the beach a lot.	她经常去海滩。
Yeah, well, that's not what I meant. 	哦，好吧，我不是这个意思。 
But he doesn't love me.	但他不爱我了。
Come cruise the mighty Mississippi River on the 800 passenger paddlewheel boat called the Celebration Bell. 	乘坐载客800人的轮船Celebration Bell游览宏伟的密西西比河。 
A "bring your own computer" or "byoc" movement has already emerged in america.	一种“自带电脑”或“byoc”运动已在美国出现。
Local officials in nangarhar province said the victims were part of a wedding party and no militants were in the region.	阿富汗楠格哈尔省地方官员说，空袭的遇难者是参加一个婚礼的民众，当时那个地区没有激进份子。
Who are you to take that away from them? 	你凭什么把这份荣耀剥夺了？ 
Because your friend totally has your back.	因为你的朋友完全可以帮上你的忙。
Financial statements are often questionable, in no small part because chinese universities are unable to produce as many accountants as china needs.	财务报表往往疑点颇多，这在很大程度上是因为中国的高等院校培养不出足够多的会计师来满足中国的需要。
I ask you to write down your name, age and what you want to do in the future in a small sheet of paper 	我要求你们在一张小纸片上写下你们的姓名，年龄，和你们将来想做的事情 
Oh, no. You would be surprised what you can get away with. 	哦不。你会惊讶于自己可以免责。 
Great city. The greatest.	伟大的城市。最伟大的。
He's being watched. 	他正处于监视之下。 
No, but I'm in the process of securing venture capital to take my company national.	不，但我在努力保护风险资本想把公司做大。
I'll solve it for you. You will?	我来帮你解决问题。你？
Here was a formidable and measureless step.	这是一个重大但难以预测的步骤。
That's just fucking brilliant.	你真他妈太聪明了。
Maybe the spell went along for the ride	可能这个咒语会随遇而安
He doesn't love her. 	他并不爱她。 
They sense in me a gentleness.	他们感受到我是善良温和的人。
I mean, whoever killed our bike messenger 	我是说，不论谁杀了那信使 
Lead the Cyclops captive into Rome, 	从而进入了罗马剑水蚤俘虏， 
I'd rather be with a piayboy who knows how to love me, 	我宁愿和一个知道怎么去爱我的花花公子在一起， 
I'm licensed to carry that in this state. 	我在这个州带枪是合法的。 
Pizza-delivery chain salvatore cuomo japan inc.now offers its popular margherita pizza at 1500 yen, compared with the usual 1980 yen.	披萨外卖连锁店salvatore cuomo japan inc.现在对其大受欢迎的玛格丽特披萨推出优惠价1500日圆，其平时售价为1980日圆。
I thought dreams were just supposed to be your brain trying to process random rigmarole it couldn't find a place for. 	我觉得做梦只是大脑在处理那些在脑中无处可放的杂乱信息。 
I'm getting too old for this shit. Seriously, I could use a beer and a lie - down. 	我太老了，抓不住他不过，我想坐下来喝杯啤酒。 
You must know where it is, you've been sitting in it for over a year now.	你应该知道自己的位子在哪里，你可是坐了快一年了。
Women and children only, damn you! 	只准妇女和小孩！ 
About our deal...	关于我们的约定...
I've asked him to appear in court to accuse the prince. 	我叫他上堂出首告咨襄阳王谋反。 
I've waited 16 years for this. 	我为此等了16年。 
But all israel and judah loved david, because he led them in their campaigns.	但以色列和犹大众人都爱大卫，因为他领他们出入。
Tepco on tuesday said it had reconnected power to all six of its daiichi reactors in an effort to restore normal cooling operations.	东京电力周二说，为恢复福岛第一核电站正常的冷却作业，所有六个反应堆已全部恢复供电。
MS. Pascal? Mr. Crick. 	帕斯卡女士？克里克先生。 
Time will change it, I'm well aware.	会随着时间改变的，我很清楚。
Okay, thank you. Okay, goodbye. 	好了，谢谢。好的，再见。 
No argument here. Welcome aboard.	同感。欢迎加入。
doesn't it? Uh, king Richard?	是吗？呃，理查德国王？
Sit right here. I'm okay. 	快坐下。我没事。 
I did some brute force coding when he was too busy, but nothing major. 	他很忙的时候我写过一些蛮力代码，但都不是核心内容。 
Please don't tell me it's because you still 	别告诉那是因为你还 
Then we talked about buying homes and the future and children and the man started pouring his heart out to me.	我们聊了买房、未来、孩子，然后那个男的开始跟我掏心掏肺。
You don't know what you're doing. You're fumbling around.	你不知道自己在干什么你还在摸索。
I was married when I should've been dating around, testing the waters.	我本应四处约会试水的时候，却把自己绑死。
Hey, Sarge, what do you need? 	嘿，上士，你需要什么？ 
Because we will be selecting the 19th contestant 	因为我们将要选出本周 
An eight-year-old would weep to read this jejune tripe.	八岁会哭泣阅读本稚气牛肚。
Congress is getting less deferential by the day.	国会的顺从与日俱减。
Still, if nukes are so effective in keeping the peace, why struggle to prevent iran acquiring them?	还有，既然说核武器能够有效地维持和平，那为什么还要大费周章地阻止伊朗获得核武器？
Rumored to give the bearer the power to levitate whoever they choose.	传言能赋予持有者让任何人飘浮的能力。
Sure jeez, you don't think how much work it is.	是啊，你不知道有多辛苦。
How do you do, bill? 	你好，比尔？ 
The landlord said that the extradimensional rifts or cattle, lament, wild boar and the like.	楼主说的是异次元裂痕还是牛，悲鸣，野猪之类的。
The introduction of these new security features seems to have reduced the number of forged new notes in circulation.	这些新防伪特征的增设似乎起到了减少流通中伪造的新版钞的作用。
Is there any brain activity? 	有脑波活动吗？ 
It seems that the hemoconcentration that occurs during physical exercise induces an increase in albumin plasma levels and, consequently, a decrease in the non-bound portion of a fixed amount of cobalt.	看起来似乎在体育运动时的血液浓缩引发了白蛋白离子水平的升高，因此，一定量的钴离子中的游离部分就减少了。
Good. - But it doesn't mean anything. 	很好。- 但那是没有意义的。 
Oh, God, I think I've broken my - 	哦，上帝，我想我已经折断了我的- 
How are you? Guess what, I don't care. 	你好吗？其实我猜不关心这个。 
The events leading up to her death were unavoidable. 	她的死是无可避免的。 
Regular, you know? Like, not strange. Pretty normal, right? 	有规律，你知道吗？就是，不搞怪。很正常的，对吧？ 
And a husband. 	是个丈夫。 
Its ashes are the only thing that can kill the monster I'm hunting. 	只有它的灰烬才能干掉我在猎杀的怪物。 
You should exercise extreme caution when driving in fog.	在雾中开车要极为小心。
They put the susper under arrest after finding him with incriminating cvidence.	他们发现嫌疑犯有犯罪证据后将他拘留。
When the people clapped..	当听众在鼓掌时。
But so have I.	但逃不过我的。
We will wake up tomorrow	我们明早醒来
Us two really get along. 	我们俩合作无间。 
I don't want your innocence.	我不想要你的天真无邪。
Let's pretend for a second that I'm not a complete idiot	咱们来假装一下我不是白痴
Bad man, don't touch my thing. You are silly 	坏家伙，你不要搞。你是傻的呀 
You're sexy. You make me laugh.	你很性感。你让我开口笑。
No longer believe in absolutely determined no longer expect to stay together, no place to wait for the distant friendship.	不再相信矢志不移，不再期望长相厮守，不再对遥远的友情寄予等待。
We promise no more secrets. 	我们保证过不要有秘密。 
I'll meet you later, even take you to dinner at your favorite spot. 	回头见请你在你最爱的餐厅吃饭。 
I only have a little time, my darling granddaughter. 	我时间不多了，乖孙女啊。 
Good. Well, guess we'll get some answers. 	好啊。很快，我们就知道答案了。 
Races and classes and so on.	种族以及阶级等。
Thanks for the vending machines.	啊，谢谢，请使用自动售卖机。
You ready, Mr. Conlon? Aye.	准备好没有，康伦先生？好了我正要来。
And if I didn't make house - calls, 	如果我不上门诊疗， 
Yeah, what is that sound? 	嗯是啊，是什么声音？ 
Ready to change the world?	准备好了吗给地球来个改头换面吧？
I would be most honored 	我将感到无上荣幸 
Q: how much satisfaction do you take from your recent wins-especially after some in the paddock had suggested you were perhaps past your prime?	问：你从最近的胜利之中获得了多少的满足尤其是在维修区中有些人在暗示说你的巅峰时期已经过去了？
No, no, not on me.	不,不我没带在身边。
Smart. Juries do find you more credible	明智的。做法
Zetrov's new chief executive officer, 	泽特洛夫的新任首席执行官， 
Okay. I see you when I see you.	好吧。尽早回来啦。
Indeed, every human benefit and enjoyment, every virtue and every prudent act---is founded on compromise and barter.---Edmund burker.	所有的政府都建立在妥协和交易基础之上，实际上所有的人类福祉与安乐、所有的美德与慎行盖莫例外。
Mr. smith, together with his wife and daughter, is going to visit our school next week.	史密斯先生携妻女将于下周来我校参观。
I think that more than anywhere I've swum, felt like what Ronald Hutton was talking to me about,	一点也不像我曾经游泳过的地方，倒是很像罗纳德·哈顿跟我说过的，
I was drunk and foolish enough to answer it.	我当时烂醉如泥才会回答。
We still have to pack. And go to school tomorrow... 	我们得收拾东西。明天回学校 
They won't give up until they find the cure 	他们不找到治愈方法并且逼我使用 
Beautiful. Tank shift, foot clutch - 	不错。油箱换挡脚踏离合器 
I mean, he's not the only one with sirens and flashing lights. 	我是说，不是只有他车上才有鸣笛和闪灯的。 
Based on the findings, researchers worry that more parents may be refusing vaccines in the future--raising the risk that diseases like measles and whooping cough will spread in schools and communities.	根据调查结果表明，研究人员担心在未来会有更多的父母拒绝为他们的孩子接种疫苗，而这种做法会提高小孩患麻疹的风险，而且百日咳将会在学校和群体中传播。
Which over shades the mouth of that same pit	洞就挖在那树边
So, what's the deal? What are you gonna do exactly?	所以，怎么办？你到底要怎么做？
I just wanted to tell you how much I appreciate you...	我只想说我很感激你。
This chapter brings a layer of transparent oil gel-like protective film effects.	这油分会带来一层透明喱般的护膜效果。
Take it easy. - it's right there!	冷静点。- 就在那儿
But I'm a goddamn hero. 	但我是个该死的英雄。 
I mean, it's nothing religious, is it? 	我是说，这和宗教没关系，是吗？ 
I only touched her forehead. 	我不过碰了一下她的额头而已。 
But I can talk about other things. 	不过，我还能聊其他话题。 
We better get the cuffs out, 	我们得把手铐给他准备好， 
What are you doing? Fuck you.	你在搞毛线？滚你妹。
Drive straight on and at the next traffic light turn left.Follow straight on the Munzstrasse and Peterstrasse until the end. 	直行并在下一个红绿灯处左转。在 Munzstrasse和Peterstrasse街道上直行直到抵达路的尽头。 
And microsoft is giving every one of them the tools and its blessing to build new applications with those cams.	微软公司为他们提供工具和并愿望这些人用这些照相机做出新的应用。
Okay, well, I am. 	噢，是的，我是说。 
Not people like us.	不是像我们这样的。
And it is time for you to move on 	你们也该继续前进了 
There's nothing special about y ou 	你没什么不同 
Improve your tresses, slow hair loss, and promote growth with the right method.	正确的使用方法可以改善你的发质，减少掉发，并促进发丝生长。
Judging by the wound, looks like a .38. No weapon. 	从伤口看，用的是点38手枪没有发现武器。 
Our version of madness can even elude us.	我们关于疯狂的看法甚至回避我们。
Because I'm self-conscious about my body. 	因为我对自己身材不自信。 
Born in 1928 in brussels, peyo lived in german-occupied belgium.	1928年贝约出生在布鲁塞尔，后来生活在被德国占领的比利时。
Ah? - I found traces of another blood group mixed with hers.	啊？- 我发现2位受害者的血里都混有一种血。
It's great for non-programmers, and can be used with up to five products for free.	它对非程序员来说很不错，五件产品以下都可免费使用。
When I turn out to be right. 	当我证明我是对的时候。 
I have seen nothing in my life 	但我从没遇到过 
Where the Guif stream comes up and meets the cold winds 	在那里墨西哥湾流碰到了冷空气 
You basically discredited her 	你基本上摧毁了她的信誉 
Work around it. I need infrared satellite. Where are you? 	想想办法。我需要红外卫星信号。你在哪里？ 
The young and the beautiful are not expected to conk out in this way, to take, as it were, the nelson rockefeller option.	年轻俊美的小伙可不该就这样歇菜，像是纳尔逊洛克菲勒（nelson rockefeller）*那样。
Between minus 200 degrees centigrade 	从零下200摄氏度 
Look, I want to keep the hormones	听着，我需要把激素类
Look, here's the thing. Oh, my God.	你看，事情是这样的。哦，上帝呀。
Four jewelry stores near rodeo drive on a regular basis. 	四个珠宝店有日常生意往来。 
This one I've come up, another one going down here. 	我从这条楼梯上去另外一条就下去了。 
Water and rest. - s? 	多喝水多休息。- 好的？ 
When I pulled my hamstring, I went to a misogynist. 	我腿筋拉伤时就碰上个厌女症医生。 
Decide to stage the body in a manner so unusual, 	所以决定把尸体摆成那副摸样， 
Well, you're not acting like you want it very much, mister.	你表现得并不想要这份工作。
You wanted a monster.	你要一个怪物。
Where have I heard that before? I know, but I really mean it. 	我以前好象也听过这句话啊？我知道，可是这回我是认真的。 
Elizabeth.	伊莉莎白。
Can I come at noon? I will be aIone in the shop. 	我中午回来行吗？那店里只剩我一个了。 
I apologize for leaving you all these messages and wasting your time. 	抱歉，给你留下这些留言浪费你的时间。 
Well then do something.	好啊那就行动啊
A series of polls, as well as be-ins like glenn beck's washington rally last month, have given us a picture of a movement predominated by middle-class, middle-aged, white men angry about the expansion of government and hostile to societal change.	一系列的民意调查和格伦贝克上个月在华盛顿的聚会，你可以地清晰这是由中产阶级、中年人、和那些对政府膨胀和社会变革的有敌意并且感到愤怒的白人组成。
When you called, I was shocked to heayo Ru were in d. C., but delighted.	打电话来时我很惊讶你在华盛顿但也很高兴。
I just left my wife in a nice, warm bed to warn you about this. 	我可是把我的老婆扔在那温暖的床上来跟你说这件事的。 
Mr. earle said he has been the target of ire from current and former pipeline employees.	厄尔说，pipeline现任和前任员工对他十分不满。
For God's word. I'm sorry, okay?	我很抱歉？
Had today's rescue mechanism and firewalls been created from the outset, the crisis might not have spread so far.	要是欧元创立之初就已经构建了今天的救助机制和防火墙措施，这场危机或许不会波及至如此大的范围。
Agent dog... It. Agent Reyes. 	多可... 易特探员，瑞丝探员。 
Is your mother in the audience? 	你妈妈在观众席吧？ 
He's not holding anything back. 	他不会有所保留了。 
Let's get down to brass tacks.	咱们就直奔主题吧。
A - and do your best	尽最大努力
If I could say a few words -  	如果我能说几句的话 -  
No one knows how those newcomers might react in a sharp downturn.	没人知道这些新手在金价急剧下滑时会作何反应。
That's your sage advice?	这就是你的贤明之见？
The evidence doesn't get any better than this.	再没有比这更切实的证据了。
It's enough now. Stop, stop. Please. 	够了。请停下来。 
Only the children! Go with the others! Get in line! 	只是小孩！大人回去，站到队里去！ 
It's chilly! Thanks. 	好冷啊！谢谢。 
You enjoy your walk home, okay? 	你回家吧，好不好？ 
Nowadays curriculum includes many elementary educations such as explorations materials, the color sentiment, and the analysis esthetic sense and so on. We also enable the student to achieve the teaching goal by various methods and the trainings.	现今课程中有许多如探材,色彩感情,分析美感等与构成有关的基础教育内容,也藉由各种形的构成方法与训,使学生达到教学目标.
Exhausted and overheated in his pressure suit...	穿着过热的宇航服筋疲力尽…
Not much. Oh, shoot. You had a meet today? Sorry I missed it. 	也不太多了。哦，擦。你今天有比赛？抱歉我错过了。 
I was a brand new prosecutor, and I wanted to make my bones. 	我刚当上检查官，我想做出点什么。 
Select the choice that best answers the question in terms of the information given in the passage.	根据文中给出的信息选择最好的答案。
The forecast was for storms. 	天气预报说有暴风雨。 
They captured my family. What do I do? What do I do?	他们抓了我的家人该做什么？该做什么？
Look, she owes me some answers. I need it to make sense.	她欠我一些答案。我要搞清楚。
Then the bullet would be... 	子弹应该在… 
This thing we gotta get,	我们要的东西，
That we could have better coordinated our efforts. 	我们应该更好地协调配合。 
I'm under your power. 	我完全受你控制了。 
Hey, did your phone ring? 	嘿，你们的电话响了没？ 
You look sensational. I feel it.	你睇落好动人。我都觉。
Go on, sweeties, go tickle her! No! 	出来吧，小甜心。给她呵呵痒！不！ 
Tell her it's a request from a home town fan.	告诉她这是有故乡情结的人的请求。
In mine had a train in the front and the back. 	我之前在后台也有练过。 
And a secretary types them out and she's taken out and shot, and here we are.	秘书把结果打印出来然后她就被枪毙了。
Suddenly, I had this big "attitude problem.	突然，就变成了我的态度不好。
Chick, braise it now	小鸡，开始炖了
You can feel the hurt through the phone! 	即使隔着电话我都能感受到他的伤痛！ 
Book a relaxing stay at BEST WESTERN PLUS Memorial Inn & Suites today and save! 	请今天在贝斯特韦斯特普拉斯纪念套房酒店预定并保留放松身心的住宿! 
That's it, no more school! No more nothing!	就这样，不用上学！不用做任何事！
Just one problem. 	不过，有一个问题。 
Tell the men to put away their swords and carry their moneybags in hand.	告诉手下将剑收起来改带银包。
Captain D's 	Captain D's餐厅 
Having a disappearing actevery five minutes. 	别每五分钟就消失一次就好了。 
Into a little square 	折成一个小正方形 
Feeding the sugar mill was harsh work.	在蔗糖作坊工作是很苦的差事。
The us also insisted t would not waver in its demand that pyongyang offer "credible, verifiable steps" towards shutting down its nuclear programme before any negotiations with the stalinist state could begin.	美国还坚称，其对朝方的要求不会动摇，即平壤方面必须向关停核计划迈出“可信、可核查的步骤”，美方才可能与这个斯大林主义政权进行任何谈判。
I've shaved approximately one - third of my balls.	已经刮了1/3左右了。
So he has no fear.	因此他无所畏惧。
Attractive man to attractive man.	我们都是很有魅力的男人。
So we can keep you alive?	我们就能让你活下来？
And when gi bleeding didn't kill her.	当胃肠道出血没有致她死亡。
Mom, I don't think he came home last night. 	妈妈，我觉得他昨晚不在家。 
That's right. Nice to meet you, major. 	是的。很高兴见到你，少校。 
Though it is not my first time to teach bec, it is actually the first time I teach the students in my university. In the past I taught the adults who had already worked. I have been turning over whether my previous methods are still applicable to you and therefore make some adjustments.	虽然这不是我第一次教bec了，可是以前教的都是校外的成年人，而这次教的大部分是深大的学生，我在不停地思考着我的方法究竟适不适合你们，是否需要做出调整。
Well, beers, what do you want to do? 	啤酒们，你们想做点什么？ 
She, she's my best friend, my roommate! I... 	她 - 她是我的闺蜜我的室友！我... 
I couldn't imagine being able to fight like that,	我无法想象可以那样子作战，
Joi: I used to work in mainstream media and with large corporations.	我曾在主流媒体工作过，和一些大公司也有来往。
I don't understand why nobody around here can ever just let me be happy. 	我就是不明白你们所有人为什么就见不得我开心。 
We got muscle. - yeah,	我们有劳动力- 是的，
Robert bindschadler, a specialist in polar ice at nasa's goddard space flight center, said the study provided only a low estimate of antarctica's possible long-term contribution to rising seas because it did not deal with other mechanisms that could add water to the ocean.	robert bindschadler，一位美国宇航局戈达德太空飞行中心的极地专家，称这项研究仅仅提供了南极洲对于海平面上升长期影响度的一个粗略估计，因为它没有考虑其他可能引起海洋总体水量增加的因素。
You only gave me a doll for the first album. This time, keys?	我出第一张专辑的时候你只给了我一个娃娃。这次，钥匙？
The new york times poisoned its own story by nods and winks.	《纽约时报》的这篇报道本就有捕风捉影之嫌。
Owing to heavy commitments, we are not in a position to accept new orders. However, as soon as fresh supplies come in, we'll immediately contact you by cable.	由于大量承约，我们不能接受订单，但是一俟新货源到来，我们将随即去电与你方联系。
I don't want to be here just as much as you don't want me here.	你不想我们来这儿我也跟你一样不想来。
Can only make it more powerful. 	压抑的爱爆发的更有力量。 
We've some ham.	我们还有火腿。
Back to the present time, 	回到目前的时间， 
How's it going to look if I get a DUI on the way to spy on my ex-girIfriend? 	我要是在去监视前女友的路上被判了酒醉驾驶怎么办？ 
I couldn't catch a cab and I was beginning to... 	我正担心叫不到计程车我正想去... 
We used to be friends. 	我们以前也是朋友。 
Why didn't he pop McGee? 	他怎不对麦基开枪呢？ 
I give him the hidden immunity idol. 	我把隐藏神像给他了。 
Hey, y 'aII don't say that. Shut up. 	嘿，你可不能这么说。闭嘴。 
This is not about Latimer, all right?	不是拉蒂莫的事，知道吗？
Very well, miss. I know professional people. 	很好，小姐。我了解专业人士 
You passed? 	你们过了？ 
He's in the hospital right now getting bullets taken out. 	中了枪，现在正在医院急救。 
The facade of the building was ornamented with obtrusive sculpted designs.	过分炫耀的雕刻作品装饰了建筑物的正面。
Get along, get along	快点跑，快点跑
She seems to be sitting there, right at again the doorway of the room. 	她坐在这，正对着门的方向。 
Y ou need some air? I think l could use a little air. 	你想要些新鲜空气吗？我想我可以利用一下新鲜空气。 
Former analysts at s& p and moody's ( mco), which has a similar process, liken the procedure to a cross between and academic debate and a cross examination.	标准普尔和穆迪(Moody's,穆迪有类似的流程)的前分析师们将这个过程相比于学术辩论和交叉验证。
Right. - and keep your distance	好的。—在开始录像前
Do you want a custard cream, Mrs raimes? 	想来点乳蛋糕吗雷姆斯太太？ 
They're dangerous. They have americium - 241 in them. 	它很危险，里面有鎇- 24 1. 
Kidding. Welcome. Come on.	开玩笑的。欢迎你。来走吧。
He'll definitely try to download the videos tonight. 	今晚他绝对会设法下载那些视频的。 
I have my qualifications.	我有我的工作技能。
His family are completely behind him, whatever he decides.	他无论作出什么决定，家人都全力支持。
This community. 	是这个社区。 
Bakeries sell christmas cakes as traditional sweetheart treats.	面包店会推出圣诞蛋糕作为传统的情人餐。
Weighing almost one hundred jin the stone was moved by him alone.	虽然那块石头重将近一百斤，他一个人就把它挪动了。
JunBao, the examination for promotion into the da mor hall will be held soon.	君宝呀，过几天寺里就要选武僧进达摩院了。
So yeah, I know you. 	所以我当然了解你。 
he's tipsy. damn rascals. No chance to turn a blind eye.	他醉了。该死的小流氓。时刻要人盯着。
We got the count.	我们抓到伯爵了。
If you hadn't come over to me, I was gonna make my way over to you. 	如果你没有过来找我，我就会过去找你。 
We'll see just how straight up it is. 	我们会去查清楚的。 
I am Sofia. 	我就是苏菲亚。 
He was the son of a poor pastor.	他是一个穷牧师的儿子。
Information you might find... 	你也许…。 
Some viewers complain about the unremittingly pro-government press and television.	一些观众抱怨一成不变支持政府的报刊杂志和电视节目。
Yes, your father. Did he mention me? 	当然是说你父亲了他提到我了吗？ 
Then the candidates could sit in washington, dc, smoking cigars while consultants ran ads for them.	这样一来，那些候选人就能待在华盛顿特区，悠然的抽着雪茄，看着他们的顾问在为自己宣传造势。
The country is simply failing to build enough roads, ports and power stations to keep pace.	该国根本没有修建足够多的道路、港口和发电站来跟上经济的增长。
come on, Nick. We can have so much fun. 	拜托，尼克。我们会很开心的。 
So these reforms cannot be resisted forever.	所以这些改革无法永远抵制的。
If he knew you bankrolled an attack on the United States government. 	他对继承人的想法也会改变的。 
If we needed a bargaining chip, 	如果大家要这样讨价还价互相猜疑， 
HP 42U Side Panel (Graphite Metallic) 	HP 42U侧板（石墨金属漆） 
How does she know me? 	她怎么认识我？ 
I just want to get through this. Okay, come on.	我只想离开这里。好的，来吧。
He took out a gun, and he was just slaughtering them. 	他拿出了一把枪，然后就在屠杀他们。 
Probably through fighting among themselves	很可能是互相斗殴引发的
Hey, where'd you find that? 	嘿，你从哪找到的？ 
Reasonable hotel for,a very reasonable price,it is clean and comfortable,Very handy location near,two minute walk,Breakfast is included, 	性价比较高，价格合理，干净舒适，交通便利，2分钟步行，含早餐 
Are you okay? Yeah, are you? 	你没事吧？没，你呢？ 
Hey, dad, I need to talk to you. 	嗨，爸爸，我要和你谈谈。 
Now it places the lotion in the basket 	它把润肤液放在篮里 
R3i leads new research into atherogenic dyslipidemia in type 2 diabetes	型糖尿病中的动脉粥状硬化新研究。
Hey, honey. How are ya? 	嗨，宝贝。你好吗？  
Stanley washington said he was glad his13-year-old son tommy would be back among friends.	斯丹利华盛顿说他很高兴他的13岁儿子托尼将回到朋友们中间。
Sudden moves,	突然移动，
Of a celebration of the public interest in the 4400	当我们要召开一个已经
You've lost a child. 	你已经失去了一个孩子。 
You got the back door, rookie? 	新手，你去守后门？ 
I don't care about my new life here. 	我不在意这儿的新生活。 
Which of the two customers do you think would receive better attention? Mr. brown or mr. clark?	你认为这两位顾客哪一位能得到比较好的关照？布朗先生还是克莱克先生？
All I ask is that you don't leave your bathroom	我只希望我们的浴室
Because I know why I wasn't the one to call you back. 	因为我就是知道为什么我不是。 
And the sabbath, that we may set forth wheat, making the ephah small, and the shekel great, and falsifying the balances by deceit?	安息日几时过去，我们好摆开麦子，卖出用小升斗，收银用大戥子，用诡诈的天平欺哄人。
But it believes its best defence against rising costs is to go on the attack, with products and marketing that are better suited to leaner times.	但该公司相信，要应对攀升的成本，最好的防守就是进攻--采用更适合萧条时期的产品与营销手法.
Consider the following two approaches for specifying "login" functionality for a sales force automation ( sfa) software that your company is developing.	考虑用以下两种方法来详细说明你们公司正在开发的sfa（sales force automation）软件的“login”的功能性。
Well... That... That's just perfect! 	嗯……真是…真是太妙了！ 
Showing her up with the mayor? 	利用市长让她丢脸？ 
When I drove past, I see some guy	当我开车过来时，看到有人
I'm very important there. 	我在那儿太重要了。 
Only I was naked and far less embarrassed. 	不过，梦里我是裸体也没这么丢人。 
Take you where? - yeah. 	去哪里？-嗯。 
You seem to be fine. doesn't she want to eat? Call her	你看上去挺好的。她不想吃早餐吗？去叫她
That their perpetrators should never walk free again?	以至于那些罪犯们不应该再次获得自由？
No, no. I haven't seen him.	不，我没有见过他。
Late last year, ryan hutton had what he thought was a bright idea.	去年晚些时候，莱恩·赫顿想到一个他自认为极好的创意。
Where have you been? 	你到哪里了？ 
This did not mean, however, that the us's involvement in the region should be lessened.	不过，这并不意味着美国应该减少对台海事务的介入。
for the slaughter 	如同待宰的绵羊
No, I said come 90% and then I come 10%!	不，我说你做九成然后我做一成！
For you see we held great information on how to command magnetic reality as we had learned such and demonstrated such in our own spiritual mastery.	你看，我们在如何掌握磁性实相上拥有巨大的信息，因为我们已学会并在我们自己的灵性掌握中示范了这些。
I've always believed, Alexander...	我很确信，亚历山大... 
Where he can meet the girl he'll love second most. 	再遇到一个女孩子，再深深爱一次。 
Either you've got some genius plan of sleeping with the enemy, or you've lost your mind!	你要不是想着打入敌人内部，就是失心疯啦！
Necropsy the liver become visible lung area, edema, emphysema, lung are different degrees of necrosis and purulent lesions.	剖检可见肺脏肝变区、浮肿、气肿，肺内有不同程度坏死灶和化脓灶。
You need a lawyer? Baby face is over there. 	你需要律师么？娃娃脸就在那边。 
With Chile providing the model	智利就是一个样版
They're being polite.	他们是出于礼貌。
Best guy he ever worked for, and so on. 	他所一起工作过的同伙中最出色的，等等。 
He was apparently killed when gun battles began again after dawn today.	他似乎在今天破晓后的枪战中被杀。
But I'm thinking... Not all the same. 	但我觉得... 它们有区别。 
Until we as a team reach the agreed-upon gpa.	直到我们整个队伍达到要求的平均分。
Both sexes suffer from the accretion of new emotions. 	两性遭受新的情感的累积。。 
To restore confidence and to keep its credit lines open, mf global ( mf) needs to quickly raise some fresh capital by whatever means available.	为恢复市场信心并继续获得信贷支持，明富环球亟需利用一切可利用的途径迅速募集一些新鲜的资本。
He said that she was the confidante and the woman closest to kim jong-il, whose wives and mother are dead, and that she even took care of the leader when he was ill.	他说她是金正日的知心朋友也是离他最近的女人，金正日的妻子们和母亲已经去世了，她甚至在这个领导人生病的时候照顾他。
Although skiing is regarded as the prime winter sport, tobogganing and skating have an even longer history in switzerland and are widely practised.	尽管滑雪是冬季的首要运动，但平底雪橇和滑冰在瑞士的历史更久，而且范围更广。
Live rats are inserted in the sick patients' bodies 	活的老鼠被置入到病人体内 
My tribe mates are not aware that I'm gay. 	我部落同伴都没发现我是同性恋。 
Oh, man. All right. Another round?	好吧，再来一杯？
Coming with me today? 	今天想和我出去吗？ 
Hekmati is a former marine, but nuland says he never worked for the cia.	他是一名前海军陆战队队员，但努兰德表示他从没为中央情报局工作过。
But I wouldn't listen. You were just trying to follow the evidence. 	但我不肯听你只是根据证据做事。 
Financing is more widely available: tutorvista's backers include the indian arm of sequoia capital, a stalwart of silicon valley.	资金来源更加宽广：tutorvista的支持者包括硅谷的坚定拥趸sequoia capital在印度的分公司。
A criminal posing as a cop.	一个黑警。
Larrinaga steamship co. ltd. v. r.	拉瑞纳加汽船有限公司诉r案。
I thought you might choose to stay in the colony. 	我以为你会留在殖民地里。 
Talk about a bunch of losers. I know.	在说一堆的失败者。我知道。
Flies for his cousin's cargo company.	为他表哥的货运公司开飞机。
It utilizes the same payment system that valve uses to sell you ludicrously overpriced hats in team fortress 2.	它利用的是同军团要塞2（team fortress2）中交易滑稽高价帽子相同的交易系统。
So I went about creating an environment... 	但我想用最少的血... 
Leave me alone. That's it now, enough. Leave.	别管我。就这样吧，够了。走开吧。
In the penrose model of reality these ripples are not abolished by a new big bang.	按照彭罗斯的现世模型，这些涟漪不会被新的爆炸所摧毁。
Two easy explanations for his heart failure. 	心脏衰竭可以有两种简单的解释。 
don't forget it. It's during last period. 	别把它忘了。那是在最后一节课的时候。 
Elizabeth I is the last tudor monarch in the 15th century.	伊丽莎白一世界是都铎王朝的最后一位君主。
Yeah, yeah, I think, I think so.	对，对，我想我拿着呢。
Ah - a - ah	啊
Can you give a guesstimate of how much it will cost to fix my car?	你能估计出修理我的车要花多少钱吗？
Swim for 1 hour. Your mind will calm down.	再游1个小时的泳，你的脑子就会冷静下来。
Re-depositing fee should be collected by clearing participant.	转托管费由转出方结算参与人代为收取。
The worst that can actually happen to you is you'll lose your sense of self-esteem.	最坏的可能就是你会失去感觉和自尊。
Great God in heaven you know I love you... 	上天知道我有多么爱你... 
From gift bonanza? 	波南扎礼物店送来的？ 
My own feeling is that we've gone much too far 	我个人感觉在瑞典和一些斯堪的纳维亚国家就太高了 
Notes of humiliation and defeat. 	我品到了丢脸和失败的味道。 
What an interesting nickname. 	多有趣的昵称！ 
I think it's too much for you. 	我觉得你这样真累。 
Aah! My jeans 	啊！我的牛仔裤 
The large desk was heaped with papers.	大书桌上堆满了文件。
Among us merchants, only golden earring goes there.	我们那些商人里边就那个金耳环，他往里边走。
They're coming, they're coming,	他们来了，他们来了，
Those ain't our real names.	当然这不是我们的真名。
Did he just wink at you?	他刚才在对你使眼色?
A seventeen-year-old tourist died late last night of injuries sustained in yesterday's bomb blast.	一位 17 岁的游客在昨天的炸弹爆炸中受伤并于当天深夜身亡。
He denied having any money squirrelled away in foreign banks.	他否认在外国银行里有存款。
He is not, in my opinion, a security risk. Fullstop. 	在我看来，他不是个危险分子。句号。 
Back over 100 again today as those Santa ana winds continue to hang on. 	又回来我们节目了，今天热浪还在持续。 
But he needs some actual experience before he applies to culinary school.	但他申请烹饪学校之前需要实际经验。
I can't give up hope. 	我不能放弃希望。 
You was one crazy son of a bitch.	你以前很疯。
But the comic book says that you...	但连环画上说你...
Me and my sisters. 	我和我妹妹们。 
We're concerned about every American citizen. 	我们关心所有的美国公民的生命安全。 
We should have cancelled this party. 	我们应该取消这个派对的。 
Treatment predictors of a sustained virologic response in hepatitis b and c.	乙肝与丙肝患者获得持续性病毒学应答的治疗预测因子。
Only this time the unsubs ventured outside of their comfort zone. 	只是这一次不明嫌犯在安全区域之外冒险。 
Did you just get fired?	你不会被炒了吧？
She's kinda doing our job for us in a way. 	在某种程度上她倒是给我们做了不少工作。 
Worse, you admit to firing the shot that killed him.	更糟，你向他开枪杀了他。
The engine coughed and died.	引擎噗噗响了几声就熄火了。
They also substantially reduce the risk of potentially fatal cardiovascular diseases. Researchers found that people who are on their feet for short periods which add up to more than two hours a day tend to have smaller waists and lower blood pressure.	这些人患上致命的心血管疾病的概率也会小很多。研究人员发现，如果你每天多次起身且累计每天站两个小时以上的话，那么你的腰会更细，血压也会更低。
Oh, that's beautiful, amigo. 	哦，那太棒了，朋友。 
We'll have to talk later. Seems like he's having a nice run here. 	我们待会儿再聊。看起来他在这里过的很好。 
She's not worth giving a try.	她不值得我让步。
Wear comfortable shoes, which lowers stress on joints.	尽量穿舒服的鞋子，它可以减轻关节的压力。
Everything went well in New York?	你在纽约一切都好吧？
Hey, sorry to bug you again. Quick question.	嘿，不好意思又打扰你了。小问题很快的。
The injured were rushed to yala hospital.	伤者被送往也拉医院救治。
At 1:30 this afternoon, I drove to Zhongshan wharf. 	今天下午1:30，我开车去中山码头。 
Where her figure ought to be it is not! 	平的就像机场！ 
All right, listen up. This cannot be a fire-fight.	好，都听着，这不是枪战.
If your hardware is still not listed, click back, and then select a different hardware type. To see all hardware choices, click unknown hardware.	如果硬件仍未列出，请单击“上一步”，然后选定不同的硬件类型。要查看可供选择的硬件，请单击“未知硬件”。
We're thinking penthouse. 	我们琢磨着是顶层。 
They most certainly would have convicted you. 	法官肯定会判你有罪。 
You're gonna need to do a ligation.	你得把血管扎起来。
My hammies are so darn tight..	我的腿真叫一个酸啊...
You've got to stay on top of him with these things. 	你得和他注意这些事情。 
This again? I wasn't even near you. 	又提这个？我当时离你远着呢。 
The mainland's first private bank, china minsheng is only 11 years old.	大陆的第一家私人银行，中国民生银行只有11年历史。
Well, if sending Lydia over to our house 	如果你觉得把莉迪亚送到家里 
He wanted to put my socks on for me this morning.	她今天早晨想给我穿袜子。
When someone hurts you that much... 	当有人如此伤害你... 
We got to run LFTs, a hepatitis panel, 	我们得做一个肝功化验，肝炎切片， 
Although the sweet pear, but its calorie and fat content is very low, very suitable for people who love to eat sweet food again papan.	梨虽然很甜，但是它的热量和脂肪含量很低，极适合爱吃甜又怕胖的人食用。
But that assumption was a problem. 	不过，这个假设却有个问题。 
Twice a week.	一周两次。
There's a reason I asked you to come here. 	我叫你来这里是有原因的。 
Would you like a chocolate? 	想要吃颗巧克力么？ 
She's like the first girl I can have a conversation with. 	是第一个跟我聊得来的女孩。 
You know, despite everything... 	别的不说... 
Got rid of affirmative action, realizing that it was bogus? 	也取消了" 平权政策" 他们意识到这不过是一纸空文？ 
What? Time is all you have. 	什么？你最不缺的就是时间。 
And for a hundred talents of silver, he got a hundred thousand fighting-men from israel.	又用银子一百他连得，从以色列招募了十万大能的勇士。
While I play with his... New balls.	同时让我玩他的... 蛋蛋。
They even asked if we were sisters. 	有的甚至问我们是不是姐妹。 
You're not talking to one of your children. 	又不是在教育你孩子们。 
I'm buying you this. 	我给你买这个。 
Because I'm starting to get cramped here. 	我已经有点抽筋了。 
Franklin loved the navy.	富兰克林喜欢海军。
Hey, can you take me down to the lake?	你能带我去河边吗？
Article 4 nuclear exports shall follow the provisions of the relevant state laws and administrative decrees, and shall not jeopardize national security or public interests.	第四条核出口应当遵守国家有关法律、政法规的规定，不得损害国家安全或者社会公共利益。
I need to leave you now, but I want you to go straight home and stay there. 	我先要离开，我要你马上回家待着不要出门。 
Terry! Talk to me! 	泰瑞！说话！ 
But I got a hold of your mail, and I wanted - 	我拿了你的信，我想- 
I passed through a time sphincter to get here. 	我是穿过时空隧道来这儿的。 
Father look kindly on your children 	天父慈祥的看着你的孩子 
don't make me get the muzzle. Cool.	别逼我动粗。行。
How about you get us two more of those,	不如再来两杯这个吧，
You know. I would consider doing some pieces for you - 	你知道。我可以考虑给你写点东西 -
You're not just somebody. 	你可不是没名的孩儿。 
She said I had a rotten soul. 	她说我有一个腐烂的灵魂。 
Hippies. 	嬉皮士的青年人。 
Parliament shall be charged with levying just international taxes, approving cabinet, ministerial and judicial officers. Passing just constitutional legislation approving the annual budget and controlling the power of the federal purse.	议会应当负责开征正当的国际税收，批准任命内阁、各部长官和司法官员，通过正当的合宪的立法批准年度预算以及控制联邦的钱袋子。
Determination of luteolin in herba lomatogonii by hplc.	hplc法测定肋柱花中木犀草素的含量。
If this is true, it is a serious fact, and moral duty requires me to call the attention of my fellow-citizens to it.	如果这是对的，那么它是一个严重的事件，出于道德的责任，我要提醒我的同胞注意。
If you reject, you will be suspected. 	如果你拒绝，你就会被调查。 
All right, new rules! - okay.	就这样吧，咱们换一种方法！- 好的。
Now, I heard a report came in from... Mexico.	现在，听说有消息来自……墨西哥。
You'd love to have a weekend with your friends to go play golf. 	你想和朋友共渡周末打打高尔夫吗？ 
I've just made up my mind. 	我刚做了决定。 
You've cleared the psych and physical hurdles. 	你已经克服了心理和生理上的障碍。 
The coast guard says that 36 cubans died at sea in april alone.	海岸警卫队表示仅在4月份就有36名古巴人死于海上。
It's just a little storm. 	只是个小风暴。 
The transfer defuses a tense situation on the antarctic seas, but activists say they will continue to harass the japanese fleet.	这一行动缓解了南极地区的紧张局面，但是活动人士说，他们将继续骚扰日本捕鲸船队。
Tokens for 2 to get to and from the stadium. 	提供两张体育馆出入凭证。 
The wildfire team is divided over the issue.	野火行动组对这个事件有争议.
And his past, including 36 arrests ( though no convictions) in the 1980s and 1990s, had come to light.	他的过去，包括上世纪80和90年代他曾36次被拘（尽管没有判罪），也已大白于天下。
The leaders of the military, 	军队的长官， 
Please note that all the contents in the invoice are not binding on us.	发票所列内容对我公司无约束力。
But it would be hard on younger sisters 	但是妹妹们 
You're lucky to be alive, you fucking Polack. 	你活着应该觉得侥幸，你这个该死的波兰佬。 
While you were getting your package, we talked about you.	我去拿包裹的时候，我们在谈论你。
But the woman can't even cry for her own child.	但面对亲生骨肉的离世她都没哭过。
Yes, yes! I really believe you! 	是啊，是啊！我信以为真了真的！ 
No point for him. What's the score? What's the score? What's the score?	不能得分。现在的比分是多少？
I can't tell if it's daylight. 	无法辨别是否阳光。 
Yeah, real dead bodies.	对，真实的尸体。
The Pontiff celebrated mass in Mexico City.	教皇在墨西哥城主持了弥撒。
Some of them have cut dubious deals with somali warlords to fish in somali waters.	他们中的一些已经与索马里军阀终止了在索马里海域捕鱼的交易。
What the hell is a Plano duel? 	究竟什么是钢琴决斗？ 
Between us, even a touch of the hand would not occur.	我们之间，连手也不要拉一下。
Education you can get at any time, but this experience you can really only get once.	接受教育，随时可以；但是这样的体验，一生真的只有一次。
Again, you're not listening to a word I say. 	你又来了，你根本没在听我说。 
United spokesman rahsaan johnson acknowledged to the star-ledger that the situation was difficult for the flight 87 passengers.	联合发言人拉圣.约翰逊承认《明星纪事报》的报道当时87号航班的乘客的困难形势。
I know you're strong. 	你也蛮壮的。 
I guess there is another thing. 	我觉得有些可疑。 
Neighbor!	邻居！
You think Abbey would want to be kept alive no matter what? 	你认为艾比无论如何都想活下去？ 
Chairman paul skinner should expect a rough ride next month when he gives more details on project deferrals at the group's annual results.	在下月公布集团年度业绩时，力拓董事长保罗斯金纳（paul skinner）将披露更多关于项目延期的细节，届时，他应会面临艰难的局面。
And killed you.	把你杀了。
Oh. Hilarious. 	得了吧。真滑稽。 
Who were the guys in her apartment?	在她房间里的男同伙是谁？
Look, I don't...	你看，我不是想...
Because it's a fact a girl on her period is hornier. 	因为事实是女孩在月经期间性欲更旺盛。 
When we should be drawing closer to our international allies;	当我们正计划向国际同盟走的更近的时候这点尤为重要
Judging by their progress, it'll give you about 30 minutes. 	从他们进度来看，你还有30分钟时间。 
The point is to mark your turf. 	关键是圈出你的领地。 
You are an engineer seized by enemy invasion during ultramodern arms testing of the armour.	你是敌人的入侵行动中检获的测试。
And completely forgot about the common closet.	彻底忘记了那个共用的壁柜。
A unique feature is our Conservatory Restaurant with views over the tranquil water garden with its thought provoking contemporary sculptures, offering award winning menus changing frequently using locally sourced seasonal ingredients. 	一个独特的景观是我们的Conservatory餐厅能看到宁静的水上花园，还有触动心灵的当代雕刻，提供赢得赞誉的菜单，使用当地的季节性食材经常有新口味。 
For several years the chinese authorities have been trying to rein back the economy's rapid growth, mindful of the possibilities of overheating and of allowing overinvestment, with the attendant risk of fresh bad loans piling up at the commercial banks.	几年来，中国官方一直在采取措施，试图驾驭经济的快速增长，时刻警惕可能出现的经济过热和过度投资，以及随之而来的新增坏账充斥商业银行的风险。
The lack of a decent education did not defeat Rey.	缺乏良好的教育并没有挡住雷伊。
But in skating, when we land something, a jump or a trick, we're excite	在滑冰中跳跃，或做一个花样落地时，我们感觉很兴奋
Even the author's pseudonym ( his real name being eric arthur blair) became a chilling adjective: "orwellian" is applied to any characteristic display of totalitarian might.	连作者的笔名（他的真名是埃里克阿瑟布莱尔）也成为令人心寒的形容词：“奥威尔式”用来表示任何极权主义才可能特有的表现。
One night, the cattle got stampeded,	一天晚上，牛群受惊了，
And when I say brother, I don't mean a real brother.	我说的兄弟，并不指真正的兄弟。
By Basque separatists. 	所发动的恐怖袭击给杀了。 
What ecstasy takes over? My heart's in a strange bind 	什么这么入迷？我的心如此困惑 
Because I'm telling you something, what you did in Hollywood,	因为我要告诉你，你在好莱坞的表演
So just tell me what you want, okay? 	所以赶紧告诉我你到底想要什么，好吗？ 
If I have to be a barbie doll, surely some of the men will be willing to assume the white night role.	如果我是一个芭比娃娃,当然有些男人会愿意承担白夜的作用。
Acupuncture was practised in China as long ago as the third millennium BC.	中国早在公元前3，000年就已开始采用针灸疗法。
Thank you for listening to my story all this time. 	在此期间，你讲我的故事，感谢你。 
We need to practice our dance. Father.	我们还没练习跳舞呢。爸爸。
Never mind damaging me; you're damaging yourself. 	别说毁了我了；你在毁了你自己。 
Retirement plan? 	为了退休金计划？ 
But that doesn't stop you being great dancers.	但这并不能阻止你成为出色的舞蹈家。
I know you wanted this to work out, but it's beyond me now. 	我知道你们想把事情弄清楚，但现在这不在我能力之内了。 
But if you think I'm sharing this bed with you...	可如果你以为我会让你上我的床...
Stop kidding yourself, Eli. 	别自欺欺人了，伊莱。 
Deluxe rooms have pillow top, beauty rest beds, one king bed, a large desk and a chair and ottoman 	豪华客房配有加厚垫床垫、美容休息床、一张特大床、一张大办公桌和一把椅子和软椅 
Honey, your father and I, you know...	你父亲和我… 
Play it cool. We'll find some way to get rid of him.	冷静点。我们要想办法摆脱他。
don't beat yourself up. Probably just sleep - deprived.	别硬撑了。应该就是睡不好的缘故。
Many causes of cancer are environmental, largely from tobacco, excessive sun exposure and workplace hazards such as chemical solvents and fumes.	许多癌症的形成与环境有关，主要来自烟草、过度接触日光和工作场所中的危险物质，如化学溶剂和烟雾。
We split the pool in two. I search here, and you search over there.	我们把池子分成两半。我在这里找，然后你去那边找。
Well, tell him to get in line.	哦，那他得排队了。
Did you ever experience angry-nerd syndrome on set?	你有没有经验集愤怒，书呆子综合征？
Unless there is a major difference between services, it's highly unlikely that the clone will find any traction at all.	除非两个服务之间有重大区别，否则克隆品根本找不到任何吸引人的地方。
I can only help you, for they know if they harm you...	我只会帮你，因为如果他们敢伤害你...
Yet, you let my kiss fall on the hard floor	最憎你呀你错将飞吻接落地
Such announcements had accounted for up to 20 per cent of revenues.	这类公司公告曾占该报至多20%的营收。
As margaret thaler singer a university of california psychologist who interviewed julie and over 400 former members of cults observes "these routines can split the personality into a severe dissociated state and the recruits are hooked before they realize what is happening."	玛格丽特泰勒辛格是加州大学的一位心理学家，她采访过朱莉以及前邪教成员400人以上，她评论道，“这些固定程序可以把人弄得严重人格分裂，新成员们还没意识到发生了什么就已经被蛊惑了。”
Indeed, it goes further, and maintains that the face imprinted on the shroud. 	实际上，不仅如此，它还认为印在尸布上的脸。 
Many of today's younger generation find working in factories stultifying and aspire to jobs in the service sector or even to white-collar jobs.	如今年青一代中，许多人认为当工人没劲，渴望从事服务业甚至白领工作。
I'll keep a third, 	我拿三分之一， 
Using local stores and markets will also support your local community.	光顾当地的市场和商场还可以支持当地社区。
Time to step up.	咱们必须要出击了。
Dad told the idiom "two dogs strive for a bone," said: "the strong mouth clam folder later, clam said I not today, not songzui songzui tomorrow. The sun will burn you die!"	爸爸讲成语“鹬蚌相争”时，说：“蚌把强的嘴夹上以后，蚌说我今天不松嘴，明天不松嘴。太阳就会把你晒死的！”
You will catch everyone's eyes	会使你很高兴的
I know we've had our, um...	我知道我们有我们的，嗯...
You have been foolish to offend him, and you must row back sharpish.	你冒犯他是愚蠢的，你必须立刻悬崖勒马。
Burn every memory you have. 	把所有的记忆都烧掉。 
That it was an aggressive form of fungus 	是一种攻击性的真菌 
Despite his injured ankle, he nevertheless succeeded in gaining the final against germany.	尽管踝骨受伤，他仍然打入了与德国队的决赛。
What am I going to do? We're supposed to be getting married!	我该怎么办才好？我们还打算结婚的！
They can't be real. 	他们不是真人。 
Should've got her perfume, man.	哥们，你要买香水了。
With you breathing down my neck all day, 	因为你整天都缠着我， 
Your, uh, vitals are slipping. I'm not gonna lie to you. That's not good.	你的，额，生命指标在下降。我不骗你。可这不是好征兆。
Are we too noisy? 	太吵了是吗？ 
Bring him up now! 	把他弄上来！ 
You owe me an explanation how could you fail?	你得给我一个解释，你为什么会不及格？
14.50 mile(s) from Royse City 	距 Royse City 14.5 英里 
Note the large stride.	注意下大脚印。
Reaper, keep dr. Grimm here safe on her salvage op. 	利普你负责格林姆教授的安全和救援工作。 
Is he your master? 	他是你的师傅？ 
But he was helping those kids. 	但是他在帮助那些小孩。 
I think she was making one. So, that's my opinion.	我想她在宣言。那是我的想法。
Wait! Oh, Oh. I'll get in the car.	等等！我去开车。
And he wants you to stay with him, but it's not his choice. 	他想和你在一起，但不是他能决定的。 
Yeah, I'm afraid so, champ. 	是的，恐怕非走不可，有急事。 
You're wanting me to apologize for lying? 	想让我为谎言道歉？ 
Faults might ride on a cushion of steam, allowing the fault to slide at low friction and the rock heat would not reach the melting point.	断层可能就漂浮在这个蒸汽垫上，以低摩擦力滑行，岩石的热度也不会达到融化点。
So make your point quickly.	有什么事快说。
Brett... Fuck off! 	布莱特...滚开！ 
Second female in the room uses mouthwash.	在房里有另一名女性用过漱口水。
You are confident and comfortable with this song.	我真有点不敢相信。
They offer us a continuing supply of up - to - date weapons 	与南方人买的老掉牙的步枪相比 
That's it, then? Nothing else in your pockets?	就这么多，然后呢？口袋里没了？
And you three calm yourselves. Take some deep breaths. 	你们三个给我冷静下来深呼吸一下。 
Latin place, Latin photographer -  	拉丁国家，拉丁摄影师 - 
Basic radio, for Christ's sake. don't punch it. 	天啊，基本广播乐队，别敲。 
The lab called. 	实验室打来过了。 
How? By killing their king. 	什么办法？杀死他们的国王。 
Now they want to take our memories too.	现在他们还想拿走我们的记忆。
What'd you do? I can't find the right screen. 	你刚才干啥了？我找不到画面了。 
No, when I joined up,	唉，我参军的时候，
Each guest room offers a desk chair with a spacious workspace, telephone with speakerphone and voicemail, refrigerator and microwave.  Each guest room features items such as a 42-inch cable television and pay per view movies. 	每间客房有提供有一张桌椅和宽敞工作区、带有免提电话和语音信箱的电话、冰箱和微波炉。每间客房提供有一台42英寸平板有线电视，可在房间内付费观看电影。 
She stood next to the stove. 	她站在炉子旁。 
All right, just admit it... You're worried about me, worried I'm gonna get shot. 	得了，快承认吧... 你担心我，怕我会中枪。 
Vengeance so blind... 	他的报复太盲目了。 
What do you do in this house, you good - for - Nothing?	你在这个家干什么，你什么用都没有？
I participate the project has about the non-standardized electric power market auction.	我参加的项目是有关于非规范化电力市场拍卖的。
You may not leave the room until you have completed the entire exam.	你只有完成考试之后才能离开房间。
No, she used to love me.	不，她过去爱我。
We're supposed to unload them first, right?	我们得先把子弹取出来吧?
But one sector was conspicuous by its absence from the plan: government departments.	但是，有一个领域因未被列入该计划而倍加引人注目，那就是政府部门。
Did I kill him? Yes. 	我杀了他吗？没错。 
And after receiving the highest honor in her art	在她达到艺术巅峰后
I hate that word. 	我不喜欢被那样称呼。 
He's in a bad place. 	他待在了一个糟糕的地方。 
Bags of money or snacks. - fine.	一袋袋的钱或者零食。- 好吧。
He didn't answer it, but, it made him nervous. 	他没有接，但，很紧张。 
Penguins on the hill.	企鹅则在山上。
Like it's a game.	像个游戏。
But they've been brought back - 	但是他们又被带了回来 
Long visit, was it?	待了很长时间吧？
My life is over. I've been a good girl.	我的生活已经结束。我曾经是个好女孩。
What we should do is easy and simple.	我们接下来要做的很简单。
To wake you up! But you will refuse to wake up.	将你唤醒！可是你还是不想起床。
I know they're condoms. 	我知道他们是安全套。 
What happened? A missing person. 	出什么事了有人失踪了。 
I prayed that something might occur to prevent this meeting.	我祈求发生什么意外的事情把这次会面化为泡影。
Those human rights activists not forced into exile and not in detention were routinely monitored by uniformed or plainclothes police, called in to their local police stations for questioning, placed under house arrest or otherwise prevented from attending meetings with foreign diplomats, or from taking part in peaceful demonstrations.	那些未被流放及未被监禁的人权份子，则固定的遭受一般警察或便衣警察的监视，或被叫到警局里审问，或遭到软禁，另一方面也防止他们参与和他国外交人员的会议，或者是参与平静的示威。
God. A pain in me hole. 	上帝啊，我的瞳孔痛。 
Much of what happens in the big commodity-producing countries and broadly in the foreign-exchange arena will depend on a currency-market wildcard: china, whose currency has been effectively pegged to the dollar since beijing halted the gradual appreciation of the yuan in mid-2008.	大宗商品出产大国、以及整个外汇市场发生的情况，将在很大程度上取决于汇市中的一个重要不确定因素：中国。自2008年中期北京方面停止人民币的渐进升值以来，人民币在事实上一直是盯住美元。
If I am alive today, it is only because I had ADI 	如果我活到今天，这只是因为我还有阿迪 
Even after you're married.	可能还要征求爸爸的许可。
Why are you still on the line? Hey, come on. Let's go.	你怎么还接着电话啊？嘿，快点出发。
Guests can choose between two views, the main street or country. 	客人可从主街或乡村两处景中挑选一个。 
I knew that there was something familiar about you. 	我就觉得你们俩有点像。 
My real mother was killed in front of me. 	我亲生母亲就死在我面前。 
So you went after him, got your revenge. 	所以你就还击报复。 
don't get me started on my kids.	别让我由孩子开始哦。
They got their company rules, I got my mean streak.	他们有他们的规矩，我有我的办法
I will throw this immediately!	我要掷到你身上了！马上！
Feeling right at home feeling right at home  	在这个家园舒服自在在这个家园舒服自在 
No. I passed a polygraph at work.	不，我通过了测谎检验。
I told you, someone from the Ministry came along and took it. 	我和你说了，部里有人把我的电话拿走了。 
It was about freedom.	号称为自由而战。
Did you really think you could play me?	你真的以为你可以跟我玩游戏吗？
The theory that all heritable characteristics arise in the germ plasm and that acquired characteristics cannot be inherited.	魏斯曼学说认为可遗传的特征来自种质，后天的特征不能被继承的理论。
I can do both at the same time; don't worry. 	我可以一心二用的别担心。 
I will bring this money to them.	我把钱拿去还给他们。
Which is even better. 	所以更赞。 
To an art dealer looking to sell forgeries. 	卖假货的画商来说可价值连城。 
I don't trust anybody over here. Shit. 	我不信任这里的任何人。 
I'm here to enlighten you, not to judge you. 	我是在教导你，不是审判你。 
Pretty, sexy and voluptuous. 	穿低胸装长的美美的身材又正点。 
The rest of his life behind bars. Thank you. 	得在铁窗后度过余生了。谢谢。 
I feel the same about custard foods. Custard and lumpy. 	我对奶冻类的东西也这感觉又油又大块。 
You were trying to kill us! 	你想要杀死我们！ 
Of zombie confederate soldiers, and he only had one bullet.	蛇神联盟的士兵，而且他只有一颗子弹。
Or wine, if you can imagine wine being produced,	再来看葡萄酒，想象一下在巴黎附近酿造葡萄酒，
Put the gun down. don't shoot her. 	把枪放下。不要杀她。 
Hey, hey, I'm the one that called 91 1. 	嘿，嘿，是我打911的。 
Especially since we started topless karaoke Tuesdays. 	尤其是我们推出裸唱周二以后。 
However, it must be remembered	不管怎样，务必记住
P4-I - INTERIOR SIGN 	P4-I-室内标牌 
Okay, I'll come by in the morning.	好吧，早晨我就到。
Long before ralph bought the knives, he should have paid more attention to those things lisa expressed or showed an interest in.	早在雷夫买下这组牛排刀前，就应多留意一下丽莎曾表示过中意的东西。
All right, come on out front.	好的，到前门这来。
If she fucks up, you fuck up, 	她要是搞砸了，你也完蛋， 
And it offers us a glimpse of what might be our future. 	它让我们一瞥我们未来可能的模样。 
Sue was a boarder at Benenden.	休是博耐顿中学的住校生。
Teaching street kids they could use their hands to build. 	教那些街头小混混明白可以用自己的双手自食其力。 
The mortgage guarantee insurance may prevent the subprime mortgage crisis, dispel the loan risk of banks, avoid losing house of loanee and promote the business of insurance companies.	保证保险能够防范次级房贷危机、化解银行贷款风险，避免按揭贷款买受人因意外事故引起的以房抵债、被迫搬迁等风险，增加保险公司业务量。
So your secret is safe with me. 	所以你可以放心我。 
We’re moving so fast, they should have actually flown off the galaxy...	移动非常之快，它们应该要飞出星系了。
I don't even own hoop earrings.	我根本就没有圆环型耳环。
I'm a hard man. 	我是个冷酷的男人。 
And if you yell at me like that again... 	如果你再那么对我吼的话... 
He wouldn't let the doctor examine his ears 	他不肯让医生检查他的耳朵 
Since october, most parts of central and eastern china, the country's major winter wheat-growing zones, have been without significant precipitation.	10月份以来，中国的中部和东部大部分地区，全国主要的冬季小麦种植区，已没有明显的降水。
Of course. Mi - Sook is a world-class handball player. 	当然了，美淑是世界级的手球选手。 
Yes, some banana on the rice cake, 	在米糕上放一些香蕉， 
I hope that you aren't going to flake out.	我希望你不要打瞌睡。
So maybe later, but thank you. 	所以可能过一会儿，但十分感谢。 
Phoebe: uh-oh. It's scary scientist man.	菲比：呃，一个制造慌乱的科学人。
Based on the basic state pension scheme, the original type of old-age pension provision in britain, the british pension system has developed into a multi-typed and multi-tiered pension system, together with some other social assistance.	最初建立在国家养老金这个单一养老保障基础上的英国养老金制度现在已经发展成为一种相当完善的多形式、多层次的养老金制度，并辅以其它一些社会救助措施。
Gregers knew it. Tallak smiled, when he knappede his shirt up. 	乔治知道的。托克微微一笑，当她穿上他的衬衣。 
That we will take with us after the show.	在演出后的情况。
Save a girl with an inoperable tumor? 	医治好无法动手术的肿瘤？ 
It's just a story I like to tell, detective.	刚才不过是随口说个故事探长。
But I thought it best not to involve third parties. 	但我想最好还是别麻烦别人了。 
Do you miss me? It's like missing a train 	你想我么？就像错过了火车 
Lunch - Special Terroir lunch with 4 dishes and an AOC wine bottle 	午餐-特别风味午餐带4个菜肴和一个AOC葡萄酒瓶 
Ticket? - Oh, I'm not flying. 	票？我不上飞机。 
Then are you the next. I go last. 	下一个是你。我最后离开。 
Morgan, who spent a great part of his life among the iroquois indians--settled to this day in new york state--and was adopted into one of their tribes, found in use among them a system of consanguinity which was in contradiction to their actual family relationships.	摩尔根一生的大部分，是在易洛魁人中间度过的，这种易洛魁人现在还居住在纽约州；他并且被一个易洛魁人部落接纳入族。他发现，易洛魁人奉行着一种同他们的实际的家庭关系相矛盾的亲属制度。
Naturally occurring fluorescence emitted and captured using powerful underwater strobes and special barrier filters that only allow specific wavelengths of light.	这种自然产生的荧光现象，是由功能强大的水下频闪灯以及只允许特定波长的光通过的特殊屏障滤光打光并捕获入镜的。
I guess the boat ride over. Is everything okay? 	我就没见过他了一切都好吧？ 
Could not hear me yelling? Car's hotter than hell.	你听不到我喊吗？车里热死了。
Cut the playacting.	少玩这种把戏。
So I was just hoping I could use your phone.	我只想借用一下你的手机。
Conrad blucher institute for surveying and science.	康拉德布卢彻测量及科学研究所。
A few top quality guys like yourself	像你这样的不错的人
It was your idea. You insisted.	你的主意。是你坚持要办的。
Fred and Isold are legally married.	弗雷德和伊索德是合法婚姻。
Goodbye, you little pumpkins.	再见了，小宝贝。
Listen, Lana, it took me a long time to adjust.	听着，拉娜，我花了很长时间才适应。
Surely, you can't be serious. I am serious, and don't call me Shirley. 	真的，你说笑吧。我是认真的，请别推辞。 
Please give me your jacket and I'll dry it off for you while you're taking to mr. otake.	请把您的夹克给我，您和大岳先生谈话时，我来替您弄干。
He'll say anything now. 	他现在说什么都行了。 
He better get on the phone with me. 	他最好给我打个电话。 
You'll be staying a while longer. 	因为你会再呆上一段时间。 
Who is it? It's me. Hurry up. It's freezing. 	是谁？是我。快点。我要冻僵了。 
But not to see us.	但不是来看我们。
Our spacious double queen rooms provide you with more than enough space to move about the room and enjoy yourself! 	酒店宽敞的双人大床房提供有足够空间供您活动，玩乐！ 
Don't piss in someone else's pond.	不能在别人的地盘上撒野。
All along from the beginning I knew he was going to be a threat. 	从一开始就有我就知道他威胁不小。 
What you got, tough guy?	你的是什么，硬汉？
The conversations of those opposed to the government. 	反政府的言论。 
I thought you said this was simple.	你们不是说很简单吗。
But the journey of reform is just beginning and many of the biggest challenges are economic.	然而，变革之路才刚刚启程许多最为严峻的挑战，都来自经济方面。
Ted! Hey, man! 	泰德！你好啊，伙计！ 
You hear nothing, see nothing and know nothing! 	你什么也没听见，什么也不看见而且什么也不知道！ 
Because of same ear lobed character.	因为有同一耳垂性状。
Listen, lunch break's in 45.	听着，45分钟后的午休时间。
No blame attaches to you in this affair.	这件事不怪你。
I want claws, 	我觉得可能还没人伸出爪子， 
The way his fangs kind of hang out? 	尖牙会露出来？ 
And I'm stronger than she is. 	我比她更强烈。 
Incoming leaders in china prefer to stress continuity rather than change, and mr xi will be no exception.	中国的接班领导人一向强调连续性，而不是改变，习总也不会例外。
I know you like her. 	我知道你喜欢她的。 
Hi, Louis. 	嗨，路易斯。 
She's also got a bad elbow dislocation	她的肘部也严重脱臼
And we have them. 	但是我们有这个。 
For generations of americans who grew up exhorted to drink their milk to maintain strong bones, the reports raised troubling questions: is calcium not so important after all?	对从小就被劝说要多喝牛奶以维持强健骨骼的几代美国人来说，这些报告引发了一些麻烦的问题：钙是不是其实并不太重要？
I did find this glow stick near the body. 	我在尸体旁找到了荧光棒。 
Because you're telling the truth.	因为你说的是实话。
I thought we might go for a walk.	我想我们应该去散步。
They rely on bureaucratic machinery that is now so politicised and corrupt that it is scarcely capable of delivering basic services at the best of times.	他们所依赖的官僚机器如今已太过的体制化和腐化，而在最需要的时候却几乎无力向人民提供基本的服务。
Barry began to cry loudly, attracting ann's attention.	巴里开始嚎啕大哭，试图吸引安的注意。
Do you have any idea how many people he killed?	你知不知道他害死了多少人啊？
His face creased with worry.	他的脸因担心而起了皱纹。
Hmm. How fluent is her French? 	嗯。她法语说得好吗？ 
I'll call you back. All we want to know about is Manchester.	我再打给你。我们想知道的是曼彻斯特。
He doesn't seem as curious about me, but that's all right,	他看起来队我不好奇，但这也正常。
Of course, all hell will break loose, 	当然，会一蹶不振， 
Why? - nothing.	为啥？- 没什么。
Did something happen in lark rise to upset you? 	是不是在雀起乡出什么事了？ 
But I can't wait till my session, 	但我已经等不及了， 
we actually just kind of lie there making fun of you for hours.	我们就躺在那拿你取笑开心好几个小时。
It can be worse... 	如果你失控会变得更糟。 
It's crazy how many hipsters	我真心激动啊贴出新广告后
In prosecuting this man, mr. kellerman.	转移到起诉这个人凯勒曼先生。
Enough to believe that my first love will come...	相信我的初恋…
I felt his presence all along.	我认为它自始至终的存在。
But... Your life is changing. 	但是... 你的生活正在改变。 
The teacher is correcting the paper with a new pen.	这位教员正用一收旧笔批改论白。
It also runs allrecipes.com, a popular website.	运营allrecipes.com这样流行的网站也在其经营范畴。
I think I was first No	我先拦到车的不
He's a financial advisor. 	他是财政顾问。 
A mysterious protoplasmic substance streaming out of the body of mediums.	一种神秘的原生性物质从灵媒的身体里涌出。
What the hell does it sound like, man? 	你觉得是他妈什么意思？ 
How's my hat? Very pretty.	戴上帽子如何？非常漂亮。
We had a dummy head of Jesse's face...	我们有杰西脸部的一个模拟头。。。
Detective, a word. 	侦探借一步说话。 
* Surprisingly, the most "liked," commented on, and shared facebook page ever does not belong to justin bieber but actually to the jesus daily, an inspirational page with 8.2 million fans who did 3.4 million interactions last week.	*令人大跌眼镜的是，最“受欢迎”、网友留言最多、被转发次数最多的Facebook个人主页居然不属于贾斯汀•比伯，而是《基督教日报》（Jesus Daily），其Facebook主页有820万名粉丝，上周的互动高达340万次之多。
Yes, I'm the big poo bah, the big cheese, the go - to guy. 	是的，我是大人物，是最重要的人物。 
What particularly troubles me about ms partan's article is the statement that "we need to stop blaming poverty, parents or the home environment for the difficulty a child has in learning."	帕坦女士的文章中最困扰我的是那句“我们不应再因孩子在学习中发生的困难而谴责贫困、父母和生活环境。”
His acceptation of a warm welcome is a sullen` very well, come in then`.	他对于热烈欢迎的已接收的词义是一句绷着脸说出的话"行吧，那么进来"。
For''school," "fool," a babbling rhyme.	“学校” 和“ 笨蛋” 是轻音。
Until it resumes contact, we're stuck on...	在它再次联系我们之前，我们得···
When you're playing with a Swami. All right, guys,	少了很多乐趣。好了，大伙，
And I'm gonna help you get the person responsible.	我帮你抓到相关责任人
A Utah sheriff named Willis has shot three people	一位叫威利斯的犹他警长射死了3个人
So you want me to play up the blindness? 	所以你希望我利用自己的优势？ 
No. He didn't miss.	不，他没射偏。
Hey. Hey, is that rapture? I had... 	喂。喂，你是不是太兴奋了？我…  
And it changed your life. 	它改变你的生活。 
Yet the book is less polemic than it is a genuinely empathetic characterization of animals.	然而，这本书辩论的成分还是少于真诚地感同身受刻画动物。
Oh, yeah. That's it. Maybe she added seven years of interest.	是啊，也许还加上了七年的利息。
I'll probably end up drinking beer with dinner. Sorry. 	我也许得用啤酒来佐餐了。很抱歉。 
But why leave mid - semester?	但为什么要在学期中段离开呢？
Oh, my God, I don't even know what to... 	天哪，我都不知道该... 
Hey, hey, guys, she's coming. 	嘿，嘿，伙计们，她来了。 
And I will make thy tongue cleave to the roof of thy mouth, that thou shalt be dumb, and shalt not be to them a reprover: for they a rebellious house.	我必使你的舌头贴住上膛，以致你哑口，不能作责备他们的人；他们原是悖逆之家。
Yes, I want you to come home, mommy. 	是的，我想让你回家，妈妈咪。 
Yeah, go ahead, do it.	好，继续，去做吧。
Look for my acceleration point 	找到我的加速点 
You come back with Miguel and my bag of guns, 	你带着小米盖尔和那袋枪回来， 
Just for the record, you left me. 	只是为了演出，你就离开了我。 
Whether it is any party. Yes sir. 	有这个党的吗。有的长官。 
That I had a chance to get my kids back. 	我能把孩子要回来的。 
I know that you need it, and I know where it is. 	我知道你需要它，我也知道它在哪里。 
I mean, I'm telling you what guys think, and if you want to be one of the guys, 	我是在告诉你男人的想法，要是真想融入其中， 
One breakfast voucher up to 4 people-voucher for a hot breakfast in Minervas Restaurant(on Site) 	一张早餐折扣券，可供多达4人在密涅瓦餐馆享用热气腾腾的早餐。 
Bottom of the barrel.	我只是个垫底的角色。
I am. All right, pull up.	我是。好的，停下。
Let's just pray we don't run into any dead ends, 	上帝保佑，千万不要冲进死路， 
Eventually he'll just go away.	最后他就会走的。
You're gonna proceed out the East exit. 	从东门出去然后继续。 
Jock... Jock. 	乔克…乔克。 
Give me your handit's cold 	把你手给我，都冻坏了 
These are things fast-food firms have learnt to cope with and to deflect.	这些都是快餐业已经学会面对并试图避开的一些事情。
I feel sorry for you, dad. 	我为你感到悲哀，爸爸。 
Yep. He's waiting for you in interrogation. No, I don't know you... 	对。他在审讯室等你没有我不认识你... 
Pre - '70s... Vintage. 	七十年代前的古董车。 
Even the best cosmetics can only be a temporary solution, but probably you heat large or for other reasons.	再好的化妆品只能治标不治本的，可能是你内热大或别的原因。
And then he answered my ad for a roommate a few months ago, and everything changed. 	几个月前他回复了我征求室友的广告，那之后一切就都改变了。 
Publicizes the automobile culture, promotes che you to savor.	宣扬汽车文化，提升车友品味。
You know more about the Lord and his good book than about men. 	你对勋爵知道得更多以及他的比大约人好书。 
A very good morning to you.	在清晨向您问好。
Goes up there all the time. 	他常去那儿。 
Keeps me busy during the slow times. 	在难熬的时候让自己忙起来。 
I think that between a good meal and telling a story...	显然一顿好饭比一个故事…
Invitingly green angel island, once a military installation, contains meandering trails and picnic spots ideal for a day's excursion.	迷人的天使岛郁郁葱葱,小径蜿蜒,是一日游的理想野餐场所.
You... Your brother moves quick. 	你兄弟进展神速啊 
Part of the problem is that mr pi era has proved to be an inept politician-a view not confined to the opposition.	部分问题反映出皮涅拉是个笨拙的政治家不仅限于对手。
no. We found signs of forced entry.	不是发现有强行进入的痕迹
I dealt with them according to their uncleanness and their offenses, and I hid my face from them.	我是照他们的污秽和罪过待他们。并且我掩面不顾他们。
You're not gonna give me that	你不是要说
Your grandmother's really sweet. 	你奶奶人真好。 
I bet you I get you a veterinarian who's cheaper. 	我求你去看兽医吧会便宜点。 
We're all tied up on that project. 	我们全部都要铺在那个项目上。 
Yes, but it was stamped. And when you stamp metal, you weaken it. 	是的，但被冲压过了。金属一旦被冲压，就看不清了。 
The machine has caused us nothing but trouble; let's get a new one and have done with it.	这台机器尽给我们添麻烦；让我们买一台新的，把这台给甩了。
We're a quiet hotel in a busy downtown area, which is a rare combination that lets you enjoy the best of sunny California. 	在繁忙的市区，我们是一家安静的酒店，一个罕见的组合体，能使您享受阳光明媚的加州最美好的景色。 
The most common cause of cardiac arrest is a blockage of an artery-a heart attack. Less common causes include drug abuse and overdoses of some prescription medications. Jackson's plastic surgeries almost certainly had nothing to do with his death.	造成心脏骤停最常见的原因是动脉阻塞一种心肌梗塞，较不常见的原因包括滥用药物以及过量服用一些处方药.因此几乎可以肯定，迈克尔杰克逊的过世与他做整形手术没有任何关系.
But I can't just walk away from my whole life. 	但是我不能悠悠闲闲地渡过我的一生。 
Unfortunately, yes. Is there anything we can do to help?	很不幸，是的我们帮得上什么忙吗？
Yeah, I, okay... I - I know, I know.	对，好吧... 我知道。
Because the guys we're late. I have no wrong.	我们迟到是因为这些。我没错。
Why don't you take attorney park for me?	你何不帮我把朴检查官给解决了呢？
You can't. It's a free country!	你不能去。这是个自由的国家！
I'll got to get back to the office. 	我要回办公室了。 
Everyone gets laid sooner or later.	或早或晚，每个人都能把到妹。
You know, that - that future you want wouldn't be possible and... 	你想要的未来也根本是海市蜃楼。 
I'm going to ram this down your gobby throat. 	我就把这个塞进你喉咙。 
Interoperability and support for dynamic and heterogenous environments.	互操作与动态异构系统支持。
No. There's a definite equivalence. 	不，这两者大有不同 
How would it make you feel if he did? 	如果他这么做了，你会有什么感觉？ 
The effect of artificial saliva and chinese traditional medicine on prevention and treatment of radioactive xerostomia.	人工唾液和中药防治放射性口干的疗效观察。
Or for that matter how do we get back to earth?	或者我们怎么回地球？
Then let one of them do it.	好吧让他们中的一个去做吧。
Please, give me a piece of the next weed shipment. 	拜托了，给我分点货。 
I have no idea what's happening right now.	我不知道现在什么状况。
Signed by circuit court judge Henry alien laudermilk of Austin Texas, 	德州奥斯汀的法官亨利·阿伦·劳德米克签署的， 
You can see the future. What are my chances?	你能看到未来。我有多少胜算？
Much as water in a bathtub is not a problem until it starts to overflow, pollen for many is not an irritant until it crosses a particular threshold, he said.	浴缸里的水溢出之前不会带来大问题，大量的花粉超过一定限度后就会成为刺激物了，他说。
Hey! Pull your head out of your ass and use your mirror! 	嘿！倒车时给我睁大你的狗眼看着观后镜！ 
Shanghai orient intergroup international transportation co., ltd. qingdao branch.	上海东方威球国际货运有限公司青岛分公司。
He says "at nuremberg our civilisation designed a vehicle to anathemise men imbued with evil".	他说在纽伦堡文明是诅咒满腹罪恶之人的工具。
Right. It is time. Goodbye.	对。时候不早了。再见。
I saw two movies yesterday.	昨天我看了两场电影。
We really loved the scenes that we filmed in the Baker street studio.	我们超爱贝克街布景下拍的那些镜头。
What are you talking about? This guy was here first. 	你说什么啊？这个人先到这里的。 
Well, you don't imagine I ride sidesaddle, do you? 	你很难想象我骑在车座上吗？ 
So, what do you think of the crew? 	你认为你的队友怎样？ 
I'm not some old man! Nor a wounded prisoner!	我不是老人，也不是受伤的囚犯！
We were a family once.	我们曾经是一家人。
He sent you this?	他送你这个？
can't I go home with you? 	我可以跟你回家吗？ 
The only way we're protecting rhinos effectively 	因为我们唯一能有效地保护犀牛的方法 
Axes, pickaxes and spades.! 	斧子、镐头和铁锹。 
No! I'm the same as I was before. Better.	不！我还和从前一样甚至更好。
Cal! The boat! 	卡！上船 
This has also transferred massive liabilities from the private sector to greek and european taxpayers and contaminated previously healthy institutions such as the european central bank.	这种方式还把私营领域的大笔债务转移到了希腊和欧洲纳税人的身上，并且使如欧洲央行这类此前健康的机构也受到了污染。
Article 3 operating units of entertainment venues shall follow thedirection of serving the people and the cause of socialism, and carry outcivilized and sound entertainment activities.	第三条娱乐场所经营单位应当坚持为人民服务、为社会主义服务的方向，开展文明、健康的娱乐活动。
Literature and art are the son begot by age the mother.	“文艺是时代妈妈的儿子”。
Well, I UN - banish you.	好吧，我不驱逐你。
That's hermah! I CAH tell it's him 	他是阿雄！我认得他 
I double - checked the results.	我又复查了结果。
Fanny!	小枫！
You know I ain't gonna let you go over there. Let's go. 	你知道我不会让你去的。走吧。 
don't ever talk about my mother. 	别再提我妈。 
Once you have reached Bad Reichenhall follow the signs for Interstate B21. 	到了巴德赖兴哈尔之后沿着州际公路B21的标志行驶。 
I'm switchblade. 	我是小刀。 
If the woman has pms, all rules are null and void.	如果女人患经前症候群,所有的规则得无效作废。
The aggregate sum of operation funds allocated to the branches must not exceed 60% of the total capital of the headquarters of a commercial bank.	拨付各分支机构营运资金额的总和，不得超过总行资本金总额的百分之六十。
Wow. Thought you weren't gonna judge. 	啊。我以为你不会多加评论呢。 
Excuse me.do you speak english?	打扰一下你会说英语吗？
Criteria and application of case-filing, convicting and sentencing on criminal.	立案定罪量刑标准与适用。
Because politicians hate to be seen to close hospitals.	因为政客们害怕去看到医院关闭。
I just don't think he's the bloodthirsty asshole 	不过，我不认为他是个嗜杀的混账 
Why don't we go outside and discuss it over a smoke? 	为什么我们不边抽烟边讨论这个计划？ 
He's a genius. Listen to this. 	他是个天才。听听这个。 
Just a sec. It's for you.	就一会。找你的。
All signs pointed to the goat. 	所有的证据都指向了山羊。 
The ancient egyptians knew how to preserve dead bodies from decay.	古埃及人懂得如何保存尸体不腐烂。
He is for sure laughing at how sappy you sound. 	他一定会笑你的痴情。 
I get to be in charge of all musical education. 	我要负责所有的音乐教育工作。 
Scientific management, exact manufacture, sincere cooperation, development together.	科学管理精工细作真诚合作共同发展。
What, you're booked Friday three weeks from now? 	从现在起3个礼拜的周五你都有安排了？ 
He said it happened trying to pull off the cloak that killed my father.	他说他想帮我父王把长袍脱掉。
You do look green around the gills.	你真会讨女孩子欢心。
And thousands of tons of concrete and crushed quartz. 	几千吨的溷凝土和石英砂构成。 
And I like to think that in some small way,	在我心里认为用这种方式，
don't worry. I don't keep track of the time. 	别担心。我不会限定时间。 
Yeah, yeah, go find an access point 	是啊，是啊，去找个入口 
I know. I got a letter from rego. 	我知道，我收到了瑞古的来信。 
Drivers heading in this direction are strongly advised.	建议正在这条路线上的司机。
if you have any questions about...  	如果你有任何疑问是关于...  
A gift from an old friend.	一位老朋友送您的礼物。
You know, the I don't know, the '60s Berkeley of Palestine.	你知道，加利利就象是60年代美国造反时期的伯克利。
Shh. Go ahead. Take those bananas. 	嘘。走吧。拿着香蕉。 
Move forward, take Joey home.	快走，带乔伊回家。
But I think we should seriously consider doing an armored car. 	但我觉得我们认真考虑一下去抢运钞车。 
There's a lot of work to do before we get to that.	在此之前我们还有许多工作要作。
It's like trying to find a Guido in a haystack.	似乎应该到干草堆里去找意大利佬。
We run it together, though. 	但是我们一起经营。 
Under my tutelage, you have become a cheerleader,	在我的指导下，你已经加入了拉拉队，
Why don't I give you some literature to look over 	我给你些资料做参考 
How do you plead? Not guilty, your honor. 	你如何辩护？无罪，大人。 
Okay, here we go. All right. 	好了，来了。好。 
Graph-theoretic domination and related problems with applications.	图论支配相关问题与其应用。
I know where you came from, mate, 	我知道你从哪儿来，伙计， 
I feel that love is dead 	我想爱情已逝亡
The war is not meant to be won. It is meant to be continuous. 	我们并不可能赢得战争。它只可能持续下去。 
You know what? She better stop that.	你知道么？她最好停止她的所作所为。
Well, when I board a plane, making my way back to the cheap seats, 	好，我登机后，走到后面便宜的座位， 
I think a magician might call this something else, you know, sleight of hand, misdirection.	我想一个变戏法的人可能会称之为别的，比如说花招，误导。
And so I took all those countries and developed the look.	因此，我融入了这些国家的元素，设计了外观。
I mean, I paid for it. It'd be disrespectful not to masturbate. 	我的意思是，我所做的一切都是朝着这个目标前进的。 
I know. But it is! 	我知道。但实际上就是啊！ 
We ought to leave tomorrow.	我们明天就应该出发。
And he expected us to keep his secret.	他要求我们为他保守秘密。
You rig my sub?	我的潜艇装好了吗？
She's been posting	她老是上传一些
Now I've missed my bus and I know that I'm late 	我错过了巴士因为我迟到了 
The innkeeper paused for a moment and then asked: "so, what do you think, doctor?"	客栈老板暂停了片刻，继续问道：“那么，博士，你是怎么想的？”
That he thinks everything you like is stupid.	他认为你喜欢的所有东西都很蠢。
Well, well, that's an interesting offer. How much does it pay? Nothing. 	嗯，嗯，有点意思。薪水多少？没薪水。 
I won't say it hasn't happened, but what I have seen, 	我不想说没有，但就我看到的， 
Ah. Yeah. Can I come see Paul in the play?	对。我能去看保罗演戏吗？
I killed the neighbor's dog. 	我杀了邻居家的狗。 
I'll also need all your jewelry... 	我也要拿走你们的首饰...... 
And it ain't over.	但这事没完。
That it killed me you never came looking for me even once I was locked up? 	想听我进了监狱你都没来找我对我是致命的伤害？ 
Xi chengfan. On the red weathering crusts of southern china.	朱显谟.中国南方的红土与红色风化壳。
Sweetie, you look beautiful. Yeah, if you're into that tall, blonde, supermodel thing. 	宝贝，你好漂亮。你要穿着那身超模的行头，也会很美的。 
It have problem too - 	但是也存在着很多问题 
I'm sure that's a yellow - legged claphanger up that tree. Look there. 	我敢肯定那树上是只黄脚的鸟。看这儿。 
As one of those hairless cats, you know,	一只无毛猫，你知道吗，
Wait. They Haven't told you, have they?	等等。他们还没告诉你，是吗？
One of the nurses told me that your hands were shaking.	一名护士告诉我你的手当时在颤抖。
I couldn't wait for my parents to go to sleep. 	我都等不及我父母先睡下了。 
It was the case of two very, very good soldiers 	两个顶尖狙击手在不断试图 
Psychologically equipped to catch mice.	在心理上准备好去抓老鼠。
There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate.	关于沉积物的流动率有三种主要理论。
Yeah, we can go to Frontierland.	对，我们可以去迪斯尼的边境地带。
For this position, I can recommend mr. bao bingfu who has applied to your department. In terms of scholastic capacity and work ability, he is in no way inferior to me.	对于这个职位，我想推荐鲍炳富先生，他也申请到贵系读书。其学业上的能力和工作能力绝不比我逊色。
don't lose this opportunity. You too have the opportunity... 	别失去这个机会。你同样也有这个机会.... 
I know that crazy man brought you here. 	我知道那个疯子带你上这儿来了。 
This week mr obama boasted that he had fulfilled his mandate by raising taxes on the rich.	本周奥巴马大吹大擂他通过增加富人的税收履行了自己的使命。
There's some fucking low life stole two of them already.	已经有个贱人偷了两台了。
You don't have to care about that.	他说什么也可以。
A sheet was brought from the inn and the body was carried away.	人们从客店拿来一条席子把尸体一裹带走了。
So which one is it, hmm? The sheriff or the king? 	为了谁？治安官还是国王？ 
So if I want to live in a nice apartment 	所以住舒适的公寓 
We're gonna need more cement.	我们需要更多的混凝土。
Well, I'm not young anymore. 	但我现在不小了。 
His glory shall be ours, for we are the only love - gods.	他的荣誉将属于我们，因为我们才是真正的爱神
I think alien may be of great value to you!	我想艾伦可能对你有价值！
I got it. - are you sure?	我帮你拿。-你确定？
A brave man makes destiny with what he's got. 	勇敢的人用他拥有的东西来创造命运。 
So, what do you think of the judgment handed down in mandeia's trial? 	所以，你对曼德拉的判决有什么想法？ 
It's an honor to meet you. I'm a fan. 	很荣幸能见到你我是你的乐迷。 
And if there was any justice, you'd have gotten worse.	如有公义，你应有更大惩罚。
I Haven't been allowed around knives for a while.	我有阵子没有被允许拿刀了。
Because I promised mama.	因为我答应了妈妈。
I need a ride. Can you give me a ride? 	我要搭便车。能载我吗？ 
Just stand right over here. She'll be out in a minute. 	在这等会儿。她马上出来。 
Your mama probably refused you her tit when you were a baby.	你的老妈可能在你还是婴儿的时候，没让你吃她的奶子。
Frame or entrap citizens at will, manipulate judicial trials, lock up citizens on unjust charges, at the same time arbitrarily send citizens to labor reform or into psychiatric hospitals.	任意罗织罪名、构陷公民，操纵司法审判，把公民投入冤狱，同时也可任意送公民去劳教或进精神病院。
Although the missile has already been lowered into its underground casing...	尽管导弹已经进入地下了。。。
big star, big star 	巨星，巨星
I can probably get you in if you don't mind serving drinks. 	你要是不介意侍酒我应该可以把你弄进去。 
Article 22 where the interested parties or the government of the interested country ( region) considers that the divulgence of the materials provided by them will cause seriously bad effects, it may apply to the investigation organ for treating the materials as confidential materials.	第二十二条利害关系方、利害关系国（地区）政府认为其提供的资料泄露后将产生严重不利影响的，可以向调查机关申请对该资料按保密资料处理。
Somebody order a pizza? Oh, that's me!	有人定比萨饼了吗？哦，是我。
Can you pop by the house and bring me some clothes?	你能回家给我带些衣服吗？
But, Kramer... No, no, no! 	但是克莱默…不不不！ 
Earmy and me, we... 	厄尔利和我… 
The kids amused themselves playing hide-and-seek.	孩子们玩捉迷藏，自娱自乐。
Yeah. Yeah but she's fine now. Everything's fine now. 	是的。是的，但是她现在很好。一切都很好。 
We would ask the court toseal the pretrial filings and avoid a show trial. 	我提议法院封存预审档案并避免公开正审。 
But I think I could go to bed with you. 	不过，我想我可以和你一起睡。 
Well, I tried to clean... 	嗯，我洗过…… 
We've got to find Andy. We'll find him.	咱们一定要找到安迪。我们会找到的。
You'd control yourself! 	你别动不动便打人嘛！ 
Drowning my sorrows in a good workout.	好好锻炼祛除悲伤。
His heart broken, scribbling furiously 	他的心碎了疯狂地在纸上涂鸦 
Looks like the driver of this rig lost control and jumped the median. 	像是司机失控再撞向隔离带。 
I'm going to have to get you a - a glass.	我去给你拿一个玻璃被。
There have been a lot of rumors floating around lately	最近一段时间，谣言四起
Yeah, look closer.	看仔细些。
That's why I stopped - 	所以我才愣住了- 
Good night. - good night, mom.	晚安。- 妈，晚安。
Being hypnotized by daytime TV for the rest of your life.	余生中为日间电视所痴迷。
My hot, hot, naked boyfriend, and I... 	我那性感，火辣的，裸体男友，而我... 
However, would an owner be able to recognize an animal if its appearance has also changed?	但如果连动物的外观模样都变了，饲主还能认的出来吗？
Early saturday a warplane belonging to rebel forces was shot down over benghazi, crashing in a ball of smoke and flames.	星期六早上一战机属于叛军班加西上空被击落，在烟雾和火焰球崩溃。
Do you want a divorce? 	你想和我离婚吗？ 
Now I can't shut up. 	我没法不说话。 
And no, I'm not free for dinner. 	另外不我没空跟你共进晚餐。 
I'm glad we found out this stuff now, not later.	我很高兴我们现在就发现了，不是以后。
I faced it all and I stood tall.	我面对那一切,挺起腰高高站直。
I don't know, but why do I think	我不知道，但是你为什么会
Election authorities said 54.3% of eligible voters participated in wednesday's election.	选举组织机构说，有54.3%的合格选民参加了周三的投票。
Okay? That's a scam.	明白了吗？那简直是敲诈。
But I think we make ery expensie decisions.	但我想我们会做出很昂贵的决定。
Easy Tom. 	别着急汤姆。 
About eight years ago agus started another company called applied proteomics.	大约8年前，阿古斯创办了另一家公司，名叫Applied Proteomics。
My God, what have I done? 	上帝啊，我做了什么？ 
The bereaved, the dying, they would come to him. 	丧亲之人和将死之人都会去找他。 
Elizabeth. Elizabeth!	伊丽莎白伊丽莎白！
Which is what I've done over the years.	几年来一直都这样解决的。
Eventually these devices were networked first locally ( via office networks) and then globally ( via the internet).	最终，这些设备遭逢网络化，首先在本地（通过办公室局域网），然后在全球范围（通过互联网）。
Place it for me. Do it yourself.	替我押注。你自己去押。
I know that part, Amy, hence the question. 	我知道那个部分，这就是问题的关键。 
That's why you were here on Sunday 	所以我能在星期天见到你 
To the rules of my made - up language.	我新编语言的规则。
You were on my side, so I had to sleep on your side.	你睡在了我那边，所以我只好睡在你这边。
He loves carrot sticks. Thank you so much. 	他喜欢胡萝卜饼干。非常感谢。 
You just can't go around changing everything	你不能老是这么到处改来改去的
To screw things up 	因为他们会坏事 
Celie: "he beat me when you ain't here. He beat me for not being you."	西丽：“在你不这里的时候他打我。因为我不是你。”
Hey, if you're really curious, 	你们要是感兴趣， 
Hurstwood was now hot and waked up.	这时的赫斯渥又气恼又激动。
And a bunch more people I've known ain't among us anymore. 	很多从前认识的人不再属于这个世界。 
Then she stopped returning my calls, then she changed her number,	忽然之间她拒接电话，换了号码，
How do we say it's a pack of lies?	可这怎么能叫谎话连篇呢？
I just realized that what's making me unhappy in l. A. Isn't l. A.	我发现让我在洛杉矶不开心的，不是洛杉矶本身。
I want to see that fight... 	我好想看呢…… 
Birch: to whip with or as if with a birch.	桦条，作鞭打用：用或似用桦条鞭打。
She met him during our sessions together. 	她就是在婚介公司认识的他。 
You know, you gotta go on with your life.	你的生活还得继续下去。
I hung the tapestry my mother did in the hall.	我把我母亲织的花毯挂在大厅里。
What's the occasion? 	上好银器？ 
Nikos, guys, the joint's closed. That's what they said.	尼科斯,伙计们,他们说这里已经关门了。
I think we know where the car was last night.	我想我们知道这车昨晚在哪了。
David weinstein, professor of japanese economy at columbia university in new york, says the elderly would rather give money to their children than pay it in taxes.	一位来自纽约哥伦比亚大学研究日本经济的教授大卫.韦斯坦称，老年人宁愿把钱留给他们的孩子而不是拿去缴税。
We need someone who's not a Jedi to get close to him for us,	我们需要一名非绝地人士替我们去接近他，
So pull your chute as late as possible. 	所以别急着拉开降落伞 
Some people loathe the whole car-buying experience simply because they anticipate getting conned.	一些人对所有的购车经验都讨厌，这仅仅是因为他们预见到了会受骗。
What now, locusts? 	又是啥，蝗虫？ 
Think I had something to do with that? 	你认为我和这事有关？ 
What time do you open? 	你们什么时候开始营业？ 
An ear shattering scream pierced the ear.	耳的尖叫声划破耳粉碎。
Hey, why'd youdo something you don't know about? 	喂，你为什么要做自己并不了解的事情？ 
I am sad, after being a movie critic.	我可惨了，做了一阵子影评人。
We were in the area. We got the call.	我们就在附近时，听到了呼叫。
Load-sharing not only reduces the number of trucks on the road and saves fuel, it also offers cheaper service for consumers.	载货共享不仅减少在途货车数量以及节油，而且还为消费者提供更廉价的运输服务。
Yeah. What have you got there? 	好多了。你带了什么来？ 
Which I'm assuming she's already done,	我想她可能已经达成了，
I can't see you. And he wept. 	我见不到你。而且他还哭了。 
Do you think he's good? 	你觉得他是个好医生吗？ 
Shows off my new fluorescent green hearing aids better.	这样更好地展示了我新的绿色荧光助听器。
Not looking for safe. 	我没有寻求庇护。 
The charm of my wonderful josephine kindl es a living, blazing fire in my heart and senses.	我迷人的约瑟芬的魅力如同一团炽热的火那样在我的心里燃烧着。
Your pockets are empty and I'm still sitting high and dry! 	我安然无恙地坐在这儿，然而你们却口袋空空了！ 
Mr campbell also said that anger at the notorious claim that iraq could launch a strike within 45 minutes had been overdone.	坎贝尔先生说，伊拉克可能在45分钟内发动攻击的匿名宣称所引起的愤怒已经过火了。
Nothing happened! - how can you call a baby nothing? 	什么都没发生！- 没发生哪儿来的小孩？ 
Bye, Harold. Bye.	再见，哈罗德。再见。
Easy. Honey lamb, now ain't a good time to fuck with the man...	容易。蜂蜜羔羊，现在不与那个人发生性关系的一个好时机...
Political stability is a dynamic process in which political development is realized according to cer tain political sequence.	政治稳定是依照一定的政治秩序实现政治发展的动态过程。
I have your skateboard right in the shed over there. I know exactly where it is. 	我知道你的滑板收在那里，我知道它在哪里的。 
He sits alone all day scowling at passers-by.	他整天独自坐着，横眉怒目地瞪着来往的人。
She's brought not one dollar in –.	她没带来一毛钱进账-。
All I remember is, he wasn't a gardener. 	我只记得他不是园丁。 
Breed, one that restored the ability to produce normal levels of	一种能使尿酸恢复正常水平的基因
Others were released. 	其他人都被放了。 
Access some emotions and empathize with me?	好好安慰我一次吗？
Vitals look good. Blood pressure is normal. 	器官功能正常血压正常 
It's a lot of pressure to design for someone this big.	为这么有名的人设计真是很有压力。
Even within the party, few people believe in marxism any longer.	即便在党内，也没有多少人还相信马克思主义。
Too much trash!Earth covered 	地球表面！满盖垃圾 
Like instead of ideas, I've got oil. 	好像满脑子的念头，我被上了油。 
And very officially asked for my hand last week. 	上星期正式向我求婚了。 
You're drunk right now, okay? 	你喝了酒了，对吧？ 
We're gonna hold for a couple of minutes.	我们要等一会才起飞。
In a level - three type parallel universe... 	在第三层次平行宇宙中… 
If whose Iwas is dead, 'cause it's mine now.	一旦拥有者死了，就是属于我的。
Several thousand people chanted and demonstrated outside the building.	好几千人在大楼外喊着口号示威。
Park my vehicle at HQ, enter through the front. 	把车在总部停好，然后从前门进去。 
I don't want a cup of tea. What I want 	我不要茶我需要的是 
Who do you think will be the next michael jordan?	你认为谁能是迈克尔丹第二？
And regular melons, 	如果是送哈蜜瓜的话， 
It must've fallen. Help me look for it. 	它肯定掉地上了，帮我找找。 
I see ling jishi almost every day now, but I never say much to him and am determined not to be the first to mention english lessons.	这几天我都见着凌吉士，但我从没同他多说过几句话，我是决不先提到补英文事。
Table 2 growth and nitrogenase activity of transformation colonies in a medium without.	表2转化藻落在羌氮培养基及空气中的生长和固氮蔺活力。
Beth gallagher: if you ever come near my family again, I'll kill you. Do you understand?	贝斯：要是你再次接近我的家人，我就会杀了你。你明白吗？
Exterminating my species. 	想要灭绝我们的种族。 
I'm going to the moon. 	我要到月亮上去。 
A night off. But...	就一晚上。但是...
Not anymore, he doesn't. Not after the toilet incident anyway.	不是不再，他不。不是在厕所事件之后无论如何。
In other words, who do you want to be and then find the clothes to dress up that person.	也就是说，你想成为什么样的人就去寻找那些能把你装扮成那种人的衣服吧。
We have established a tip line, 	我们建立了报料热线， 
Do I need to take it up with your lieutenant?	咱们还要纠结这问题吗副队？
The mao era saw chinalook inward more and more, and even the ussr was unwelcome after the sino-soviet split of the 1960s.	毛泽东时代的中国更多地关注内部矛盾，甚至在20世纪60年代中苏决裂之后，苏联也变得不受欢迎。
Think the Committee could stop by? 	你觉得委员们可以到你家吗？ 
Who I believe has just been shot. 	他应该中枪了。 
Until the murder.	一直到谋杀发生。
Of our taxes, of our hard work. 	我们的税金，我们的努力成果。 
I don't know what we're yelling about!	我不知道我们在争执什么！
It may have malfunctioned.	一定是发生故障了。
Hey, what the fuck? 	嗨，他妈的怎么回事？ 
Political, cultural and economic disparities loom large.	政治、文化和经济赫然耸现。
Nobody's getting in or out.	任何人都不能进出。
Otherwise you could wind up screwing around on your wife like your -	否则你就会背着你老婆到处鬼混就像你-
I really wish you'd start trusting me. 	我也很希望你能试着信任我。 
I just, you know, I have a lot on my mind.	我只是，你明白的，我会挂心很多事情。
The location to restaurants including Buffalo Wild Wings? is a standout feature of this Harrison hotel. 	附近有很多餐厅是这家哈里森酒店的突出特点，包括Buffalo Wild Wings?餐厅。 
Not into the drug scene as far as we could tell.	据我们目前所知，不吸毒，
Go get some dinner. Come on, come on!	吃饭吧。来吧。
But this guy, Mike, I mean,	但是这哥们麦克我的意思是，
No, I'd better go back.	不，我还是回去吧。
You tell me I'm looking good, I'll pop you on the nose.	你告诉我我看起来很好，我会揍你的鼻子。
In your car, maybe? In my car? I don't smoke.	或许在你的车里会？在我的车里？我不会。
That's something only people like you can do, captain. 	只有你这样的人才会做的，上校 
I was thinking I'd be perfect bait.	我想自己当诱饵一定很出色啊
They called him Jimmy the gent.	他们甚至称他为“绅士吉米”。
Sir, I'm not following you. 	先生，我不是很懂你的意思。 
That he has crossed into psychosis. 	他已经彻底精神错乱。 
It was the only answer.	我只能那么告诉她。
And it's a damn long walk.	但路程太长了。
Background: friedensreich hundertwasser an austrian architect and painter designed this building which contains 105 apartments and a restaurant.	背景：奥地利著名建筑师和画家百水先生设计了这个建筑，里面有105间公寓和一个餐厅。
You were on a mission. - I was.	你当时肩负使命。- 是的。
No, the boss is no kananga. - well, who's the boss?	不，老板不是卡南加那他是谁？
You Haven't, right? 	你没有，对吗？ 
He doesn't deserve it. I deserve it. You deserve it. 	他不值得啊。我值得。你也值得。 
I talked to him last night on the phone and he said he's feeling a little better.	昨天晚上我和他通了电话。他说他感觉好些了。
But if you'll bear with me for just a moment... 	不过，如果你能耐心的听我讲的话…… 
Damn, what a knock out!	该死，好辣！
All the adult's in the room keep their voices modulated. 	房间里的大人们说话最好柔和一点。 
But I had never seen one quite like your mom.	但从没见过像你妈妈那样的。
Such supply-chain waste can be built into the price, and usually makes economic sense.	供给环节的这种浪费可能使价格升高，这在经济学上通常说得通。
Get it in the back ofthe truck. Go, go, go, go, go.	全部放到卡车后车厢去。快，快，快，快，快。
You survived it. - well, um... 	你坚持下来了- 那恩... 
You just ask people for money, and they give it to you...	你只是找别人要钱然后他们就给你…
But they sorely lack a leader.	不过他们严重缺少一个带头大哥。
We don't know, ma. 	妈妈，我们也不知道。 
When you were attacked in the barn,	你在谷仓被袭击的时候，
Well, actually, I did. 	好吧，那是我写的。 
Where we're not legally married.	不承认同性婚姻的州。
We've been looking in the wrong place 	我们一直在错误的地方查 
First, governments are increasingly reasserting their sovereignty.	首先是各国政府越来越强调他们的主权。
Or just trying to send a message?	或者只是想发出一些信息？
Your gun, captain.	你的手枪，上尉。
What do you mean? You know, kind of... False pretenses. 	你什么意思？你知道的不过是... 逢场作戏。 
Image: subway riders in mexico city during the 2009 swine flu outbreak.	图片：2009年猪流感爆发时，墨西哥城的地铁乘客们。
He was hiding. He heard it mostly.	他躲起来。听到大部份对话。
I'm back now - back with the people who love me... 	我回来了—回到了爱我的人的身边... 
Life is better with herby his side.	在他这边会使她的生活更好。
Actually, many critics admit that their complaints are unfounded even as they lodge them.	实际上，许多批评人士甚至在一开始就承认，他们的抱怨没有事实根据。
The bell almost shattered my jangled nerves.	我本已心乱如麻，门铃声几乎要将我击倒。
I don't want to go through with this. 	我不想用这个来解决问题。 
A job in hand was worth two in the future.	一职在身胜过两个职业在望。
Indeed, because I mean, he is also justifying 	是的，我的意思是，这个观点同样为 
don't laugh, but I used to think	别笑，但我以前总觉得
After the publication of the principia there is a complete change in his habit and way of life.	《原理》出版后，在他的习惯和生活方式中有了一个彻底的改变。
In canada the conservative minority government unveiled a modest budget, eschewing both big tax cuts and spending promises.	在加拿大，少数派保守政府公布了温和的财政预算，但在大幅度减税和开支承诺方面却闭口不谈。
Tell me something about yourself, if you are happy and stuff.	告诉我你的事，你是否快乐充实。
He'll never give up. 	他是不会放弃的。 
Stop playing around, will ya!	别玩了，好吗！
What is "not great"? 	什么叫" 不太好" ？ 
And do something horrible to it. 	好好收拾它一顿。 
Investors swarmed jim during the cocktail hour looking for stock picks.	鸡尾酒会期间，投资者把吉姆围个水泄不通，请他帮忙选股。
I don't even like this color.	我根本就不喜欢这个颜色。
Regions of nature where nobody has ever been there before.	以前从没有人涉足的自然领域。
And she's gonna be pissed if you take it.	你拿走了她会生气的。
He wants to kill the kids to save her! 	他想把孩子杀掉来救他的女儿！ 
I can't fucking swim, you fucking cunt! 	我他妈不会游泳啊，你这小婊子！ 
We'll need to rethink this,	我们需要重新想办法，
Are you serious? I've never been more serious in my life. 	你认真的吗？我这辈子没这么认真过。 
She's moving in with him?	她准备和他住在一起？
We have some questions concerning your flight home.	我们有几个关于你回国的问题。
Then there were the human victims - the orthodox faithful. 	接下来的牺牲品是人- 东正教的信徒。 
We're on it. Here's our m. E.	我们已经在调查了啊。法医驾到。
Grab her shoulder. Be a man! Lift her up! 	抓他肩膀。有点男人样！拉她起来！ 
Mr. Hong and l	洪先生和我
The things that enron did, and that I did, are being done today, and in many cases they're being done in such a manner that makes me blush--and I was the cfo of enron. "	现在人们正在重复安然做过的事和我做过的事，而且很多时候他们做的这么出格，让我这个安然前首席财务官都脸红。”
Two enlisted men: 	两个应征兵： 
Most of the time after work, I just want to go home, 	下了班后的大多数时间，我只想回家去， 
Germany and france got together to streamline the eu make the decision process quicker and more efficient, and impose stricter regulations and controls.	德国和法国联合起来简化欧盟，让决定过程更快更有效，并强加了一些更严格的规章制度和控制机构。
We saw the biggest breasts, the smallest,	我们见识了最大和最小的乳房，
While I take care of this,	我来看着这个你何不去拿些小册子？
I wanted to see if you were lying.	我想知道你是不是在撒谎。
Not without my broccoli.	不拿上椰菜我不走。
You create a virtual dish that's as big as the distance between those dishes, 	你创造了一个虚拟天线大到这些天线之间的距离， 
Former bear stearns executive frederic marino started an$ 800 million hedge fund with seed capital from qaddafi's government.	bear stearns前执行官费德里科.马里诺与来自卡扎菲政府的原始资金合作开展了一个8亿美元的对冲资金项目。
If you get my people back home, then I'll stay behind and draw the Mr is with away from you. 	如果你能把我的人送回家，我会留下为你引开潜行者。 
God backs you into a corner.	神让你陷入了困境。
Papas adds that people who are out of work are often embarrassed about it, so they don't reach out to friends, relatives, and former colleagues to find out about possible job leads. "	帕帕斯补充说，失业者往往感到尴尬，因此不联络朋友、亲戚或前同事寻找可能的求职机会。
Outside! Outside now! 	出去都出去！ 
Now chicago wins the 2016 games--round 1 eliminates tokyo, round 2 rio and round 3 madrid--even though, given that set of preferences, chicago is a poor choice.	即使，在这种情况下，芝加哥是一个较差的选择，但它仍将赢得2016年奥运会的举办权第一轮淘汰东京，第二轮里约然后第三轮马德里。
What's going on?  I'm checking out an alibi.	怎么了？ 我在查不场证明。
If I'd known the real you, I would've jumped you a long time ago. 	如果我一早知道你的本色，我早就追你了。 
I gotta work in the morning and I can't sleep	我早上还要上班你那些该死的烟
Probably just a big fat waste of time.	很可能就是一个浪费时间的事情。
Noblemen are so forgetful, aren't they?	贵人多忘事啊是不是？
Okay, I need my eight - year - olds warming up.	好吧，我需要八岁时的那种热身运动。
I don't know if he can't speak, or... He's just too scared to.	我不知道他是不会说话，还是吓得失语了。
The end of my second year of teaching was the most eye-opening two and a half months of my teaching career.	我教学的第二年末是我教学生涯最让人吃惊的两个半月。
Those policies have helped make costa rica's economy the second most dynamic in central america, behind that of panama.	这些政策已经使得哥斯达黎加在中美洲成为仅次于巴拿马的第二大最具发展力的国家。
In order to spare you any such inconvenience, I have decided 	为了让你避开这些麻烦 
I've had worse than your pimps. 	我也遇过比那更坏的坏皮条客。 
Teatment of acromioclavicular dislocation with the clavicular hook plate.	锁骨钩钢板治疗肩锁关节脱位。
Until I gazed upon you.	但是我又见到了你。
Honey, what did you do with the can opener? 	宝贝，你拿开瓶器干嘛了？ 
I'll go get my people 	我去叫我的人来 
Her laundry was there, her bed was made.	洗好的衣服还在，床也铺好了。
I heard you're good at what you do  	我听说你工作做的很不错  
I called the University er. It's an anti-psychotic. 	我给大学急诊室打了电话。是抗精神病药。 
All throughout my life the reasons I've demanded.	贯串生命始末我都需要理由。
Of course, we go to the high - class spots like	当然是最高级那些，丽晶或者是香格里拉
There are also proof-readers, language polishers and special effects personnel.	还有一些是校对人员、字句锤炼员和特殊效果处理人员。
A calendar cleanup action lets you remove your calendar entries based on a user-specified cut-off date.	日历清空操作可以根据用户指定的截止日期移除日历项。
Side-aftereffects: loss of appetence and nausea occur in a lot of cases, ancients with barfing.	副作用：多数病例涌现食欲减退、恶心，有时呕吐。
That's it! Show 'em what you're made of. 	太好了！展示你的能力吧。 
They're not option properly and their mortgages?	不会正确行使选择权？
If we all do everything we can to eradicate this disease, 	如果我们竭尽全力想办法消灭这种疾病， 
You ain't shitting , bro. They're motherfuckin'. 	别胡说，兄弟。那该死的。 
But I F eel seriously under - fucked. 	但我觉得我严重地缺少性爱。 
You're gonna be my doctor? 	你将成为我的医生？ 
Now let me ask you. Have you seen this?	我来问问你。看过这没？
I'd give you full credit of course.	当然我会完全信任你。
I'm just saying, you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar. 	我是说，比起用醋蜂蜜能吸引更多的苍蝇 
Ah, I'm working 	啊，我在工作啊 
At socialism initial stage now, facing modern subject and prensent subject, china should adopt the mixing route with characteristic of chinese in the entering constitution in proprietary domain.	中国现处于社会主义初级阶段，近代课题与现代课题相互交融。在财产权入宪问题上，宜采取具有中国特色的混合路径。
The locals have never seen anything like this before.	当地人以前未见过这玩意。
So as not to harm their future prospects?	免得损害他们的大好前程？
I'm no longer deluded about who I am. 	我就不再对自我感到迷惑了。 
We haven’t had a chance to talk since...	我们还一直没有机会谈谈自从...
Topical otic drug products for over-the-counter human use.	用于非处方的人类使用的局部的耳部药品。
But we never see him - ever. 	但我们不会见到他永远不会。 
I grab a dog... 	我抓住一条狗... 
The amount of digital information increases tenfold every five years.	数字信息每五年就会增加十倍。
I got your nose. 	我抓住了你的鼻子。 
Every single shot is intended to have a perfect composition of its own, even if that means there are continuity errors.	每个单个镜头本身都力图形成完美构图，即使这样可能意味着存在拍摄连续性（continuity）方面的错误。
I've never known this feeling 	我从没体会过这种感觉 
No, I think it would be very nice for him.	不是，我觉得这对他来说是好事。
How long have you known your Nancy? Uh, it's five years. 	你认识你的南茜多久了？嗯，五年了。 
It's like a biscuit or a scone.	类似饼干或者烤饼。
Yeah, well, the key to Wendy's murder might be in that junk,	是啊，可，这堆垃圾里可能有温蒂案子的关键线索，
She didn't walk.	她不是走着来的。
We have Harkin at CENTCOM 	只有中央司令部的哈金 
You need to call my attorney and get over here quick.	你得打电话给我律师让他马上过来。
I mean, when I sing them. 	当我唱得时候。 
Well, if you ever have the urge to place two bucks on a good thing,	好，假如你还想下注两美元，
Article 3 the officers referred to in paragraph1, article 6 of the act mean those who do the work concerning the welfare of the disabled on a full-time basis and do no concurrently handle other operations.	第3条（专责暨专业人员）本法第六条第一项所称专责人员，指全职办理身心障碍福利工作，未兼办其他业务者。
But the military has become more outspoken in recent months, frequently upstaging the foreign ministry and heightening concerns about how china plans to use its economic muscle.	但近几个月，军方已经更加敢于直言，常常抢了外交部的风头，并让外界更加担心中国打算如何运用其经济实力。
Five pound of potatoes please.	请拿五磅土豆。
My father pulled the gun on me, 	我父亲拿枪指着我， 
It's just not usually used this... Literally in the field. 	只不过... 在战场上，从未被如此生硬照搬过。 
I've already gone through that with the girls. 	我已经仔细检查过女孩们了。 
Alright, let him go.	好的，让他走。
And think about this. 	仔细想想吧。 
I know where Belize is. What about it? 	我知道贝里斯在哪儿？ 
Oh, yes. And you'll pay too. 	喔，是的。你们也会付出代价。 
I hate gin. You do?	我讨厌金酒。是吗？
He died two years ago. I miss him. 	他两年前去世了。我想他了。 
Spend the day on Lake Hefner boating, swimming, or fishing. 	白天在赫夫纳湖泛舟、游泳或垂钓。 
All right, someday she'll be in a place where no one can help her and it's all on her. And then what?	好吧，要是哪天没人帮她了全得靠自己了那时该怎么办？
So Percy is kidnapping 	所以说珀西在绑架 
15 mile(s) from Rancho San Marcos Golf Course 	距离兰乔圣马科斯高尔夫球场 15 英里 
Buddy, you all right? 	兄弟，你还好吧？ 
But Ben truly does all the heavy lifting.	但是本承担了所有的抱小孩的负重。
Give me your apron. - what? 	把围裙给我穿穿- 什么？ 
And I guess sometimes I forget that figuring out who I am	我想有时候要大家搞清楚我是谁
That it is a violation of constitutional due process	因对方残疾而想剥夺其政治权利者
You look great. - Oh, no, I'm so fat.	你看上去好极了- 噢，不，我太胖了。
So it was you, mrs barrymore, that I heard crying.	所以是你,白瑞摩太太,我听到的哭声.
I got his heart.	我得到他的心脏。
So the end of the game is firm 2. 	所以说博弈的最后一步是公司2. 
I thought you had to go look after you mother, detective. 	我以为你去照顾你母亲了呢，探员。 
I really don't know what I would've done without you. 	如果没有你们俩我真不知如何是好。 
You should never have spoken to him in the first place.	你一开始就不该和他讲话。
Because earth has a big magnetic field, 	因为地球有一个大磁场 
But, again, that's why it's a dream.	但，这就是个梦。
A city of central california in the san joaquin valley northwest of fresno. It is an industrial and processing center. Population, 29281.	马德罗美国加利福尼亚中部的一个城市，位于弗雷兹诺西北部，圣华金河谷。它是一个工业和加工业中心。人口29281。
Weren’t you directing traffic at the Our River bridge?	你在瓦尔河指挥交通吗？
So what do researchers hypothesize is the reason for a bossy lady's lack of nookie?	因此研究人员假设，原因在于一个当家作主的女性缺乏性趣？
You look like a blueberry. 	你就像个蓝莓。 
And in the past 12 months the average temperature has beaten any since us records began including 1933, the hottest year of that overbaked decade.	过去12个月，美国平均气温为有记录以来的最高温，包括1933年，那是整个酷热的30年代里最热的年份。
Six us tobacco companies recently argued that the requirement to carry such images infringes on their freedom of speech.	美国6家烟草公司最近声称，包装上附带这些图像的要求，侵犯了他们的言论自由。
Look, we both know you're cold, you're distant,	我们都知道你冷酷你疏离，
I only know a - listers. 	我只认识一线名流。 
The earliest written part of the old Testament, 	最早的旧约书面部分， 
don't touch her, call 911 	别碰她，打电话叫救护车 
And we're certain there are no medic records that point to a history of abuse? 	我们确定没有受虐史的医疗记录？ 
It's your life, Jack. 	它才是你的生命，杰克。 
His leg hurts.	他的腿受伤了。
Are you doing okay? don't start now. 	你还好吗？别说了。 
Many hurdles games, the patience to fight, we will be able to clear customs there.	游戏有很多关卡，耐心的打，就能通关。
My God, now I know why they call Yankee stadium 	上帝啊，现在我知道为什么人们把洋基的体育场叫做 
I hardly believe in ghost stories anymore, captain Barbossa.	我很久前就已经不相信鬼故事啦，巴博萨船长。
It seems that they are endowed lavishly with the wealth, power and beauty.	似乎上天毫不吝惜地赋予了她们以金钱，权力和美貌。
Postmortem, her body temperature significantly dropped,	她的体温在死亡后急剧下降，
The evidence for this beggar-my-neighbour turn is all too abundant.	有关这种以邻为壑倾向的证据不胜枚举。
Did I? Or did he put his mouth on my fingers?	是吗？还是他非要把嘴凑过来放我手指头上的？
Can you believe it was nine years ago we were walking around Vienna?	你能想象9年前我们在维也纳漫步吗？
Yeah. - one of us had a good time. 	是啊。—至少有一个人很享受。 
Through the abdomen into the large intestine. 	穿过腹部，进入大肠。 
She now thinks of you two as family.	她觉得你们俩是一家人。
Our faculty is one of the most prestigious in the entire country. 	我们的设备是全国一流的。 
Carter is not Jessie. 	卡特又不是杰西。 
I'll say we are. yeah. Let's sing it now.	准备就绪。对。现在就唱。
Everybody here is colorful or eccentric or charismatic. I'm perfectly ordinary. 	其他人不是很活泼就是很古怪或是有魅力。而我则非常平凡。 
I have experiences, and I have things	我有经验，我还在展现出了
And not just because he's ahead in the gossip girl poll.	不仅仅因为他在八卦天后的投票里领先。
We're on board. Put a rush on the bus, okay?	我们在甲板上。请尽快回到车上，好吗？
It's metallic tablet. 	是块金属板。 
But he insists they are stories first, not allegories.	但他坚持故事第一，而并非讽喻第一。
But to lie in cold obstruction and to rot. 	卧于寒冷闭塞之中渐渐腐烂。 
Well, you are now.	你现在可有麻烦了。
Gm said the sale would close by the end of the third quarter.	通用称，第三季度末将完成“悍马”品牌的出售。
But what is relevant is that you never call my house again.	但你不要再给我家打电话。
Your Best Western Logan has everything you need for a fantastic getaway. 	洛根贝斯特韦斯特酒店为您提供任何需要，使您度过一个美好的假期。 
Those are somber statistics but mortality rates and incidents have decreased over the last decade and more people are surviving the disease.	这些是让人忧郁的统计数字。但是死亡率和事件发生率在过去10年中下降了，并且更多的患癌症者存活下来。
But unlike a normal animal, it's a shape-shifter.	但和正常的动物不一样，它常常变换形态。
Indeed, since 1983, hong kong, in order to ensure currency stability, has been operating under a currency board system which provides full us dollar backing for our currency. In the recent round of attacks on the hong kong dollar, the currency board system has proven to be most effective.	事实上，本港自一九八三年以来，便一直实行货币发行局制度，利用等值美元作为发行港元的十足保证，以确保货币稳定，而当港元面对最近一轮的冲击时，货币发行局制度证明能有效发挥作用。
Conway field.	在康维·菲尔德。
What? Why are the police here? 	什么？警察来干什么？ 
History is the best teacher. It faithfully records the development path of each country and foretells the future to us.	历史是最好的老师，它通过忠实地记录每一个国家的发展轨迹，向我们昭示未来。
There was a chance of a meltdown, okay?	他都可能会崩溃，好吗？
York and its magnificent york minster are within easy reach also to the north is the wilder landscape of the yorkshire moors dotted with tiny villages and market towns.	其宏伟的纽约和约克大教堂是凑手还以北是怀尔德景观约克郡沼地星罗棋布的小村庄和集镇。
I saw her baby staring at me.	我看到她的孩子盯着我。
Well, nice to meet all of you guys. 	很高兴认识你们所有人。 
And it was not clear whether either was really affecting amyloid because there were no direct measurements of plaques or amyloid beta protein.	此外，也不清楚它们是否真正的影响淀粉样蛋白因为没有对老年斑或者淀粉样β蛋白进行直接测量。
cause I'm right at the edge!	我可已经在爆发的边缘了！
Let me throw a scenario at you. 	我给你假定一个情景。 
Like seeing yourseIf on TV? 	喜欢在电视上见到你自己？ 
I hadn't realised you were the wife of a colleague.	我不知道你是我同事的妻子。
Then there was zhang hedan, 46, a street vendor who was fanning his flushed face with a piece of paper.	还有46岁的路边摊贩章合丹（音），他满脸热得通红，正用一张纸扇着风。
They're trying to get her out.	他们想把她救出来。
Vote for me!	为我投票吧！
She's like the terminator of sexpots. 	她就像欲望终结者。 
Tell me you didn't eat another hot lunch on the day of our party.	你不会在我们要去派对的时候还又吃了一顿辣味午餐吧。
I'll give her a bunch of red carnations.	我要给他一束红色康乃馨。
I might prolong his life, yes.	我说我也许可以延长他的生命，是的。
Miss waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.	华生小姐正在参加婚礼预演晚餐,另外,开人玩笑可不礼貌,再见。
Experimental Farm - A large working farm in the middle of the city. 	实验农场—城市中部一个较大的劳教农场。 
Urinating in public	公共场所小便
For Saddam Hussein's first wife. 	为了萨达姆的第一任妻子。 
And now I'm bringing it to you with the television premiere of out great finale	明天将为你们带来巡演终曲的电视首播
Is it really true that you served his dog as Sunday roast?	你真的把他的狗拿来做周日烤肉了？
She's 38 now, so... Thank you.	她今年38岁了所以... 谢谢。
Other earths are waiting to be discovered. 	其它地球正等着被发现。 
So they might not even be polyester. 	所以这衣服不是涤纶的。 
Randall Brinkerhoff's got your girlfriend in the upstairs bedroom.	兰德尔发现了你的女朋友在楼上的卧室中。
From accidents and institutions	偶然事件或者基于
I reconnoitered the ground as far as the actual place. 	我巡查地面几乎上了三垒。 
Food is not your friend? 	少碰那些吃的喝的？ 
Her lifestyle was out of kilter with her politics.	她的生活方式与她的政治活动格格不入。
Okay. I tell you what, this is what I'm going to do.	好吧。告诉你，我准备这么做。
Let me tell my mom, okay. 	我自己告诉我妈妈吧。 
Do I even have one? 	我究竟有没有？ 
I just left the restaurant.	我刚离开酒店。
What were you thinking about when you made that one up? 	当你那么做的时候你心里想的是什么？ 
He's gone, colt.	他跑了，柯尔特。
Why'd she take out a restraining order against you? 	为什么她要对你申请禁令？ 
They're probably already designing the campaign posters. What do you mean?	估计他们已经开始设计宣传海报了。你什么意思？
I'm not saying we played badly, because we created a lot of goalscoring chances, but we couldn't take them and got knocked out.	我不是说那场踢得很糟，我们创造出不少进球机会，但都没有把握住，最后遭到淘汰。
He tried to stop you from driving drunk. 	他是要阻止你醉酒开车。 
To support her no matter what choices she makes - well, that hurts me deeply.	她的某些决定我会不支持太让我伤心了。
Well, if they want it, they can have it! 	如果他们想要芯片，没问题！ 
No, no...... No, Frankie.	不，不是的…弗兰克。
Has nothing to do 	好了这件事跟修复 
Craft services will be getting your blueberry cream cheese, 	场务会为你准备好蓝莓奶油起司， 
A wider loss of confidence could lead to entire markets suffering similar deratings.	更大范围的信心缺失，可能导致整体市场遭到同样的“小视”。
I don't remember the last time I felt this way. 	我不记得上次这种感觉是什么时候了。 
Bimolecular elimination with formation of a carbonyl group;	双分子羰基形成消除；
And we'll sort out who's really who on another planet.	到了其他星球我们再仔细弄清楚到底谁是谁。
You think that I... Murdered someone? 	你说我... 曾经谋杀过人？ 
Yes, but it was long distance.	对,但那是一个很长的距离。
No, chemical can only ship by normal air forwarding company.	不行，化学制品只能通过普通航空转运公司运送。
After the verdict against the party can still raise objections.	之后不服判决的一方仍可以提出异议。
Mom worked for them before she died.	咱妈生前为他们效力过。
Well, because of all the obstruction you put in our path... 	但是你让我们走了很多弯路。 
I come to like of, I also came 	我来了好的，我也来了 
I wasn't under the impression that episode had endeared me to the Vatican.	不会是书中的那个片段让我惹上梵蒂冈了吧。
What are you gonna do with those - those flimsy tusks?	你要怎么处理那些脆弱的象牙？
A treatise on media labour: audience, journalists and reserve army of journalists.	论媒体劳动：阅听人、记者与记者后备军。
But still, we're all getting drunk for a good cause. 	但是，我们都为了一个美好的愿望来一醉方休。 
What made you change your mind? All right, gentlemen.	怎么改主意了？好了，先生们。
Lemons.the proper ph balance is crucial for disease-fighting.	人体ph值的均衡与否是抗病的关键。
May I help you? - I'm looking for Oleg. 	我能帮你吗？- 我来找奥雷格。 
Well, I don't see that happening.	我觉得这事不可能。
I'm an only child, and l... I didn't see it coming.	我又是独女，没想过他们会离婚。
I do. I think you deserve to be taken care of for a change.	我觉得你值得被珍视。
I think this is the best one. 	我觉得不错我认为这是最佳的选择了。 
But don is a boy's name. Anything goes down there. 	但是「刚刚」是男生的名字都吃不饱了，谁管名字。 
Don't you remember me studying all the time?	你不记得我总是在学习吗？
I don't want anything, MS. Congeniality, 	我什么都不要，善解人意小姐， 
I'm confused. It's not about you, sir. 	我有点糊涂了。这事与您无关，先生。 
That control six different sets of gears and motors inside the hand, 	它控制了手臂上的六条传动装置和马达， 
I once worked for them as an official consultant. 	我以前是他们的正式顾问。 
You know what he looks like.	你知道他是怎样的。
Listen, I'm in a hurry. Let's try for a twofer.	听着，我很急。看能不能一起来。
I guess we’ll just have to wait and see.	我想我们只能拭目以待了。
They live in a two-bedroomed house in the heart of suburbia.	他们住在市郊中心的一幢有两间卧室的房子里。
Dicui Gorge 	滴翠峡 
Agent Dunn .- sir.	当长官。- 在。
Keri glassman, a registered dietitian and founder of nutritious life meals, appeared on "good morning america" today to give you a glimpse into the diets of some top athletes. Some of their meals could surprise you.	克里格拉斯曼是膳食营养生活组织的创始人和注册营养学家，今天，他在“早安美国”节目中让您一瞥一些顶级运动员的膳食，他们的一些饮食可能会令你惊讶。
I'm not sure I've understood but I'll see you tomorrow.	我不确信我懂了但是我会和你明天见。
Of a typical 3 ($ 4.75) pub pint, around 1 is tax, far higher than elsewhere in europe.	一个典型的酒吧一品脱的量3英镑（合4.75美元），这里面就含大约1英镑的税，远远高于欧洲其他地方。
You should not use such language	在我新娘面前你应该不会这语言
Mom, you left the door open. 	妈，你没关门。 
G20 finance ministers will meet just ahead of the spring and autumn imf gatherings.	20财长将在国际货币基金组织春季和秋季会议前夕举行会晤。
Aiming at these defects, on responsible part, we should chang oragnation responsibilty to determiner ( natural person) responsibilty; on penal responsibilty, we should improve legislation of perjury crime and establish contempt crime; on civil responsibilty, we should position the determiner correctly and identify the property of determiners civil responsibiltyclearly.	针对这些缺陷，我们应在在责任主体方面明确司法鉴定人的责任主体地位；刑事责任上要完善伪证罪立法，并确立藐视法庭罪；民事责任上要正确定位鉴定人，明确鉴定人民事责任性质。
Man,we're not even supposed to be talng.	伙计，我们本不该谈话的。
The most famous case in chancery. 	法院最有名的案子。 
Yeah. Almost all packed. 	是啊，差不多都收拾好了。 
In the air stage, we were powerful because we had the airplane. 	在空中，我们强大因为有飞机。 
It would not be the slightest bit of an overstatement to say that the study of humanities at its very core is man. The research of any society or historical phenomenon uncovers the decisions and development of man, because if it were not for man and his decisions then the world would be forever unchanged.	我们研究任何一种社会现象，其实都是在研究隐藏其后并决定其发展的人，因为如果不是人本身是不定数的话，那么世界上因人而定的所有事物都将是一尘不变的。
Philip made answer, bread to the value of two hundred pence would not be enough even to give everyone a little.	腓力回答说，就是二十两银子的饼，叫他们各人吃一点，也是不够的。
Wait... Get down on your knees...	等等……跪下来……
I'm really glad you wanted to do this. Me, too.	我很开心你来见我。我也是。
I'm his mom. He's always gonna be my baby. 	我是他妈妈。他永远都是我的宝宝。 
But didn't you tell the truth in divorce court, about being a good mom? 	但是在离婚法庭，关于如何做一个好妈妈，你没有说实话？ 
Yeah, I would just like to be able to explain these readings better before we step through.	是的，我想我们在搞清楚这些读数之前最好不要采取进一步的行动。
No, I've got to get it back soon. You know why?	我很快就要驶回去？
But you got to tell me exactly what they know 	但你必须如实告诉我他们知道的东西 
I saw that in the society pages. 	我在社会版面看到过他。 
Man may I romantic, women can also windflowers snowy day.	男子可以一世风流，女人也可以风花雪夜。
How long did you know your partner was gay?	你知道你搭档是同性恋多久了？
Okay, let's get the oid video equipment in here.	好吧，我们要在这里放些录像设备。
In some ways, these positions reflect the split personality of qatar, which follows the conservative wahhabi islam of neighbouring saudi arabia but is also banking on tourism.	在某些方面，这些立场反映了卡塔尔分裂的人格：一方面奉行邻国沙特阿拉伯保守的瓦哈比伊斯兰教派(wahhbi)，另一方面又依赖于旅游业。
I wanted a muscle car. So I went straight to a dealership that sells corvettes.	我想要一辆肌肉车。所以我径直走向了克尔维特的经销商。
If you're interested, don't take too long. 	如果你有兴趣早点告诉我。 
You pass on the street, you don't so much as nod 	你走过街口，不需要点头 
What the fuck is he doing? - I don't know, man. 	他在干嘛- 我不知道。 
This is zing, children!	小朋友们,这是zing星球
So, if you had to choose of all our presidents, which one would you have slept with? 	如果随你选，你会跟哪位总统上床？ 
I agree that the factors that brought about life on earth were statistically unlikely.	我相信地球上生命的诞生就是概率上的不可能事件。
I mean, what kind of a reporter am I? 	我是说，我算哪门子记者？ 
Forget it. Hank is coming with me. Wait a minute, guys.	算了吧。汉克跟我一起.等等，你们。
Adverse effects of mycotoxin in feeds can be reversed.	饲料中霉菌毒素的不良影响可以校正。
If you still prefer layar, and want something easy, check out hoppala.	如果你还是比较喜欢layar，并希望简单，那么你可以试试hoppala。
Very reasonable and always good service. 	非常合理的、始终如一的优质服务。 
He better wake up.	一定要让他醒过来。
And go to Paris and Rome and listen to jazz 	去巴黎，去罗马，听爵士 
Luyuan's new apartment was across the highway from room 817, down a dark, pungent alley in the red-light district.	李芦媛的新住所与817宿舍隔着高速公路相望，位于红灯区一个阴暗、刺鼻的小巷尽头。
He pushed me in the real world. 	他在现实世界攻击我。 
Dr. alberts noted that that while faster pedaling led to more significant results, not all parkinson's patients need to do forced-rate exercise to see improvement.	艾伯茨博士指出，虽然更快的蹬踏速度获得了更显著的疗效，但不是所有的帕金森氏症患者，都需要迫使速度自行车运动，才能获得改善。
You know what program did the most harm	你知道什么节目通过这样的犯罪
Well, he's had a perspective few of us ever get. 	他拥有我们没有的洞察力。 
No, that his huge. 	不，这可是大事。 
My deal was with you. 	我是和你做交易。 
Oh, I've already seen all those. 	噢，我早已知道这些了。 
About all the stupidity in the world, I'd do it. 	也只有我能干出来了 
But what if they secretly want us to do it? 	但如果那是他们正秘密地想我们做的呢？ 
I'm going. I'm going. Just drive!	开了。开了。快开！
The doctor said she had a seizure because of a head injury. 	医生说她抽搐是因为头部受伤。 
We got a tip that she's expecting a delivery this week. 	据线报她这星期要进货。 
9.2 The provisions shall be interpreted by the exchange.	9.2本规定由本所负责解释。
What about taking on a backer? 	找个投资人怎么样？ 
Yes. Convinced all those that needed convincing.	相信那些需要相信的事。
Relax. Okay. Relax? 	别激动。行不。我激动？ 
Expecting me to do problems on my own. 	希望我能搞定。 
No, we have already succeeded.	不，我们已经成功了。
With government figures in february showing the number of people claiming unemployment benefit at its highest since 1997, britain remains a weak spot.	英国仍是个薄弱点2月份的官方数据显示，申请失业救济的人数创下了1997年以来的最高水平。
If I don't look after the interests of the underprivileged, somebody else will. 	如果我不来保护那些无权阶层，其他人也会这样做。 
Madeleine felt safe with a nineteenth-century novel. There were going to be people in it.	玛德琳在与19世纪小说相伴的时候，会有一种安全感：那里面有活生生的人。
And he especially did not like the idea of us living together. 	他尤其不赞同我们住到一起。 
They left me for dead with everybody else.	他们把我扔下来和其他人一起等死。
I really need to talk to you because this - this thing that happened	我真的想跟你谈谈这件，这件刚发生的事
don't worry, l was firm about the moped... 	别担心，我给她买了脚踏车... 
The guild, League, whatever. It's ancient his story.	不管是协会，还是军团，都是陈年旧事了。
Well, I should get back to the office, 	呃，我应该回办公室了， 
How was he? Did he look as if he suffered? 	他怎么样了？看上去痛苦吗？ 
don't talk with your mouth full, dear. 	别说个不停，亲爱的。 
Someone beat him half to death.	有人把他打的半死。
Every slip is a fall, a catastrophe, resulting in irreparable contamination. 	在琴键在每一次滑动，都是个失败都是个灾难，导致不可挽回的玷污。 
You know you can't have him, my darling. He belongs to someone else.	你知道你不能拥有他，亲爱的。他属于别人。
He's this super brain with amnesia.	他这颗超级头脑却有健忘症。
No matter how messed up things got .	无论情况多么糟糕。
Our glory is inside this sword 	我们的光荣就在此剑中 
You take a journey and discover yourself. 	你踏上旅程寻找自己。 
I'm just the cameraman.	我只负责摄像。
You tickled us with your bashfulness and strained body language on tv shows.	每回见你在节目害羞的表情跟略显紧张的肢体。
They can still get to me anywhere else.	她们在别的地方还是会找我的事儿。
When she played a hooker with a heart of gold. 	当她在扮演个道德高尚的妓女的时候。 
Even though she does look happy, the tubes that help keep her alive make it obvious that brynn is a very sick baby.	尽管她看上去很开心，帮助她维持生命的管子很明显的告诉我们，她是一个患重病的孩子。
It's from his six very easy pieces.	六首给小提琴的。
Her mather blocked her tryst.	她的妈妈阻止了她的约会。
See, I told you we didn't need a bellman. 	我就说不必找小弟提行李。 
After the procedure, she was her usual chipper self and was back at work on the campaign in no time, though she faced months of chemotherapy.	手术之后，她恢复了往日的爽朗，立即重新投入到竞选活动中，尽管她还面临着几个月的化疗。
I'm not. I'm just saying we have, like - 	我没有。我只是说，就像是 - 
She phrased her questions politely.	她非常礼貌地提问。
Why are you bringing that up now? 	为什么现在要说这件事？ 
Different pesticide reachs the time that use drug to go to stalk of generation paddy the effect of prevention and cure of fly.	不同农药及施药时间对第一代稻秆潜蝇的防治效果。
Magnetometer can detect environmental magnetic intensities, which can locate and determine the size of ferrous targets.	磁力仪侦测环境磁场强度，藉以推断铁磁性目标物之位置及尺度。
Members attending: 	参加成员有： 
That gap is closing rapidly, insulating it in the event of another recession.	但差距正在迅速缩小，这样如果再发生衰退，福特也能免受影响。
Made by our friends wang shijin and zhang lumei of new zealand?	王世锦和张侣梅朋友发来的录音吧？
He's in his 30s or 40s. He's got real physical strength 	他年约三、四十岁。孔武有力 
Refer to specification SOD-UPH-405-C 	请参见规范SOD-UPH-405-C 
Just like the little girl who rides him.	就像骑他的那个小女孩一样。
Hello? This is Bob from the Andover shop. 	喂？我是安德沃商店的鲍伯。 
It better be fucking good.	最好像点样。
Picking out bunk beds in the IKEA catalogue?	在宜家的产品目录里挑个上下铺吗？
Dex, I've tried a lot of these gamblers before, 	德克斯我曾查过不少赌徒， 
You got to think about how you're handling that. 	你这么对待自己不是办法。 
And I mean not to sweat extraordinarily. 	我可不准备流太多汗。 
We keep the older girls busy with sewing. It keeps them occupied.	我们让大一点的女孩子缝纫。让她们有事做。
You have your film.	你拿到了录像带。
All that low-level code is complex and bug-prone, and will soak uphuge amounts of your time on debugging.	底层代码都很复杂，而且极易出现bug，你要花很多的时间调试。
He can't say he doesn't have it. 	他不能说他没钱了。 
Primary is the race. Hale: think you can beat him? 	初选是决定性的。黑尔：你觉得能打败他吗？ 
I've been thinking about you a lot, miss choksondik.	我非常想你，查苏堤小姐。
And he brings her to here,	把她带到这里，
The cause of his death: drowning 46 people, get an electric shock 5 people, houses collapsed 3 people, debris flow 2 people, traumatic shock 2 people, high altitude falling objects 2 people, lightning 1 person.	其死亡原因为：溺水46人，触电5人，房屋倒塌3人，泥石流2人，创伤性休克2人，高空坠物2人，雷击1人。
That's what I gave your sister Mary when they'd done her. 	当年你姐姐玛丽被砍头时我对她说。 
By that sex - crazed gorilla.	你被大猩猩强暴是什么感觉了。
Yeah, if somebody invites you over, the last thing you want to do is insult them. 	哦，如果有人约你过来，爽约就是对不起他们。 
I ain't here for no food, horn. 	我来这不是吃东西的，牛角。 
I'll take a chocolate chip.	我来一片巧克力薯片
You could have chosen to ignore his taunts.	你可以不理睬他的辱骂
The government said it had sent out more than six million census takers to survey 400 million households, including the shantytowns and dormitories that often are home to rural men who have flooded into the cities to work in factories and on construction projects.	中国政府宣布，它已派出六百多万普查员对全国四亿户家庭进行调查，其中包括棚户区及集体宿舍，这些地方往往成为那些涌入城市在工厂及建筑工地上打工的民工们居住之处。
Oh, shit. Oh, God. 	哦，妈的，上帝。 
How much longer do we have to wait?	我们还要等多长时间？
I thought the professors' kids were prodigies. 	我以为教授们生的孩子都是天才。 
Anything you want from the meat truck, my treat. 	从肉拖车上随便拿，我请客。 
Quite a lucrative occupation. 	很赚钱的工作。 
I cannot work in this environment. 	在这种环境下我无法工作。 
You two will perform well at night. 	今晚你们俩会玩得很开心的。 
As well as expected and...	唱的不好就...
Our body enters into the new phase. 	我们的身体加入新的阶段。 
He was aware of smiling at her vaguely, and she added, as if condescending to his natural shyness: "I've never seen may looking lovelier. The duke thinks her the handsomest girl in the room."	他发觉自己茫然微笑着望着她，她仿佛俯就他腼腆的天性似地又补充说：“我从没见过梅像今天这么可爱，公爵认为她是客厅里最漂亮的姑娘。”
I value your input in class. 	我觉得你在班上的表现很不错。 
There are trees to twine the rattan in the world.	世上那有树缠藤。
I mean, I'm starting to feel normal again. 	我觉得我恢复正常了。 
In addition, the french aircraft carrier "charles de gaulle" will leave france in the 20th and went to libya.	另外，法国航空母舰“戴高乐”号会在20日离开法国，前往利比亚。
Residents that are more anxious to see additional development of the park and the seasonal residents, 	当地居民对公园与度假房屋的额外开发非常担心， 
And when I finish I'll turn right to the first page and start reading it all over again. 	我就回到第一页重新开始再读一遍。 
No, no. On the contrary I was very pleased.	不,不正相反我很满意。
Oh, did you turn off the automatic sprinklers?	呀，你有没有关了自动洒水器？
But what do you really see? 	但是你究竟看到了什么？？ 
Is the universe just a changing tide that we can glimpse just a small piece of? 	宇宙是否变幻莫测，以至于我们只能惊鸿一瞥它之一斑？ 
Is he back in the barracks? 	他现在回牢房了吗？ 
I think I may even try to get out of here early. No! No - no - no - no - no - no.	我看看能不能提早下班。不要！不要- 不要- 不要- 不要- 不要。
Mom, they trained him to drive like this. 	妈妈，他可是受过训练这么开车的。 
Like a cat. 	像只猫一样。 
Lovely, healthy dishes. 	好吃，又健康的饭菜。 
You are to help the earth, and the earth was completed in this first-order "course", you will also after graduation from the earth, and you will reach the new school, to develop the new civilization belong to you.	你们是来帮助地球，当地球完成了她在这一阶的“课程”，你们亦将从地球毕业，之后，你们将会到达新学校，去开拓属于你们的崭新文明。
Your eyes better.	你的还不错。
At night, he usually stays at home,	晚上通常在家，如果他出门的话，
Because we care too much about	因为我们担心
Others are there to try to snare factories or other inward investment from the many ceos in attendance.	到会的其他政府官员则是为了说服很多出席会议的老总到其所在国投资建厂。
But that doesn't mean we stop reading.	但不是说就不阅读了。
San francisco-venture deep inside the new skyway of the san francisco-oakland bay bridge, and it becomes clear that the bridge's engineers have planned for the long term.	旧金山在旧金山的新高架公路内部深处探险之后，人们就清楚地知道该桥的工程师们已为此桥做了了长期打算。
I don't wanna push him. It's an awful lot for him to process at one time. 	我不想逼他。现在发生的一堆事已经够他受的了。 
A long time before I was born, my grandma and grandpa moved into the house on beechwood avenue.	早在我出生以前，奶奶和爷爷搬到碧奇乌大道住。
You got that dopey look about you.	你脸上有那种呆滞的表情。
You have to go through something to find out why you did it. 	只有做过了一件事才能明白做这件事的原因。 
You are lying to me?	你在撒谎吗？
The combustions inflated the white gods into greater dominion over the red gods at this time in history.	在历史此一时期，燃烧白族虚假神膨胀成对红族虚假神更强大的统治。
I'm gonna try again right now. Please don't turn down my music. 	我再催催。他别关我的音乐。 
The city of tianjin college entrance examination english in 2008 mortgages the problem book.	天津市2008年高考英语押题卷。
Congratulations-you can now try to unhook a bra on a real woman.	你现在能够试着在一个真正的女人身上解开胸罩了！
Because you don't even have to have sought medical treatment for it.	因为有些病症不需要看医生。
Ah, you don't believe in	啊，你不认为应该对
At his mother's funeral, but he refused.	我想和他谈谈，但是他拒绝了。
I hope you can live with it.	你能背负得了良心的谴责吗。
OK. I'm sorry. Look, she's not here at the moment	好吧。对不起。你看她这会儿也不在家
People frolicked in a crowded swimming pool during the muslim eid al-fitr holiday in pasuruan, indonesia, sunday.	上周日，在印尼巴苏鲁安，人们在拥挤的泳池中嬉戏，快乐地度过了穆斯林的开斋节。
You're gonna be an asteroid miner? - yeah.	你要做小行星开采者- 没错。
To converted the death sentence into life without parole. 	把死刑改成不得保释的终生监禁 
I don't have you in his book or I would have phoned.	他的本子里没有你的名字，否则我会给您电话。
Given the number of matching repeated base pairs, 	出现重复配对序列的机率， 
He was listed in the city directory as Thomas Howard.	在市政府的名录上他叫做托马斯·霍华德。
If I may steal a moment of your valuable time, 	如果我能占用你们一会儿时间， 
I said not to touch anything. I was trying to relax.	我说过了什么都别碰。我只是想放松一下。
It's like - it's like before the drive - by. Drive - by? 	就像之前有人开车射杀我那次。开车射杀你？ 
Why should large systemically critical financial institutions be allowed to heavily leverage themselves with short-term borrowing?	为何具有系统重要性的大型金融机构就有资格通过短期借款大肆提高自身的杠杆比率？
She drives you crazy. 	她快把你逼疯了。 
Joyce, we got a message here. How come you didn't.... 	乔伊斯，我们有个留言。你怎么能.... 
Now what's with the suit? 	干嘛穿得这么好？ 
In this impotence lies the point of the palestinian occupation.	在巴勒斯坦被占领的那一刻这种无能无力就开始存在了。
To reduce your risk of snakebite, avoid picking up or playing with any snake.	为了减少蛇咬风险，不要拣拾或逗弄蛇。
I gathered the silk from my silkworm friends	我收集了蚕丝
Then the donkey talks to balaam.	然后毛驴对巴兰说话。
I want him. Arm a tactical squad and meet me in my office.	他还活着。，我要抓到他组织一支战术分队，到办公室见我。
And ineffective when compared to the intelligence services 	比利时的情报机关安排无序 
Why would he be lurking outside our house? 	他为什么会躲在我们家外面？ 
He's going back up.	他要飞回去。
My childhood was gone and almost forgotten.	我的童年已过去，记忆也渐渐淡忘。
Perhaps you remember that.	或许你记得此事。
Was card counting at blackjack at the club. 	在那家俱乐部玩21点时算牌。 
He liked ice in his beer, 	他喝啤酒喜欢加冰， 
The bike and I became one. 	我和摩托合二为一了。 
I think I'm more nervous than you are.	我想我比你更紧张。
Let's go to bed. Turn it off. 	我们去床上吧，把它关了。 
Wow. That's all you can save of his stomach? 	哇。你对这家伙的胃能做的就是这么多了？ 
So is unr serious about this defamation suit, or are they just trying to intimidate you?	终极能源是真想告你诽谤还是只想威胁你？
I am me, therefore, I am not you. 	我就是我，所以，我不是你。 
Then I passed out	就人事不知了
Which was extremely influential in my coming of age and coming out,	对我的成长和成熟影响很大，
He took out a life insurance policy.	他拿出一份人身保险单。
Certainly not my mother. 	尤其是我妈。 
This article introduces cps in both of its roles--as a style for non-blocking programming in javascript, and ( briefly) as an intermediate form for a functional language.	本文介绍了cps所扮演的两种角色作为javascript中的一种非阻塞编程风格，以及作为一种功能性语言的中间形式（简要介绍）。
Just the thing to get rid of those pinholes.	正好摆脱那些钉孔的东西。
How the hell did he know we were coming? 	他怎么会知道我们要来？ 
We're just saying - a quiet board means trouble.	我们在说-干净的预告版表示有麻烦。
Poland is a democratic republic.	波兰是一个民主共和国。
Good for appearances. 	很适合装门面。 
Um... He kept Downing drinks. 	他喝一直在喝。 
She had decided she and pal were moving too fast. 	她觉得她和派尔进展太快了。 
We'll be "party tardy," and I'll rk dissing my host. We gotta go.	就会变成“迟到女王，”那样太藐视主人了。我们得快走。
Testing of the amyloid hypothesis began a few years ago with two experimental anti-amyloid drugs, homotaurine and tarenflurbil.	早在几年前，就开始用两种抗体药物homotaurine和tarenflurbil来测试淀粉样蛋白假说。
You're not trying to fuck me again here?	你不会再惹毛我吧？
I take it as a compliment.	我把这当作称赞好了。
You know, I never took your feelings into consideration. 	你知道，我从没顾及到你的感受。 
General aviation covers crop dusters, corporate jets, single-engine training aircraft and cargo aircraft, among other things.	通用航空包括农用飞机，公司专机，单发动机教练机，以及运输机等飞行物。
For the second year in a row, us president barack obama led the ranking, with forbes noting that he won the popular vote, an electoral college majority, and seven of the seven toss-up states in the november election.	美国总统奥巴马是连续第二年登顶这一排行榜，福布斯指出奥巴马在11月大选中赢得了普选，获得了选举团的多数票，还获得了全部七个关键“摇摆州”的支持。
He was holding a cloth that dripped pink drops upon the floor.	他正拿着一块布，布上粉红色的水滴落在地板上。
But when two adults corner a small child.	但两个大人围着一个小孩质问。
Their orbits are often tilted...	它们的轨道通常是倾斜的…
Well, uh, what do you want me to say?	好，呃，你想让我说什么？
One thing happens to that bomb and it goes off, 	如果它爆炸，那只剩一件事情， 
Distinguishes casual users from drug dealers. 	对偶尔吸毒者和毒贩做出了区别 
Everything strapped. 	捆住所有东西。 
What am I, a lumberjack? 	我是谁啊伐木工吗？ 
But he's worse!	但他更糟糕！
Watching it since she got here. 	我就作为局外人看这一切。 
What if I run into the baddies again?	如果又遇到那些坏人,那怎么办呀？
Niagara falls. All that silly tripe. Is this what I've come to?	尼亚加拉河瀑布。都是这么的无聊。这就是为什么我来这里？
Named Mikey Moran was celebrating his birthday	名叫迈奇·莫兰的小男孩在游乐园
No ground floor rooms 	不提供底层房间。 
Guns up here, ammo up here! 	准备好枪，上膛！ 
They sailed brightly painted boats and were known for being excellent divers.	他们乘着漆有明亮色彩的船航行，因为是极好的潜水者而闻名。
No, I need you to redress the mannequins.	不，我需要你给模特换衣服。
It was a cowboy boot in a motel room. 	是在汽车旅馆房间里扔来一双牛仔靴。 
Both driver and passenger swear that they didn't deviate from this route.	司机和乘客都发誓他们没有偏离既定路线
What did you say? - well, it doesn't matter, 	你说了什么？--噢，那有什么关系， 
Just stan. I'm just stan.	斯坦，叫我斯坦就可以了。
They didn't start out playing in the same venues either.	他们甚至在不同的地方开始表演生涯。
You can meet comrade stalin for example, sitting on the common passenger seat of moscow subway.	比如你可以看到斯大林同志，坐在地铁里的普通乘客席上。
Well, that was awful. 	好吧，这糟透了。 
Joy is expressed on the face by contraction of the muscles. 	快乐是通过面部肌肉收缩来表达的。 
Some people will do anything for a piece of land. 	为了土地有些人会不择手段。 
That they no longer love us. 	他们不再爱我们。 
I don't think he'd been here in years.	我觉得他有好几年没来过这儿了。
It just laid in the dark waiting. 	它就躺在暗处等你。 
The Germans are on the run. If the allies keep this up, soon they chase them up to Milan. 	德国人在逃跑。如果盟军保持这个势头，很快他们会把德国人追到米兰。 
Oh no? Come up here keiki, come on.	是吗？上台来小囡，过来。
But honey, I said that we would go. 	但是亲爱的我答应我们要去了。 
Why does he need that? 	他为什么需要这个？ 
This is a great day for Rwanda 	对于卢旺达对于整个非洲来说 
Very good wine, Carl. 	上等的红酒，卡尔。 
Stick close to me in case it gets slippery. 	离我近一些以防万一打滑了。 
We bought a lot of small sabot, ready to go home as decoration.	我们买了很多小木鞋，准备回家来做装饰。
Okay, I'm finished now.	好的，我现在完成了。
I'm dead. You can dig up my corpse 	我都死了。你想的话可以随时 
H e picked it out especially for you. 	他为你选的。 
S o many pessimists! 	有那么多的悲观主义者！ 
Is that you, puss cat? You trapped?	是你吗，小猫咪？你被困住了？
You belong with me and the family... 	你属于我和这个家庭…… 
Okay, so it's a cord, right? So what else do you do with a cord?	好吧，这是根绳子，绳子？还能怎么处理呢？
You're still a good singer 	你还是个好歌手 
I don't have the money to build an eco - center	可我实在是没钱来打造这么一个
We'll make a report on it.	我们打个报告。
Among traditional college students from the highest-income families, the gender gap pretty much disappears.	在来自高收入家庭的传统大学生中,性别差异大部分已消失。
I'm sorry. My life has completely fallen apart, thanks to you, 	抱歉，我的生活完全毁了，多亏了你， 
But I am in desperate need of a spa day... 	但我急需泡个温泉。 
No. No, I do not think that. I don't think that at all.	不,不，我没这么以为，我根本就没这么想。
But I'm not.	但是我是不会借的。
It also helps us out in non-life threatening situations like a boss screaming in your face or possibly fleeing--or getting involved in--a barroom brawl.	这种能力也能够帮助我们游走在一些没有生命威胁的情况下，比如面对老板的怒骂或者逃跑，又或者加入到一场酒吧的争斗中。
Tomorrow... I don't know if I can.	明天…我不知道我是否可以。
Solvent removable dye penetrant testing method.	溶剂去除着色渗透探伤法。
I think there might be something wrong with the dress.	我觉得裙子有些问题。
A matchmaker can also connect like-minded angel investors with each other.	中间人还能实现趣味相投的天使投资人之间的互联。
So you do know the movie. - I know who's in it. 	所以你知道这部电影。- 我知道谁拍的。 
As a result, thousands of websites and apps have essentially become satellites that orbit around facebook.	结果，成千上万个网站和应用像卫星一样，围绕着Facebook运行。
With young people likely to switch jobs frequently, "there is a fine line between what is effective training and what is overkill," says lavelle.	由于年轻人可能会频繁跳槽，“有效培训和过度培训只有一线之差，”拉威尔表示。
Fax services, nominal fee applies 	提供传真服务，象征性收费。 
Huh, Brian? 	嗯，布莱恩？ 
Introductions lead to conversations 	介绍产生交流 
I've shown you ways to confuse and trap your opponent. 	我将教你如何迷惑对手并让对方掉入陷阱。 
I ask that you do not make any sudden movements and do exactly as I say. 	千万别轻举妄动照我说的做。 
He urged the waiter again and again to take good care of me, but still did not quite trust him. He hesitated for quite a while about what to do.	他再三嘱咐茶房，甚是仔细。但他终于不放心，怕茶房不妥贴，颇踌躇了一会。
Generally slipping would occur at the inner race because the outer race provided the greatest conformity.	一般来说，由于外圈具有最大的共曲性，滑动常常发生在内圈滚道上。
This will only accelerate, he said, as network speeds improve and smartphone penetration grows globally.	田中良和说，随着网速的提升和智能手机在全球范围内的普及，这种趋势只会加速发展。
It's just I can't remember a time -  	只是我不记得我们哪一次会 -  
60 - yearYear - old English Ivy!	六十多年的常春藤！
I'm sure we'll be seeing each other again.	我相信我们还会再见面的。
She's in love with a ghost she sees murders that don't happen.	她爱上了一个鬼魂她见证了一场不曾发生过的谋杀。
That's terrible. Shen Yue is a dear friend. 	太糟糕了。沈是我的好朋友。 
You are... A dreadful liar.	你真是... 一个让人恶心的骗子。
Well... Sounds like you've been giving it some serious thought. 	噢... 听起来你慎重考虑过。 
To redeem the chips.	兑现这些筹码。
All patients begin as storytellers, the oncologist siddhartha mukherjee observes near the start of this powerful and ambitious first book.	临近动笔写这本影响深远且雄心勃勃的著作时，肿瘤学家希达塔穆克吉观察到，所有的病人都是以说书人的身份开始的。
Then she was having doubts about the engagement, and I told her, "hey, you know, look at my life". 	她对订婚忧心忡忡我跟她说，”嘿看看我的生活”。 
Well, Bartley "told" them to fix the copier. 	是巴特利"命令" 他们去修复印机的。 
All teams, proceed to 15th and Channing, Granada hills. 	所有人员，目标第15街，克纳多山。 
Because you have to understand, Frank, none of this Isreal. 	因为你必须理解，弗兰克。 
I'm selfish? 	你们说我自私？ 
Being reported to me on a daily basis, I began to change my	我开始改变我的想法
Your mind, too. Answers come fast without thinking.	你的脑筋动得。也越来越快。
My honor. My family. My country.	我有尊严。我有家庭。我有祖国。
You don't want to be short your whole life, do you?	你们不想一辈子做个矮子吧？
Cool. Maybe I'll see you later?	酷也许我们待会再见?
How ilove you peaceful eyes on me.	何等喜欢谛视我的安好的双眼。
Tensions over europe's austerity drive bubbled to the surface across the continent as protesters hit the streets from brussels to madrid and a visiting u. s.official urged europeans to tread carefully on fiscal belt-tightening.	欧洲紧缩措施引发的紧张气氛在欧洲大陆充分显露，从布鲁塞尔到马德里，抗议者涌上了街头，一位到访的美国官员敦促欧洲在财政紧缩的问题上谨慎从事。
You think I kill her? 	你认为是我杀了她？ 
Yes! Thanks to you I remember everything!	对！多亏你我全想起来了！
Take care of rostrapovich. 	好好照顾罗斯特洛波维奇。 
Let's get it dug up.	咱们把它挖出来。
Like, uh, telling me about yourself, 	例如，呃，说说你自己， 
Highlight integrity,	强调整体性，
Interest in the race snowballed in recent weeks and a number of high-profile mainland businessmen decided to travel to taiwan to see the contest up close.	对于选战的兴趣在最近几周像滚雪球般地爆发式增长，有很多知名大陆商人决定亲临台湾近距离目击竞选过程。
Legitimacy affirmed judgment and validity affirmed judgment violate the principle of no trial without complaint and deviate from the purpose of administrative litigation.	确认合法、有效判决违反不告不理原则，且与行政诉讼的目的相背。
I thought I already answered your questions.	我觉得我已经回答完你们的问题了。
The bait, a mealworm, is located precisely by sonar,	作为诱饵的虫子，被准确地用声纳找到，
No, it's just a matter of time before you succumb too.	不，你发病只是时间问题。
I've been in charge of the case, matter of fact. 	实际上是我负责这个案子。 
Hey, guys, we're leaving in ten minutes. Did you hear me? 	嘿，伙计们，我们十分钟后出发。都听到了没有？ 
Preoccupied with your ex-wife's romantic attachments? 	依旧对你前妻的浪漫往事念念不忘？ 
We will find someone who does.	我们迟早也能找到个爱你的人。
The industry grew a record 67% last year, when enough solar capacity was added to power 2 00000 homes, according to the solar energy industries association ( seia), an industry group.	根据太阳能行业协会（seia）的数据，去年太阳能行业增长率为67%，使美国有足够的能力向20万个家庭提供电力。
Blind him black, boy! Blind him black!	把他戳瞎，黑鬼！戳瞎他！
Huh, all in the same boat then. 	又到一条船上来了。 
Never tell a pregnant woman she's fat. 	千万别对一个孕妇说肥胖。 
And now you want me to get out of here	现在你想让我在这里取出来
All right, we got the money. Eighty grand, cash.	开始吧，我们带钱过来了。八万。现金。
There are dozens of congenital conditions	有很多先天性疾病
In a convenient pre-packaged 12 pack. 	方便的12条装。 
I'm kind of surprised that Joe's still here at this stage of the game.	我有点惊讶乔竟然还在这个舞台上。
To love and to cherish from this day forward, 	从今天起去爱和珍惜， 
You really think I can do this?	你真的认为我可以办到？
You guys still do that? 	你们还做这个？ 
Is it true that the choirmaster's biggest Cr	唱诗班最引以为豪的事
I am not sweating. 	我没有在流汗。 
I didn't really want Tom but I picked one up and eafed through it	我不是很想，但我还是拿了一本看
You know your granny	你知道你奶奶的。
The motherless children were starved of affection.	没娘的孩子极需要爱。
Well, he called to make sure it was okay  	他打电话问我这样可不可以 
Let us know you are all right? 	报个平安？ 
Who was the qing dynasty artist who intentionally created the chinese calligraphic work "no urinating anywhere" to stop people from selling his work?	为了不让自己的字被人拿去变卖，而故意写了「不可随处小便」的清代艺术家是谁？
Take samples from both. 	两只眼睛都取样。 
You go and watch 	你过去看着 
She is fooling you, stupid! Your stuff is fake	你被人骗了，笨旦！你的东西是假的
Yet one is clearly a positive for the american economy, the other a negative.	但前一种发展很明显对美国经济有利，另一种则对美国经济不利。
I like the opening. 	我喜欢开头。 
My chicken.	我的鸡肉。
No, it's me, norm, just a reminder about the party tonight.	不是我，诺，我想提醒你来参加今晚的派对。
Would appear in this rotunda?	会出现在这个大厅里呢？
They killed my father, Jim.	他们杀了我父亲，吉姆。
You're really good at this whole fake relationship thing.	你真是很擅长搞假绯闻呢。
Why must you celebrate, when the whole world is crying?	你为甚么一定要庆祝，当全球正在哭泣的时候？
So I'm sorry, till we're up and running, deaf, dumb, and blind. 	抱歉在我们恢复正常运行之前听不到联系不到看不到。 
I think you will be safer out there.	我觉得你还是待在外面比较安全。
Do you mind if I chat up your life partner for a hot minute? 	介意我跟你的好基友聊会儿么？ 
He felt one should not expose oneself politically,	他觉得不应该投身于政治，
Cos I Haven't got around to it. 	因为我不想就这样了。 
Okay, as near as I can tell, he's riding ahead to bring back a repair group.	好吧，据我所知，他得骑着去找维修队来。
Oh, my God! Two hundred and sixty pounds! 	噢，天哪！两百六十磅！ 
Wait! Stop it! 	停车！等等！ 
Does walking to the bus stop count?	那么走到巴士站算是吗？
How do you feel? Like I failed. 	你感觉如何令人失望。 
So I wrote this song to make you feel better as corny as that sounds.	我写这首歌是希望你们开心点挺普通一歌。
We're actually undergoing a scheduled war defense test. 	实际上我们正在进行一场安排好的战争防御测试。 
Got everything you need? Locked and loaded. 	东西你都带了吗子弹已上膛都准备好了。 
Polly, listen to me. We've got some road block signs outside. 	波莉，你听我说。外面有些路障告示牌。 
You know what's fun? Fun questions.	你知道什么是有趣的嘛？当然是有趣的问题啦。
Good. So maybe you can send him a postcard from Shanghai.	好。那么你可以从上海给他寄明信片了。
And if humans go to Mars 	如果人类登陆火星 
I disabled the network connection	在我们穿过星门之前
All right, I'll see you then. 	好，到时候见。 
Because I saw him kill her.	因为我看见他杀了那个女孩。
Why are you nervous? 	为什么你会紧张？ 
doesn't sound like you have anything keeping you here.	听起来你在这没什么可留恋的。
Shadow bank account, movement patterns. A guardian should have been here.	影子银行账户行动模式这里应该有个守护者。
Next, the side chooses in the form of a drug, can be aimed at current situation of guesthouse, restaurant, use glue to hang agent or eject agent, undertake assault big range sprays destroy zhang, with destroy zhang poison bait or electuary undertake consolidating destroying zhang.	其次，在剂型选择方面，可针对宾馆、饭店近况，利用胶悬剂或喷射剂，进行突击大范围喷洒灭蟑，用灭蟑毒饵或膏剂进行巩固灭蟑。
A Renaissance painting.	一幅文艺复兴时期的绘画。
Here is what's gonna happen, dimples.	弄清楚状况好不好酒窝男。
Do you have any of your brother's personal effects? 	你还有你弟弟的私人物品吗？ 
Chapter two of your father's story has yet to be written.	你父亲的人生第二个篇章还没写呢。
It was a heaven for women that needed to heal 	对于一个受伤的女人来说那里是一篇乐土 
Copacabana and other nearby beaches will host a cluster of water and cycling sports, along with beach volleyball.	里约著名的科帕卡巴纳海滩以及其他邻近的海滩将会举办一系列水上项目和自行车比赛，以及沙滩排球。
Munchausen's patients create symptoms, not names.	吹牛的病人只会模仿病情，而不是别人的名字。
The syringe that we found at the hotel does not seem to have come from the victim's apartment. 	旅店里发现的注射器看来并非来自受害者公寓。 
Gentlemen. The fact is, the boy is here and he's alive and he needs our help. 	先生们。事实是，这孩子就在这活着而且需要我们帮助。 
But really interesting once you got to know him. 	但如果你了解他的话就会发现他是个很有趣的人。 
I've been talking to this stupid phone for two days now, and you are in your own world. 	我已经和这电话讲了两天话而你一直沉浸在自己世界里。 
You didn't. I quit. 	你没有。我辞职了。 
As the child of the revered general who had vanquished the colonial british suu kyi thought she might have the authority to prevent further clashes.	考虑到父亲昂山将军曾带领国家摆脱英国殖民统治而广受爱戴，昂山素季试图利用自己的威望防止冲突恶化。
We put it more graphically before but that's fine.	我们之前是用矩阵说明的不过也可以。
But it will be important when your kids hit their universities. 	但我能确定对你们的孩子将来考取大学非常重要。 
What's she in for? Embezzlement.	她犯什么罪？挪用公款。
What the.. They understand Hindi! 	什么.. 她们听得懂印地语！ 
Yeah. I lifted your credit card. 	是啊。我拿了你的信用卡。 
Starting to be tough.	你的苦日子要开始了。
Cassie, if you're free, 	凯茜如果你有空， 
I'm going to finish her nice and slow. 	我要慢慢地把她折磨到死。 
Extraction of catnip essential oil components and their repellent activity against aedes albopictus and culex pipien pallens.	猫薄荷精油有效成分的提取及其对白纹伊蚊、淡色库蚊的驱避活性。
Out you go. What did you say? 	出去。你刚才说什么？ 
Well, the wave, the sheer sound wave 	好了，那声浪，纯粹的声浪 
I think that it... 	我学到了…… 
It's like everything else. 	就像其他所有事一样。 
That's pretty much how you've always seen the world. 	你大部分时候也是这么看这个世界的。 
He says your source inside the FSB has proven quite valuable to the cause.	他说你在俄罗斯联邦安全局的线人很有价值。
The crew died at sea.	他们死在海里了。
It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.	因为那些皮带不能用干衣机甩干。
Our orders were to target specific arms dealers in the region. 	我们的命令是盯紧该地区的几名军火贩子。 
Millions of people obviously enjoy these recommendation systems 	数百万人显然在享用这些推荐系统 
Is that where you met Mitch?	你在那里认识米契的吗？
I have a surprise for you tomorrow. I'm gonna pick you up at 5:00.	明天给你个惊喜。五点来接你。
I don't know what that is. Must be some sort of rush at the book drop. 	我也不知道。大概书掉下来的声音吧。 
I just focus on the case.	我只是专注办案。
Any honor in that? Huh? Foreign products on it. 	有荣誉吗？唔？外国货。 
Spray athlete's foot medicine in your teammates' eyes. 	把运动员的脚用药物喷在队友眼里。 
Mmm, yes. It won't be difficult. 	嗯。对。不是什么难事。 
Oh, no. You don't have to do that.	你不必跟我一起。
Banks are quick to demand their pound of flesh when overdrafts run a little over the limit.	透支稍微超出限额时，银行便会很快要求归还欠款。
Ugh, Lil 'bitch, you can't host a rager looking like that. 	小贱妞穿成这样怎么能行。 
Thanks again for the sandwich and stuff '	再次感谢你的这些吃的
If there are side effects to using the power glove, 	如果“拳神手套”有副作用， 
Oh hey. We're just gonna freshen up 	哦嘿。在找松菌的人回来之前 
I ordered some blood work.	我叫人给她验血了。
He's ex-special forces. 	他从前是特种兵。 
Is that all you got? - what? 	你就这点本事？- 什么？ 
The great power concert that franklin roosevelt established at the u. n. security council similarly foundered on ideological conflict.	罗斯福在联合国安理会建立起的大国间的协调也同样是建立在意识形态层面的冲突上。
Tell the Colonel he needs to get back to his ship. 	告诉上校需要回到他的飞船上去了。 
Spring is a tree planting season.	春天是一个种树的季节。
I'm not about caring. I'm about winning. 	我不关心客户。我只关心能不能赢 
Battery life is touted as 6.5 hours.	电池的续航能力据说是6.5小时。
Bye, y 'all! Bye - bye!	再见了，你们俩！再见！
We should leave this place. It's not safe here. 	我们应该离开这里。这里不安全。 
Hey, don't apologize. I like difficult women.	别道歉。我喜欢难对付的女人。
The threat of such sanctions seems to have grabbed the attention of many atlanta teachers: one elementary-school principal not only directed teachers to cheat, but also ordered low-scoring teachers to crawl under the table during faculty meetings.	似乎该法令的威胁效益抓住了许多亚特兰大老师的所有注意力：一所小学的校长不仅指引老师作弊，而且在教师会议期间，命令成绩差的学生趴在桌子下面进行偷听。
You always meet again. Wait and see. Ludo, let's go. 	别让我再看见你。否则走着瞧。路多，走吧。 
Is what most people fight for.	才是大多数人奋斗的目标。
Little I feel, hard working, kind-hearted, sociable, the rooms get in the kitchen was the best candidate.	小我感受、任劳任怨、心地善良、待人随和、出得厅房进得厨房的为最佳人选。
So you think they're doing the public a service?	那你认为他们是在为民除害?
I can't hear you! I'll call you later, okay?	我听不见！一会儿再给你电话？
Any witness? The only witness is it's owner. 	有目击者吗？只有它的主人。 
Her liver failure is getting worse.	她的肝脏功能衰竭越发严重了。
I said "laxed." Laxed, not relaxed.	我说的是“别搞飞机。”别搞飞机，不是放轻松。
I just stopped trying to get these a long time ago. 	只是好久以前就不争取了。 
I know what you're doing. I know what you're doing. 	我知道你做什么。我知道你做什么。 
I mean, even a little bit 	我是说，哪怕是小小的爆炸 
Yeah. Oh! I got your test results.	我拿到你的检测结果了。
And jesus in answer said to them, truly I say to you, if you have faith, without doubting, not only may you do what has been done to the fig-tree, but even if you say to this mountain, be taken up and put into the sea, it will be done.	耶稣回答说，我实在告诉你们，你们若有信心，不疑惑，不但能行无花果树上所行的事，就是对这座山说，你挪开此地，投在海里，也必成就。
He cannot afford to send his son to college.	他负担不起送他儿子上大学。
Is there any way to make this more middle eastern?	怎样能让这部片有中东味？
Enough to drive you wild.do you like wild things?	足以让你好好狂野一下你喜欢狂野吗？
At the csrc, mr shang took cautious steps to introduce significant reforms to stock and futures markets despite considerable volatility in chinese and global equity markets during his tenure.	尚福林在担任证监会主席期间，虽然中国乃至全球股市大幅波动，但他还是采取了一些谨慎的步骤，在股票和期货市场推行重大改革。
Anyway, you don't have a choice. Robb's waiting. 	反正你也没得选。罗柏在等着。 
Namely alive. 	活着出去。 
But it does involve two of his loves: robots and music.	其中包含两项他的爱好：机器人和音乐。
I came out of my apartment - a couple of us came out. 	我从我的公寓出来很多人都出来看看怎么回事。 
You said up at the cabin that	在小木屋的时候
Whenever that is lost or taken away,	一旦失去或被夺走，
Definitely. Let me tell Laura that I'm gonna go.	当然，我告诉劳拉一声我们去哪。
Well, that makes sense. Second? 	意料之中第2通呢？ 
I thought that he deserved a chance.	我觉得应该给他活下去的机会。
Look, I know I've asked this before, but are you sure you two aren't sleeping together?	听着，我知道我问过了，但你俩真的没睡一起吗？
It's "dragon's lair.	是" 龙之巢穴" 游戏。
The good news is, I may have got the rift blaster working again.	好消息是我可能让裂缝发射器再一次工作了。
How dare you? Sarah? 	你好无耻啊？对莎拉下手？ 
Please. don't let them forget. 	拜托。不要让他们忘了这点。 
Reword a telegram to save money.	改写电文以节省费用。
I think they? Re objective.	我以为它们挺客观的。
Someone's checking her out.	有人在看着她。
For the poor, she says... 	她说是为那些穷人… 
Um, am I the only one that's terrified?	不是只有我害怕吧？
Jesus Christ, you think she was really gonna cut you. 	上帝，你真以为她会割你。 
Psychologists at radboud university in the netherlands carried out the study after one of them was so struck on impressing an attractive woman he had never met before, that he could not remember his address when she asked him where he lived.	荷兰内梅亨大学的心理学家们作此研究缘起他们中的一位在与一个从未谋面的美女搭讪时遇到了麻烦，当她问起他住哪时，他居然忘记了自己的住址！
I've got an eariy call tomorrow.	明天早上，我得早起。
One God, forever and ever. Amen. 	唯一及永存的上帝，阿门。 
Nasb: "therefore I said to the sons of israel, 'no person among you may eat blood, nor may any alien who sojourns among you eat blood.	因此我对以色列人说：你们都不可吃血，寄居在你们中间的外人也不可吃血。
You on the housekeeping schedule for those rooms. 	我就安排你去相应房间做清理工作。 
Sometimes I think all the english speakers should be committed to an asylum for the verbally insane.	有时我以为所有讲英语的人都应该为疯言疯语的人提供一个收容所。
Anna Holtz, do you know what you mean to me? 	安娜，你可知你对我来说的意义？ 
We just came by to grab some of your famous magical fungi and we were gonna roll. 	我们只是来买你著名的魔幻蘑菇马上就走。 
Hey, guys, let's start unpacking. 	孩子们来把东西搬下车。 
And they're quite silent. 	宠物也不会说话。 
Difficult? I am a monster!	伤人？我是个怪物！
Analogue method of aerological temperature and pressure fields of spring hailfall's short-range forecast in guizhou.	贵州春季冰雹短期预报的高空温压场相似法。
Need I remind you this is French territory, not Belgian? 	我要提醒你这是法国地界而不是比利时地界? 
Last week, you may have heard, we launched twitter feeds in arabic and farsi, adding to the ones we already have in french and spanish.	你们可能已经听说，上周，我们在原有的法语和西班牙语之外，又推出了阿拉伯语和波斯语的推特简讯（twitter feed）。
She was just arrested by the department of domestic security.	她刚被国家安全局的人逮捕了。
Aw, are you shitting me? This dude ain't right.	啊，你玩我？这家伙不对劲。
Hello, 911. What is your emergency? 	你好，911。请问你有什么紧急情况？ 
And we love you, but the wheels are in motion. 	我们爱你，但羊已如虎口。 
Orgnaization of social insurance agency wants appropriate to arrange time of test and verify, examine data of concerned certificate, proof seriously, exact record proves result case.	社会保险经办机构要妥善安排验证时间，认真查验有关证件、证实材料，准确记载查验结果情况。
Hmm. if you feel so strongly about family.	如果你对家庭感情如此之深。
What can you do by yourself?	你一个人能做什么呢？
we are now engineering our foods.	我们掌握了改良食物的方法。
The other senators laughed at your dinner invitations, 	其他的长老们则嘲笑你的宴席， 
She wanted justice.	他要工整。
You pay for it ahead of time.	你提前付钱。
I'm analyzing drug trafficking through the Panama canal.	我分析是把毒品通过巴拿马运河运送出去。
Yes, it's wrong. 	是的，是不对。 
Come on. No -  Let's just leave it. 	拜托，不 - 我们别管了。 
For ruining your chances at NYU,	为我毁掉了你上纽约大学的机会抱歉，
We're investigating the zodiac murders in San Francisco and Vallejo.	我们在调查旧金山和瓦列霍的十二宫杀手谋杀案。
In the morning he meditated for an hour, then he said his mass, either at the cathedral or in his own house.	早晨，他静修一个钟头，再念他的弥撒经，有时在天主堂里，有时在自己的经堂里。
I believe you. OK? You work for the devil.	我相信你了。好么？你在给撒旦打工。
And I know the Brazilian's gonna try to take it. 	我知道巴西佬也准备抢那位置。 
Now these are the people who are really making things happen in america, because they invest in the new young talent, the zuckerbergs and the like.	现在，正是这些人在掌握着美国，因为他们都把钱投给像扎克伯格这样的年轻天才身上。
If we do nothing and wait, we shall be tortured, raped, murdered, eaten. 	如果我们坐以待毙，那么等待我们的将是被折磨，被蹂躏，被杀害被吃掉。 
I guess that's what survival is, 	想活下去就要这样， 
No, your Majesty. I... 	不，陛下，我…… 
Well, so is extraterrestrial life, but... 	所以它们要活抓孩子，但是… 
I sincerely hope it was worth it.	我真诚希望你这样做值得。
EV? Five minutes.	伊芙？就待五分钟。
You want me to testify at his bail hearing? 	你希望我在他的保释听证会上作证？ 
Outgoing, like saying "nice." That's very fitting. 	友好，听上去不错。很合适的词。 
Microwave digestion method was used for the pre treatment of samples from resid gel permeation chromatography ( gpc), which was proven no loss on volatile components and less contamination.	研究表明微波密闭消解法对重油凝胶色谱制备样品的前处理,不造成易挥发有机金属化合物的损失,对样品无污染。
When you wake in the morning, the naughtiness and evil passions with which you went to bed have been folded up small and placed at the bottom of your mind and on the top, beautifully aired, are spread out your prettier thoughts, ready for you to put on.	你清早醒来时，临睡时揣着的那些顽皮念头和坏脾气都给叠得小小的，压在你心思的底层。而在上面，平平整整摆着你的那些美好念头，等你去穿戴打扮起来。
Get on your knees and thank her for solving a crime you couldn't solve.	你应该跪下来谢谢她才对。
If I told you I came across a piece of evidence	我刚才从一个地方来
You always ask what'll happen to the kids...	你总是问孩子们怎么办...
The law prohibits companies from disclosing "personally identifiable information," including rental history, about any consumer, except in some special cases, such as for law enforcement investigations — or else they can be sued.	该法案禁止公司透露与用户相关的任何“个人识别信息”，例如租赁记录等，除非法律调查等特殊情况，否则将面临起诉。
Okay. - all right. Come on.	好的。—快走。
Dominate and the floor thrillingly reaching right up into the vaults. 	从地面直接升向拱顶。 
You don't have probable cause. 	你没有杀人动机的证据。 
After everything else you ingest, you're worried about water?	你吃过这么多食物了现在来担心饮用水?
And I understand you're also going to be going to los angeles and maybe even taking in a lakers game. So I hope you enjoy that very much.	就我所知，您还将去洛杉矶，甚至还有可能看一场湖人队的比赛，我希望您欣赏比赛。
Oh, man. Oh, Oh, Oh, man. Oh,man. 	哦，天哪。哦，哦，天哪。 
like a flaming golden hawk: 	像燃烧的金色夜鹰： 
He was so unrepentant. 	他是那么义无反顾。 
Collect an inheritance. 	去继承一些遗产。 
Uh, I never spoke to him. 	我从没和他说过话。 
Well, it was the right instinct. This man was oxygen - deprived. 	哦，那是本能的反应。这老兄是缺氧了。 
What if the children that you save from abortion 	你们从堕胎罪孽中拯救出的那些孩子们当中 
There was also a sharp jump in fundraising by the big buyout groups, which have triggered controversy in some countries, particularly the uk, with takeover bids for some of the continent's largest listed companies.	大型收购集团的筹资额也有大幅跃升，再加上一些对欧洲大陆最大型上市公司的收购，这一现象在一些国家（特别是英国）引发了争论。
In armenian mythology, ays is an evil demon and the personification of the wind.	亚美尼亚神话愁恶魔,是邪恶的化身风.
Well, there's always surgery. To do what?	好吧，手术总能解决的。做什么？
The bank last week reported net income for 2009 of 5bn but did not break out regional numbers.	该银行上周公布，2009年实现净利润50亿欧元，但没有披露分地区数据。
And we're making a monster with four legs. 	我们制造一只四脚兽。 
Like the fellow that shot Wheeler. 	下场和杀派特的凶手一样。 
You had 15 years, Martin. Nathan, this is not the time for that. 	我给了你15年了，马丁内森，现在不是时候说这个了。 
Either an Olympic gymnast who busted her leg, 	她要么是个摔断了腿的前奥林匹克体操选手， 
My granddad brought me to see you. 	我夜夜带我来看你。 
Walmart released a statement yesterday on the incident in dazhou, but not on recalls in beijing.	沃尔玛昨日发布了一份有关达州事件的声明，但没有对北京的产品下架表态。
I'm sorry he didn't choose you. I am. 	很抱歉没选你。是我。 
If the storm keeps it dark enough, I might be able to go out during the day, 	如果暴风雨能让外面足够昏暗，我或许可以白天外出， 
I'm not trying on underwear for you.	你不想穿给你看。
Another 79 UAC employees are on site. 	另外79位员工仍在基地。 
I am very impressed.	我觉得非常棒。
Is the love still there? 	当初的爱还在吗？ 
I didn't have much to sell. 	我没有什么要卖。 
I know that there's a lot to work out logistically, but... 	我知道这样做会令人费解，但是... 
And you want to find out what it is. 	你想知道玄妙的地方在哪儿。 
Why didn't they refinance? 	他们为什么没这么做？ 
You are not gonna believe what I just found.	你一定不会相信我找到了什么。
Yeah, I had no cell all day. I got like 25 messages!	对，我整天手机都没有信号收到25条信息了！
I have a clear schedule.	日程表都记得很清楚。
You got identified.	有人指认你。
And the bad blood culminated 	双方之间的敌意达到了高潮 
Bye, mom. See you, Emma.	再见，妈妈。再见埃玛。
I lost my dignity, I lost my house, 	我失去了我的尊严、房子， 
President barrack obama and mitt romney are both looking for his hispanic votes in florida.	总统巴拉克奥巴马和米特罗姆尼都在佛罗里达州寻求西班牙裔选民的支持。
We had warm milk, and we watched cartoons, 	有热牛奶看了，卡通片， 
The upper lateral region of the abdomen, marked by the lower ribs.	季肋部腹部的上方侧面区，由下面的肋骨所限制。
Let me guess - phase two is human trials.	我来猜猜第二阶段包含了人类试验。
I've caused you so much suffering in your human life, 	你做人的时候我让你这么痛苦， 
Anything. I could use a log or...... 	什么都行。木头啥的...... 
I'm not looking for a date.	我不是在和人约会。
Hey, I tried. Anybody could see the choices I had. 	嘿，我试过了。大家都可以看到我能有的选择。 
Why'd you throw the fight?	你为什么放弃比赛呢？
I just didn't know you were criminally stupid. 	只是没想到你犯罪也这么傻。 
Underground garage and ground parking lot can be offerred in all more than 500 car.	二层地下停车库及地面停车场可供给共500余个停车位。
You're just acting like you don't know, right? 	你只是故意装做不知道的，对吧？ 
But my brother - in - law's been pulled from the sea dead, 	但我的小舅子从海里捞上来死了， 
If you go to Vince Collins and ask him a series of questions... 	如果你去问文斯柯林斯一堆问题… 
So get off your high horse. Leave the woman alone. 	所以请放下你的架子。别为难这个女人了。 
I mean, it's not like it's not going to happen again next year 	我是说，每一年都是同样的重复着 
A victim of a bad diet and old age.	最终因为年迈和不良的饮食而死亡。
From the velvet worm that dates back some 600 million years, 	从大约6亿年前的天鹅绒虫 
I told you, you're a loser, just like your old man.	我说过，你是个废物，就跟你爸爸一样。
He's just a guy I know. 	只是我认识的一个人。 
Let me have the IRA. 	把爱尔兰共和军交给我。 
I'm a catch. Or... Is there another guy?	我很不错的哦。除非... 你还喜欢别人？
Your father deserved it, you know.	你父亲是咎由自取
Yeah? I'm vice chair of the green team.	是吗？我还是环保小组的副主席。
Always, her anger is frost. 	她平息了愤怒。 
Is it a girl? 	是一个女孩吗？ 
That's right. I'm bored too. 	好啊。我也很无聊。 
Hey, listen, babe, I'm ducking into a meeting. 	宝贝，我要去开会了。 
You promise you'll make this one. Promise? Promise! 	你保证过这次会去的。好吗？我保证！ 
It is not the only bookshop on the mainland that is struggling.	在内地，苦苦支撑的书店并非仅此一家。
Mr. saverio says that nearly every client asks him to create a ready-to-wear line for everyday wear.	萨维里奥说，几乎每一位客户都让他创立一个日常穿着的成衣系列。
I'm never gonna be able to dance	我再也不能跳舞了
I wish we had a bigger rocket. I hear that. 	希望我们能有个大点的火箭。同意。 
don't be intimidated, sir. 	别感到惊讶，先生。 
How long has it been in there? 	它在里面有多久了？ 
Sounds legit to me. 	我听着很确凿。 
What about the secretary general? 	秘书长到了吗？ 
And getting their present and. I don't know.	他们拿了礼物然后我也不知道怎么回事。
The Germans have lost, everyone knows. 	德国人已经失败了，人人都知道。 
cause from what I see, you've spent the last nine and a half years avoiding real relationships.	因为就我看来你过去的九年半一直在逃避真正的交往。
LI thought you'd be younger. That's all.	我只是原以为你更年轻。就这个。
I know you're eager to wear the crown. But trust me when I tell you, you're not yet ready. 	我知道你急于登上王位。但是我说你还不够火候就不够火候。 
Criminal types. Those were his words.	一副罪犯相。这些都是他的原话。
Casher: sorry, sir, it's my job to make sure.	收银员:对不起,先生,我的职责。
I feel like a leper on this tribe, I do. 	我觉得我在这部落里就是祸水，真的。 
We can't afford to wait. You know what's out there. 	我们等不及了。你知道外面会发生什么。 
I've lost a shoe have you seen it anywhere? 	我丢了一只鞋你看到了吗？ 
Wants to coach the soccer team 	希望能成为足球队教练 
Stanley goodspeed: why didn't you just tell them were the microfilm was and create a solution	斯坦利：你为什不直接告诉他们，是缩影胶片，并且创造了一种溶液？
Under its proposal, mrp would work with officials to identify mortgages ripe for seizure; at first, only homeowners who were up-to-date on their repayments would be eligible.	该计划一旦实施，mrp将同政府官员一起确定并挑选出适合进行征收的抵押贷款；首先，只有那些按时还款的房屋所有人具有被征收的资格。
Those research shows that geographic isolation plays a more important role than genetic isolation in the phyogenesis of abies.	研究表明：在冷杉属树种的系统进化过程中，地理隔离比遗传隔离发挥了更大的作用。
And now that he has, I couldn't be happier. 	但既然他已经说了我实在非常高兴。 
You can call me jess. Ok if I call you tanya?	你可以叫我杰西我叫你坦妮亚行吗？
Get these cameras out of here, now! Move it! 	把摄像机都拿走！快点！ 
Half of the world's cash reserve? Impossible.	一半储备？没可能。
You find that funny? She's an urban legend, sir. 	你觉得有趣？她是个传奇人物，先生。 
Shred a simple reminder of a dinner appointment?	会撕掉一张毫不起眼的请柬？
Usually the apologies run the other way.	一般都是我向你道歉。
I passed a grounds keeping room on the way to the roof. 	我去屋顶的时候经过园艺管理室。 
And all of a sudden he's a crook? 	突然他就成了偷车贼了？ 
The moral imperative of freedom is reasserting itself, and not just among the limited circles of pro-democracy activists and intellectuals.	自由道德的当务之急是重新焕发生机，而不仅仅是在民主活动家和知识分子的小圈子里流传。
There you go with that 'mind of your own' thing again. You have to go first 	你又" 自己拿主意" 了你。必须先过去 
O Lord! I ducked thrice. Make me pass this time! 	噢上帝！我会跪下祈祷三次。这次就让我及格吧！ 
Since we're all pitching in, may I suggest a provision?	既然大家都参与其中我能提一条条款么？
If you feel so deeply-of course it isn't puppy love.	如果你的感情这样深那当然不是闹着玩。
How do you do? Very well at the moment, 	你好吗？此时此刻非常好， 
For this reason, this article first "montage" and "practices" and "functional" and "the basic type of" sparse and explain the rationale, the root of the problem.	基于此，本文首先对“蒙太奇”及其“手法”、“功能”、“基本类型”进行疏理与阐释，正本清源。
Pull them off the bed. Come on.	一起抱起来走吧。快点。
I'd like to offer manslaughter right now.	我建议以非蓄谋杀人罪跟检方谈交易。
I want a receipt. 	我要收据。 
Only one man can save the day. 	只有一个人能拯救世界。 
I am the champion! I won! 	我是冠军！我赢了！ 
I Haven't been able to sleep the past few nights just thinking about it. 	想着这件事过去的几天我都睡不着。 
Well, it has been almost 12 hours since we last saw each other, so...	离我们上次见面差不多过了12小时了。
Oh, you can't give up on that. 	哦，你可不能抛却这等男人。 
I mean, out, in, see, it's easy.	你看进去出来看到了吗，多简单啊。
Hey, green lady. 	你好，树小姐。 
Not anymore, honey. 	别再聊了，宝贝。 
He brought them all last night. Every house in the street. 	他昨晚给街上每家人都分了馅饼。 
don't worry, I'm gonna be with you every step of the way - me and this.	别担心，我会寸步不离你身边-我和我的枪。
Deserve to have ladder of 6 professional goods.	配有六台专业货梯。
That's grounds for intercourse with "none of your business.	晚餐花费不能少于50美元这是最基本的。
You - you didn't say five words at dinner.	晚饭时你一直沉默少言。
It's been so long since I dreamed of a man. 	从我梦见一个男人以来已经过了好长时间了。 
She always said she was holding out for her dream man. 	她总说在等她的白马王子回来。 
Enjoy a continental breakfast that includes a variety of hot and cold options, fresh fruit and juices, and 100 percent Arabica coffee. 	请享用美味的欧式早餐，包括热点和冷冻食品、新鲜水果和果汁、和100%阿拉比卡咖啡。 
Lebanon is simply scared of hizbullah's paymaster. The position of turkey, which is becoming a little too fond of spanner-throwing ( see article), and brazil is at first sight more solid: they say that the resolution has sunk both the chance of talks with iran and their own plan to remove uranium.	黎巴嫩只是害怕国内的真主党起来作乱；土耳其越来越喜欢搅局，乍一看其和巴西的立场更为坚定：他们表示这份决议搞垮了与伊朗进行会谈的机会和他们设想的去铀计划。
Linked to: landing page encouraging donations to red cross relief efforts.	指向内容：登陆页面，鼓励用户为红十字会救灾工作捐款
She must like the intelectual type. But she had the hots for you.	她一定喜欢这个类型。但是她对你有热望。
Courts and pitches for soccer, tennis, softball, and mini-golf are all located within Bud Miller All Seasons Park. 	足球场、网球场、类球场和微型高尔夫场都在Bud Miller四季公园里。 
Who I have dinner with is none of your business. 	我和谁吃饭不关你们的事。 
Whoever is doing this has thought of everything.	他们想得非常周全。
The fluid collection isn't blood, it's pus. She's got a raging infection.	吸出物不是血，是脓液。她是急性感染。
Oh, God, no! Calm down, it's all right. 	哦，上帝，不！安静，没事的。 
It comprises seven local academics, eight overseas academics and four local professionals and industrialists.	研资局成员包括七名本港学者、八名海外学者及四名本地专业人士和工业家。
Her old bag is falling apart, so she was gonna get a new one.	她的旧包支离破碎，所以她需要一个新的。
I got all the time in the world. I'd like to live. 	我有时间。我还不想死呢。 
So here I sit on my ticking biological clock. 	所以我安我的生物钟坐在这里。 
Yeah. You know, paramedics, firemen 	是的。你知道的，医务人员，消防员 
I think the crystal meth is beginning to cloud your judgment. 	我觉得冰毒开始扰乱你的判断力了。 
Did you just kick my car? Oh, no, you don't. 	你踢我的车？哦，不，你敢这么做。 
I would like to know what the procedure is for copyrighting.	我想要知道申请版权需要程序.
Put those up here.	手掌摊开。
And in the seventh, he threw wildly to first to allow beltre to reach base.	而七局上，他再次暴传，让beltre再度安全上垒。
Most disasters changed significant after the 921 chichi earthquake.	多数灾害於921集集大大地震后发生明。
The first is due to a gravitational flux that rhythmically occurs in the specific area.	首先就是因为引力流在这个特殊区域按一定频率出现。
This second floor room is smoker-friendly and comes with stair access only for staying fit on vacation. 	本二层客房允许抽烟而且仅配备步梯，可以让您在度假期间保持身体健康。 
You must travel quite a lot! Oh, no, no no... I don't travel!	你一定经常旅行吧！哦，不，不不…我不旅行的！
Speak at my midwifery class.	在助产课上发言。
And if I were you I would pal. 	如果我是你的话，我就会沉默 
Notably, given the context, he didn't say he hoped they would be reborn in the u.s.	值得注意的是，从上下文看，他没有说希望他们投胎做美国人。
You really don't remember me?	你真不记得我了？
I love him so much. Come on, come on.	我非常爱他。来，快来。
And you wrote me a letter that ripped my heart out. 	你写给我你那封信把我的心都撕碎了。 
What's he doing inside that bubble? 	他在那个泡泡里做什么？ 
The new system of personal property mortgage contradict with the traditional theory of guarantee property system, and is hindered by the publication principal seriously.	传统动产担保以质押为原则，新兴的动产抵押则因与传统的担保物权理论相冲突，遭遇到公示原则的严重阻碍。
My mother made a sketch of my brother reading a book.	我母亲画了一张我弟弟读书的速写。
Hey, slow your roll there, Bobby. We don't know either one of those things. 	喂，别乱猜。我们还不能肯定。 
I'm sorry. I put your couch	不好意思。我把你的沙发
I tried it. It sucked. I don't want to do it anymore.	我试过了。太糟糕了。我不想再干了。
He won the contest.	他赢得了比赛。
Days would go by when nobody would exchange a word.	一整天过去都没有人说一句话。
Yeah. Find out where they are. 	找出他们在哪儿。 
Move out. Junior, what the hell?	开始行动朱尼尔，搞什么？
I could see my face in her pupils...... "you're looking babies," she said.	我完全可以在她的瞳仁里看到我的脸……。“你在看我的眼睛内的人儿，”她说。
Yeah. We're completely self sufficient 	对。我们完全自给自足
You've screwed up.	是你失职了薇薇安是你。
He came to her breathing of large airs and great spaces. The blaze of tropic suns was in his face, and in his swelling, resilient muscles was the primordial vigor of life.	他带着漠漠的天穹和广阔的空间的气息来到了她身边：他脸上有赤道的炎炎烈日，他柔韧暴突的肌肉中有原始的生命力。
Yes, and we've just added dinner parties on Friday and Saturday nights. 	是的，我们只在周五和周六晚上增加晚餐场。 
I'm getting something.	我有新发现了。
You remember cream corn.	你一定记得奶油玉米。
Says professor burland. "Electro-osmosis was not effective. We did a full-scale trial but felt at the end that this method was not appropriate."	伯尔兰德教授说：“电渗透并不有效，我们进行了全面试验，但最后觉得这个办法不合适。”
Yeah. The impact's deep. 	嗯。撞击很深。 
He was laughing, just like that, "we will all grow old with the passing of each day, and die. Isn't that great?"	他就那样的笑着说"我们都会一天天变老然后死掉多好"
Well, he makes salary of $175,000. 	他工资只有17万5. 
Because we love foreign cars. 	因为我们喜欢外国车。 
Simplify: veggies, fruit, protein, and a non-white starch.	简化：蔬菜、水果、蛋白质、非。
If you're more comfortable with informality, 	如果随意点让你觉着更自在， 
And if you don't want people to think you're a coward, 	如果你不想让别人觉得你是个懦夫， 
People in this town getting possessed or not? 	小镇上的人都着了魔不成？ 
But with the new nanotube devices, the chambers would have to be replenished with carbon dioxide and water from time to time to keep the reaction going.	但是对于这个新的纳米管装置，需要不断向仪器内通入二氧化碳和水来维持反应的继续。
Hmm, I thought since clay was feeling better,	唉，我想既然克莱正在康复，
We are entering what some in the technology industry refer to as a post-pc era.	我们进入了被一些科技产业称之为“后个人电脑”的时代。
There it is. Slightest head shake no.	快看。轻微的摇头否认。
When I wake up...	当我起床时…
Ian mendelbaum, the rapper? He's an idiot.	伊恩·曼德包恩，那个说唱的？他是个白痴。
At a physics meeting last october, nobel laureate david gross outlined 25 questions in science that he thought physics might help answer.	在2004年10月的一次物理大会上，诺贝尔奖获得者david gross列举了科学领域25个他认为物理学可能帮助解决的问题。
This is one of those "drop whatever you're doing right the hell now" situations! - uh - huh.	现在你不管在忙什么都得先丢下了！是啊
But at least he was trying to help his people. 	不过，至少他这么做是在竭力帮助他的人。 
What time is it? It's 1 0:00.	几点了？十点。
A strategic wargame could easily get by on just a few updates per second-in this case, the added complexity of dirty rect animation may not be necessary.	一个策略战争游戏在一秒钟内只需要更新几次就足够了在这种情况下，脏矩形动画带来的复杂性是多余的。
Three days after reporting the missing iphone, in the early hours of july 16, sun jumped from the 12th floor of his apartment building, the paper said.	报纸称，在孙报告原型机丢失三天后的7月16日凌晨，他从所住公寓房12楼跳下。
See, I don't have children of my own. 	你们看啊我没有自己的孩子。 
I didn't want you to know I was in trouble. 	我不想你知道我有麻烦了。 
Kids, Einstein was right. Time moves at different speeds. 	孩子们爱因斯坦说的没错时间在不同的场合会发生不同的变化。 
At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform rampaging werewolf.	在每个维持开始时，若某牌手上回合施放了两个或更多咒语，转化莽闯狼人。
You didn't happen to get any names, did you? 	你应该不知道他们的名字，对吧？ 
Maisy Gibbons was delighted to find out she had a visitor, 	很高兴终于有人来探望她了， 
But she was just so damn stubborn. 	但她实在是太固执了。 
To put on panties. 	去穿小内。 
What I said about the money.	我说钱的事情。
I'm talking one drop of human blood. 	哪怕只是一小滴人血都不行。 
What exactly does she mean by that?	她到底是什么意思？
I surely admire him deep in my heart!	我真是打心眼儿里佩服他！
Ah I'm gonna go get the camera. 	我去拿相机。 
Or they love you too much, so you need to prove your humility.	或者他们太爱你了你需要证明自己的谦恭。
To pin all our hopes on a single ient.	无论是提高你还是同事的士气都不是太妥当的选择。
It's just. - It's for research. 	只是研究用的。 
I think he's just taking credit for them. 	他因所做的事觉得光荣。 
But a confirmation of life itself.	但是却又对生命本身坚信不疑。
A year after the credit crisis exploded, policymakers are scrabbling for ideas on how to prevent another one.	经济学人---信贷危机爆发一年以后，决策者费劲心思考虑如何避免另一场信贷危机。
But many in china's southwest yunnan province have already started uprooting their lives--and their land--to plant coffee trees in hopes of more profitable futures.	但其实，云南西南部很多农民的生活已开始了翻天覆地的变化，他们改变了土地用途，开始种植咖啡树，希望能借此获利更多。
What if we do this? 	我们一起玩怎样？ 
We have enough weak links in our circle. If you can't do it...	我们这儿的弱者够多了。如果你做不到…
When my kids are sick. 	我有多伤心啊 
First, the author gives the proof of the affecting mechanism and interrelationship of export growth fluctuations theoretically and experimentally.	首先，对各因素影响出口增长波动的表现形式、作用机理给予理论上和经验上的论证。
The danish government certainly thinks so.	丹麦政府就是这么认为的。
I'd say I hope that box is big enough to imagine yourself up new submarine. 	但愿那个盒子足够大能够放得下你的新潜水艇。 
Rather than just talking about what you want all the time and not do anything concrete about them, you are now obligated to take action.	并不是一直谈论你想拥有什么，而没有制定计划着手做，光是纸上谈兵，制定了目标后，你现在就有义务去实现他们了。
While countries such as india and china once boasted only a few internationally recognised schools, this is changing fast.	印度、中国这些国家曾经仅有几所得到国际认可的学校，这一点正在得到迅速的改变。
When I don't even know what's -  Who you talking to? 	我自己都不知道 -  你在和谁说话？ 
I've got love like an ocean 	我得到海一般的爱
And it's only two hours away, 	只有两小时的路程， 
I'm not sure what you're suggesting.	我不清楚你在指什么。
It's delicate. 	哪有这么简单。 
Oh, my God! I'm gonna freak out! 	天哪！我要疯了！ 
Then I need to see a lot less conscience 	所以你少给我装圣人 
No restraints were found on the victims. 	受害者身上没有发现被协持的迹象。 
As a component of deng yanda's civilian revolutionary theory professional representative system is also the important embodiment of his civil rights thinking.	职业代表制是邓演达平民革命理论的构成部分，亦是其民权思想的重要体现。
Well, the good news is that I'm sleeping; 	噢，好消息是我在睡觉； 
One week you're a big-time news director!	一周前你还是个新闻导播砰！
Has only 2,997 hits. 2,997 hits. 	只击中了2997次。2997次。 
Premier wen jiabao talks of reform but faces conservative resistance.	温家宝总理意图改革但面临保守派的阻碍。
She's absolutely no part of this, she hasn't done a thing.	她绝对没有参与这件事，她什么都没做过。
prince!	公爵！
Hello? House of love. No, he's not. 	你好？这是爱屋。不，他不在。 
I can't answer that any more than you can.	我可没有你了解情况啊。
And when he is silent your heart ceases not to listen to his heart;	当他沉默无语时，你的心要继续倾听他的心曲；
Because he craves recognition. 	因为他渴望认同。 
Because I wanted it to be very literal. 	因为我想让它非常平实。 
Swink, you scared the crap out of me, man, 	斯温克，你把我吓得半死， 
It was seen in the middle kingdom.	忽然在在中土出现了。
I bought him about the house. 	我为他买的房子。 
The evolution of open source may sound a bit like the evolution of another web-related phenomenon, what has become known as web 2.0 social media and social networking.	开源的发展有点像另一个网络有关现象的发展，即web2.0社交媒体和社交网络。
And I got to take credit for his best ideas.	同时我会因为他的好点子得到重用。
That surely paints a bleak picture.	这无疑使教育改革的未来更加暗淡。
A secret from you, and I feel horrible about it.	一直没告诉你我觉得很难受。
I'm not angry at her. Although I should be.	我并没有生她的气。尽管如此。
This is an artist's trick to get you to see a larger picture, not just the main character.	这只是艺术家让你把画往大处看的小把戏，而不是只看主要人物。
I'm getting a signal from mission island.	我刚从使命岛接到了信号。
Is by definition not a diagnosis.	就不能称之为诊断。
I've had a ietter fr0m y0ur m0 ther!	我收到你妈妈的一封信
My dress! At least you're wearing underwear.	我的衣服！至少你还穿着内衣。
What's with you guys anyway? It's complicated.	你们俩到底怎么了?-一言难尽阿.
Vint cerf, google's vice-president and chief internet evangelist, said in a video interview for ft.com that the internet's capacity to cope with an ever-growing number of users and amount of content carried over the network was a lesser issue than security, stability, reliability and privacy.	作为谷歌（google）副总裁兼首席互联网专家，温特瑟夫在接受ft.com视频采访时表示，与互联网的安全、稳定、可靠和隐私问题相比，互联网应对不断增加的用户及网络承载内容数量的能力只是个比较次要的问题。
She said I needed to take my life back into my own hands.	她说我应该让人生重新回到我的手中。
In her memoirs, she says not.	她在自己的回忆录中说不能。
You're on thin ice, you little shit head.	你现在如履薄冰，小王八蛋。
The team is waiting to see what happens with often-injured center greg oden, who is coming off microfracture on his left knee.	整支球队还都期待着他们的受伤先生格里格奥登，本赛季他也将从自己的左膝伤病中走出来。
The documentary premiered at the Jerusalem Film Festival.	这部纪录片在耶路撒冷电影节首映。
I don't know how, but...	我不知道为什么但是
They bartered farm products for machinery.	他们用农产品交换机器。
And God knows what he found in her 	天知道他在她身上找到了什么 
For the record, I just came here 	从记录来看，我才刚刚到这里来 
The matter I mentioned needs to be resolved rather quickly. 	我提到的麻烦需要尽快解决。 
I see a lot of guns, but I see two in particular.	我看到了很多枪但有两把很特别。
That's why you did it. 	原来这就是为啥你要打我啊。 
That teacher sees what he calls an object to pay no attention to him, be furious, do not live urgent.	那老师见他所叫对象不理他，大发雷霆，不住催促。
We've been looking at the wrong mug shots. 	我们一直都找错了嫌疑犯照片 
George eliot, the nineteenth century famous english novelist, abandoned christianity and refused to go to church when she was young because of the influence of feuerbach and those with progressive ideas.	十九世纪英国著名的女哲理小说家乔治艾略特因受费尔巴哈等思想进步人士的影响，从青年时代就开始与宗教决裂，并拒绝上教堂。
Because I never changed my residence to new York.	因为我一直没有把住址改到纽约。
And he keeps coming in and out of it as if he doesn't have any control, because he doesn't. 	他一直来去无踪好像他根本不能控制，因为他的确没有。 
I'm kind of like,	我有点像那种，
In order to promote the normalization, standardization and modernization of information processing in tibetan, the region has been working on drawing up international standards for tibetan character coding using information technology since 1994, which has received strong support from related departments of the state.	为推动藏语文的规范化、标准化和信息处理现代化，在国家有关部门的大力支持和帮助下，西藏自1994年开始进行“信息技术藏文编码字符集”国际标准的研制工作。
A prayer of habakkuk the prophet. On shigionoth.	先知哈巴谷的祷告、调用流离歌。
Connie murphy of wheaton disagreed, joining the 21 percent of respondents who said kids do not spend enough time on take-home tasks.	埃米马迪根不同意这种观点，她和其他21%的人都认为孩子们花费在家庭作业上的时间是远远不够的。
What are you doing here? - lunch. You wanna join us?	你在这儿干嘛来了？吃午饭你去吗？
But to snap your neck. 	但是去突然中断了。 
He used to shovel coal into the furnace in the basement. 	他以前在地下室给熔炉铲煤。 
With their famous anfield stadium crumbling around them, following the local council's refusal to grant planning permission for a new ground, and hicks and gillett unwilling to sell to a new investor unless they make a profit on their initial outlay, these are troubled times at liverpool.	随着他们的著名安菲尔德体育场摇摇欲坠身边后，当地政府拒绝批准规划一个新的地面权限，希克斯和吉列不愿卖给新的投资者，除非他们把他们的初始支出利润，这些都是在利物浦多事之秋。
Writers in a language that's being invented before our eyes. 	使用新发明语言的编写者。 
It's worse. Nothing but static! Where's that key from the actress?	更惨了,完全收不到讯号!女演员身上的钥匙呢?
Dig in, lad. Hearty fare breeds hearty people. 	多吃点，孩子。坦荡的宴席配坦荡的食客。 
Use our business center like you would at home and get copies or faxes for free at the front desk. 	使用我们的商务中心，就像在自己的家里一样，可以复印，传真和使用免费前台。 
Snakes, in my heart - blood warmed,	蛇，借我的心头血取暖，
It involves luring the guards away from the house.	把保镖们从房子里引开。
The ends is bullshit.	日后即使你完成任务。
Why not skywrite it? "Penny got knocked up by Robbie, the creep. 	为什么不写个大字报呢？" 佩妮怀上了罗比的孩子，杂种。" 罗比？ 
Because we have a special trophy for you. 	因为我们为你们准备了特殊的奖杯。 
But most of it's just common stuff 	不过，基本上都些很普通的东西 
The adbusters book meme wars makes its serious economic points with the aid of sharp graphic images.	《弥母战争》一书通过绘图表达了其尖锐的政治观点。
Our study demonstrates that cardioascular disease is associated with subsequent kidney function decline and deelopment of kidney disease, the study authors wrote.	“我们的研究表明心血管疾病与肾脏功能和肾脏疾病发展有关。”作者写道。
And like bob, you'll reap the benefits of a well-tended garden of marital love.	同鲍勃一样，你可以从一个被精心照顾的、充满爱的婚姻花园中收获许多“硕果”。
It to yourself without any help from me.	你自作自受，我没有使力。
But those nurses...	但那些护士...
I'll see you later. Come on. Let's go. 	回头见。走吧，我们走。 
In order to keep Elaine away from you, I'm prepared to tell her everything. 	为了让伊琳远离你我会把所有的事都说出来。 
Oh, we'll be fine. 	喔，我们会没事的。 
We're all gonna be just -  	我们全部就只会 -  
In terms of security, the quasi-alliance established between the united states and china following the visit vastly enhanced china's ability to stand up to the soviet union, which amassed 30 to 40 divisions against china and was contemplating a preemptive strike on chinese nuclear facilities shortly before the nixon visit.	在安全方面，尼克松访华后中美两国间建立的准联盟关系极大增强了中国与前苏联抗衡的能力。当时前苏组织了30至40个师的力量来对付中国，并预谋在尼克松访华后不久抢先攻击中国的核设备。
You can't imagine how this feels. Good?	你不能想象这样的感受。好？
There you are, you filthy creature,	你在这啊，你这个肮脏的东西，
I thought I could start over, 	我以为我可以重新开始， 
The government proposes to redraw constituencies to make them much more equal in terms of voter population, and to shrink the house of commons from 650 to 600 members.	于是政府建议根据选民人口分布重新划割选区，以使选举更公平，并且把下议院的席位由650个压缩到600个。
don't tail him until we get this stuff defused. 	别尾随他直到我们拆除炸弹！ 
As mr gates said, there is no prospect of the us staging a large-scale land war in asia or elsewhere.	正如盖茨所说，美国在亚洲或其他地区进行一场大规模地面战争的可能性是不存在的，因此存在裁减冗员的空间。
He won't hurt her.We must play for time. 	他不会伤害她的，我们得争取时间。 
But I'm surprised that you care so little about your friend.	但是我很奇怪你居然不关心你朋友的性命。
Why should he have had it cut off? 	他为什么要剪短呢？ 
Courier service ID'd your photo.	快递公司说你发的照片。
But in some schools, children vote unofficially for their own newbery and caldecott winners.	但是在一些学校，孩子们通过非正式投票选出他们自己的纽伯瑞奖和凯迪克奖获得者。
Do you remember the day when you joined the league?	你记得你入团的那一天吗？
And he says, "come back tomorrow. It's gonna be bumpin '.	他说" 你明天来吧会很酷的。
Do it instinctively. 	凭直觉去做。 
He says that they're looking for two people.	他说他们在找两个人。
Every time I do that, I can feel wind up my tooth. 	每次我说这话，都觉得我牙齿漏风。 
Or to the winners of any other challenges moving forward.	或往后任何一轮优胜者豁免资格。
I had brought two fighters of different ethnicities	我让两个完全不同种族的人
I cannot see you, sergeant. Repeat... Cannot see you.	我看不到你，中士。重复... 我看不到你。
Terrible. Terrible. What happened? 	祸惹大了，惹大了。怎么了？ 
Step up and tell the truth.	站出来说出真相。
He should be back any second. 	他很快就会回来。 
I'll just give him a bunch of fake busywork until he goes to see a doctor. 	我就假装让他忙着直到他去看医生。 
Crap? Shit? Horse...	粪便？屎？马……
But a circle... 	但圆的话…… 
You get in the car. 	你才上车吧。 
Pay attention to that woman opening the gramm.	注意那个为格莱美进行开场表演的女人。
I'm worried that we all want to catch this guy 	我担心我们太想抓住这个家伙从而忽略了眼前的事实 
I managed to infer	我想意味着后果
And stacked like a sleeve of oreos. 	宛如奥利奥堆出来的。 
Say what you like about alan greenspan, but his perfect timing has been unimpaired by retirement.	不管你是否喜欢艾伦格林斯潘，他那完美的时机把握能力并没有因为退休而有所削弱。
Lt wrecks your brain. Okay.	会损伤你的大脑。好的。
Calm down. You're not helping. 	冷静一下，你这样于事无补。 
No, that's - no. No. Hey, get in there. Get in there.	不,不行。去那里。到那里面去。
Goodbye, Chang.	昌哥，走好呀。
I stole her phone to see who she was calling.	我偷了她的手机来检查她的通话对象。
Then, in a flash of the competitive spirit that makes soros an avid skier and player of tennis and chess, soros asked: "and how old are you?"	接着，争强好胜的念头突然闪过，正是这种竞争精神，使索罗斯热衷于滑雪、打网球、下国际象棋。索罗斯问道：“你高寿？”
They now face the prospect of having to wear a cycling helmet by law.	他们现在面临的情形是：不久将需要依法佩戴摩托车头盔。
As a new department in our Thai army force	做为泰国陆军新编部队的贵部
We did it. We won! - at what? 	我们做到了。我们赢了！- 啥赢了？ 
Low satisfaction among researchers and rate shoppers: the overall industry score for bottom line-the attribute that measures cost sensitivity-continued to be the lowest-scoring attribute, with a score of 6.72.	研究信息和比较价格的旅客的满意度最低：整个行业对于bottom line（测量成本敏感性的指标）分数达到最低，同时也是分数最低的指标，只有6.72分。
caption riper: stone. 	字幕制作：石磊。 
Really? Tell them what John said about you.	是吗？告诉她们约翰是怎么说你的。
Went back into treatment. 	回去重新接受治疗了。 
We got your dad.	我们找到你爸了。
I'm sorry, it's just, I've been here all night. I got... I'm fighting the cabin fever.	不好意思，只是， 我在这待了一晚了。我... 我一直在奋力抵抗幽闭症。
But by then, a film may feel superfluous to rand's most loyal fans; events unfolding around them will have been dramatisation enough.	但是到那时，电影可能会令大多数rand此书的忠实粉丝感到多余；在他们周围真真切切发生的事已经足够了。
It was in a pawn shop, waiting for a man to pick it up...	它一直在那个当铺里，等着某个人来拿走它…
But other countries have left.	但其他国家已经退出了。
Annie, Annie. That's enough. Look at him. 	安妮，够了，看看他。 
All right, Merlin, do what you have to.	好吧，梅林，该干嘛就干嘛。
Study the effects of mifepristone on proliferation and.	基础研究米非司酮对人早孕绒毛细胞增殖和凋亡的影响。
Just like some europeans celebrate spring festival nowadays, it` s no wonder that chinese celebrate christmas.	就像现在1些欧洲进性贺春节1样，中国进性贺圣诞节也层见迭出。
It's about Chris, isn't it? He was supposed to send me something 15 minutes ago.	在等克里斯，对不对？他说要发我什么东西15分钟前就该到了。
Just focus on our case? 	把精力集中在我们的案子上好吗？ 
And lo and behold the place has turned into Egypt and you are the queen of the Nile. 	把这个地方弄得跟埃及一样，而你，自以为是尼罗河的女王。 
He killed people for a living.	以杀人为生。
Do you believe in fate, Lois?	你相信命运吗，露易丝？
Hey, it was fun. My kids are sick of all my stories. 	嘿，我也很开心啊。我孩子都不喜欢我讲的故事。 
You can have any kind of fence you want. 	你想要什么样的围栏都行。 
I understand it's confidential with the doctor -  	我知道医生是应该替病人保密的 -  
It's like a Bible to these guys. 	就像是他们心中的圣经。 
Uh - Oh. Did you apologize? 	呃-哦，你说对不起了没？ 
Several logbooks groups are defined on this host.	此主机已经定义了几个记录本的组。
I have noticed that if you do not drink, your hands shake. 	我注意到不喝酒，你的手就会抖。 
Does that mean I'm supposed to feel sorry for you because you're popular? 	你意思是我要因为你受欢迎所以同情你吗？ 
Kind of like a methicillin - resistant staph infection. 	好像是耐甲氧苯青霉素葡萄球菌感染。 
You blasphemed God and the saints. 	你辱骂神和所有的圣徒。 
Good - looking fellow like you,	像你一样漂亮，
And while I dreamed of becoming the first woman to surf around the world - 	当时我梦想成为世界上第一个冲浪旅行的女性- 
Straight face market meets a challenge--shanghai pressworks package machine head office develops sale series activity.	直面市场迎接挑战上海印刷包装机械总公司开展营销系列活动。
I'm pretty sure James has invested in an offshore fund in the Caymans. 	我确信詹姆士在开曼岛投资了一个离岸基金。 
So if you're freaking, it's OK to UN - freak. 	如果你抓狂了现在可以放心了。 
You aren't kidding about this moohuhu pork.	你真没骗我。
What are you, 80?	你80岁了吗？
We end up with a package which ultimately will go on corners.	它们一起能让赛车在过弯时的速度。
I just don't want to lose her. 	我不想错过她。 
No, no! If anything, I'm embarrassed of my family.	不,不！如果有的话，也是我觉得我家丢脸。
Somebody who won't allow anyone to interfere with his business. 	他从不让别人插手他的生意。 
She be drawn, 	“她被压抑”， 
Which reminds me  	我正好想到 
Girls are what you sleep with after the game, not what you coach during it.	在比赛结束后，不是由你在指导…
Her heart thumped with fear.	她的心吓得砰砰直跳。
He met Jackson backstage at his concert in Leeds.	他在利兹音乐会的后台见到了杰克逊。
For the effect of the wine does not remove dissimulation, and take from them the sight of the deformity of their passions.	因为酒的效果取掉了一切伪装，使他们看不到自己激情的丑陋。
One of them has moustache	一名有胡子
So should I tell lynette?	那我应该告诉lynette吗？
I was supposed to go to Harvard in 98. 	我本来可以在98年上哈佛的。 
Well, I'll tell you what kind of a name it is. 	噢，真是很不像回事。 
And as the clothes came off... The...	当衣服一件件除去的时候... 这个...
Town that tie the design of the town together. 	把小城的整个设计连贯起来。 
You said that I could beat him! 	你说我能打败他的！ 
When will these fools be sent for compulsory re-education before they do more damage?	在这些傻瓜闯更多的娄子之前，是不是要把他们送到小学里回回锅？
We did this threesome thing once,	我们曾经干过这种三个人的事，
Also, not that this is, whatever... 	另外，其实不是这样的... 
Why don't we... Give us another shot. 	我们干脆…再试一次吧。 
It's my first attempt at a stiff upper lip. 	我第一次尝试板脸。 
Founders or feathers? 	想戴个皇冠还是羽毛？ 
Sacrifice would always be a child between the age of six and…	祭品通常是6 - 14岁的孩子...
Those watchmen are an odd bunch.	那些看守的人是一个奇怪的一群。
The agreement was signed in the wee hours of august4.	协议是在八月四日凌晨签署的。
And sometimes I kick over chairs and stuff, but I didn't do it. 	有时候会踢椅子摔东西，但这不是我做的。 
They beat up the middle students.	她们连中学生也敢打。
You know what, I got an idea.	你知道吗，我想到了一个办法。
He wouldn't refer to himself as the John. 	他不会说他自己是无名男子。 
And I shall raise him up to be a fine, upstanding gentleman. 	但我会把他教育成一个正直善良的绅士 
The direct liable persons in charge and other direct liable persons shall be given an administrative sanction; those who constitute a crime shall be subject to criminal responsibilities.	对直接负责的主管人员和其他直接责任人员依法给予行政处分；构成犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任。
New airports are due to open in bangalore and hyderabad next year.	明年班加罗尔（bangalore）和海拉巴（hyderabad）的新机场就将开放。
I joined him on sax for summertime, the first time wed played together since 1964.	我用我的萨克斯和他共同演奏了《夏日时光》，这是我们自1964年以来首次合作。
Husband as well. Two husbands. 	我也是丈夫。两个丈夫。 
My uncle says it'll come and take me	我叔叔说它会把我带走的
No sales pitch. 	商家的说辞还是免了。 
Is that you have a buddy. 	你居然还有个哥们儿。 
This spacious king standard room faces the beautiful Wappinger's Creek. 	此宽敞的标准特大床室朝向美丽的沃平小溪。 
Gerry. So?	我叫格里，具体怎么回事？
He chased her...	他追着她...
She met him a couple of days ago. 	几天前她见过它的。 
Yeah, that's probably for the best. 	是的，那或许最好。 
Where can I find the evil people?	我到哪里才能找到这些邪恶的人？
Something I no longer use.	一些我很久没用过的东西。
I got a gun, and I will shoot!	我有枪，我会开枪的！
You were considering spending the rest of your life with? 'cause of that?	你可能会共度余生的人？因为这个原因？
The authorities still deny the incursion took place.	当局仍然否认这次袭击的发生。
Kiwis can own their own future---and help make a better new zealand---without hocking off precious assets overseas.	新西兰人完全可以拥有自己更好的未来--而且不用卖掉宝贵家产。
Launching and maintaining suitable satellites would be ludicrously expensive.	发射和维护合适的卫星将需要异常昂贵的费用。
Are you hungry? Shall I order some udon? 	你饿了吗？我叫碗乌冬面吧？ 
We will cloak the ship immediately and await further orders.	全舰立即进入隐形状态等待进一步指令。
The issue at hand is getting that cycle started.	当前的问题是如何启动这个良性循环。
I can't believe this is happening. No, it's okay. I'm a cop	竟然有抢劫。没事，我是警察
Okay, well you better hurry. 	好吧，不过你最好赶紧了。 
But this morning, 	不过，在今天早上， 
Just listen to what I got to tell you, okay?!	你只要听我说，好吗！
Okay, you got macaroni and cheese, fried chicken,	好的，我给你准备了通心面奶酪，还有炸鸡，
I literally - I put no thought into the wrapping at all. 	我根本没想过要包装。 
Why, just the other day, 	为什么就在前几天， 
If you ask me, people are going to say you deserve what you get. 	如果要我说的话，人们会说你是罪有应得。 
Glass of wine?	一杯葡萄酒？
On november 14, cmc had said it expected to reach the milestone "before the year end".	11月14日，cmc曾表示，它预计将在“年底之前”跨过这一里程碑。
Yes, of course I have! 	是的，当然我！ 
I'm gonna call you. - okay.	晚些打给你。- 好的。
Go to indiana polis. You can still catch the second game. 	去印地安纳波利斯。你还能赶上第二节。 
Yeah, you got that list we asked for? 	你准备好我们要的名单了吗？ 
You are now a junior executive's executive assistant!	现在你是初级主管的执行助理了！
Ok, I mean really old school.	恩，我指的是真正的守旧派。
Come on, have a heart. 	拜托，行行好。 
Well, less poor, but with enough to find some sweet little getaway. 	嗯，可能没那么有钱，但是足够去找些乐子了。 
I mean, all he wanted was that no one else raise your baby, right?	我的意思是，他所想的就是不让其他人抚养你的孩子是吗？
Let's talk about something else.	我们谈点别的吧。
Remember the last time you left me alone with Eve? Things got messy. 	上回你留我跟夏娃独处事情大条了。 
I caught you. But I didn't... 	我要抓住你。但是我没有... 
Bridgeport Village - A Premier European Style Shopping Center in Portland Oregon 	桥港村——俄勒冈州波特兰的早期的欧式购物中心 
It's just a little more time before the signing of the peace treaty. 	临近和约签约式时发生这种事情。 
I can hear voices from a distance.	我可以听到远处的声音。
Well, I'm not sure about...	呃，我不大清楚……
Let me do a master inquiry on that.	我来做个房子屋主的调查。
In our modern society stress will continue to increase-unless you find techniques to manage it. Meditation is the best way to release tension and revitalize your being.	现代社会的压力越来越大，冥想是释放压力使你重新拥有活力的最好途径除非你发现了别的对付压力的方法。
And it was the best news that I'd ever heard 	我听说后开心死了 
Promising to consult with nations on a range of other issues, mr biden also said that the us would "ask for more from our partners", for example in taking former inmates from guantanamo bay when the us military prison is closed in a year.	国与国之间对于其他议题进行磋商是很有希望的，拜登再次表示美国将会“从我们的合作伙伴要求更多”，正如在采取关于前关塔那摩囚犯，美国的军事监狱在一年内将关闭。
You know she's gonna kill you, right? 	你知道她不会饶了你的，，对吧？ 
As keenly as I felt your presence in the house. 	就像我注意到你来到这房子里。 
What I'm risking by being here? I know. I just... 	我呆在这要冒多大的风险？我知道。我只是... 
And this would have pulled me right out of it. Yeah.	但这件事会绝对让我走出悲伤耶！
Kyle took her. They released her and he took her. 	凯尔带她走了。他们让她出院了，于是凯尔带走了她。 
When you find it, keep it. Hold on to it.	当你找到真爱的时候，抓住它。坚持相信它。
What's his mistake? 	他所说的错误是什么？ 
Professor fuchs explains that the traditional way is to test students who are failing.	傅克斯教授解释说，传统的方法是给那些成绩不好的学生做测试。
My father would never let me before - 	我父亲以前从不让我去 - 
Because our enemy. 	因为我们的敌人。 
Azeri as a circle, sun honglei say clearly to offend many people.	身为圈里人，孙红雷说这话显然要得罪不少人。
Sam, stop it. Eva, please. 	停手伊娃，别这样。 
I didn't see any potential in it, and that's the honest truth, "says carl manneh, who was then ceo of photo-sharing site jalbum.	“说老实话，我当时看不出它有任何潜力，”时任照片共享网站jAlbum CEO的卡尔•梅奈说。
And I say, "watch it," why don't you just listen? 	如果我说"小心" 求你乖乖听话行吗？ 
Now you know whatitwhat it feels like.	在床上你可不就是这么对我。
I put my fist right through someone's skull! 	我就想一拳打进别人的脑壳里！ 
Of course I can't tell you if I've seen her, you idiot.	我当然不可能告诉你我有没有见过她你个白痴。
Which one? Any one you want to tell me.	哪一个？随便哪个只要你愿意说。
How do you know it's him?	你怎么知道是他干的？
Lawrence summers, obama's economic adviser, said last week that getting a tough bill covering financial regulatory reform onto the statute book this year was a priority.	奥巴马的经济顾问劳伦斯萨默斯上周说今年要使如此棘手的议案通过金融管制改革而上升到法令全书还是具有优势的。
Replied the second apple, "which of us--the reds or the greens?"	第二只苹果回答说：“我们中的哪些呢红的还是绿的？”
He is 100% lemur - foot - phobic. 	他现在有狐猴脚恐惧症。 
Plus, plus, also, and I called me up Mr. Coroner 	另外，另外，我还联系了验尸官先生 
Between january and june japanese firms made 262 foreign acquisitions, according to recof, a consultancy: a record for the first half of a year.	据recof公司在上半年的统计，在一月和六月之间日本企业一共进行了262起并购，recof是一家咨询公司。
Make arrangements. No need.	为自己做些安排。这没有必要。
Article 2 the "referendum" called in this act includes national referendum and local referendum.	第2条本法所称公民投票，包括全国性及地方性公民投票。
The dispute over the renminbi is a wake-up call for beijing.	对中国政府而言，围绕人民币汇率的争议是一记警钟。
I'm sorry that I sprung this on you. 	抱歉，我得瞒着你。 
I'm starting to feel like I'd want to hang out with you	我可能只想约你出去玩
That will be bad for the economy and will also inflict fresh damage on the credit market.	这将不利于经济的发展，并将对信贷市场造成新的损害。
That I wasted my life. 	所以，混日子过了。 
I made him a proverbial offer that he just cannot refuse. 	我给他的条件谁都无法拒绝。 
Is that we've finished shooting the set...	在我们拍摄完成之后…。
Why are you harassing me? I didn't do shit. 	你干吗来烦我？我什么都没干。 
I know. My friend Zatanna told me. 	我知道了。泽塔娜告诉我了。 
My nephew, stevie, was born without sweat glands, a condition called hed. That meant the exertion could cause his body to overheat and seriously damage his system.	我的侄儿，史蒂夫，生下来体内就没有汗腺，这种状况被称作hed，意思是说，任何的运动发力都可能使他的身体过热，从而损伤他的体能。
Is alcoa hoping to ride on beijing's sovereign coattails and scoop up some of rio tinto's assets in a dismantling dictated by china as its price for blessing a rio-bhp merger?	美铝公司是不是想搭北京主权鸡尾酒这个顺风车，在中国拆取力拓作为力拓和必和必拓合并的代价时，然后获取力拓公司的一部分资产呢？
This is not the time for sensationalist, domestic political point scoring.	这不是耸人听闻的时间，国内的政治积分。
Yeah,I’m sure. What?	对，我肯定。什么？
But that will take years.	但会耗时数年。
We can find two special cougars, and throw some love on them.	我们就能把那两个人揪出来，好好赞叹一番。
They didn't want to give the west coast papers a chance 	他们不会给西海岸报任何机会让他们把这则报道刊登在头版 
These are let into sockets cut in the cliff face,	它们插进在石壁上凿的洞里面，
Mr fillon's stern tone this week-"'bankruptcy 'is no longer an abstract word", he said-and the government's rapid response to the worsening outlook should help calm markets.	本周菲永总理严肃的说，“破产不再是一个抽象的单词”政府对外部恶化的快速反应应该对稳定市场有所帮助。
L was searching for hidden icebergs. 	我则在寻找隐藏的冰山。 
For a few months,	几个月了吧，
Good morning to you. And F. Y. I.	早上好啊。友情提醒。
Well, what do you want me to do? Swear my good faith on the Bible? 	你要我怎么办？向天发誓？ 
But division has decided to pluck one officer...	可是师部决定要从每个团选出...
You must never speak aloud in theatres, I was told.	在戏院里决不可大声说话，有人这么对我说。
To charm me in case, I didn't find your humiliation story impressive, 	万一我发现你的故事没意思就想用它来讨好我， 
To shatter them into pieces. 	把骨头摔成几块。 
Just hope to be here long enough to do something awesome. 	只是希望在这儿有足够的时间。 
So don't you - 	所以你– 
Televisions are equipped with satellite channels. 	电视设有多个卫星频道。 
Entrance exam topper...... where's the class.	入学考试名列前茅者……教室在哪。
Not even a towel over her private areas? - nothing. 	私处连条毛巾遮着都没有？- 什么都没有。 
We're below sea level here, right?	我们在海平面以下，是吗？
Drag to add a3-d factory building.	通过拖动添加三维厂房。
I'm sorry, but I've been here almost three months,	对不起，但是我在这儿呆了将近三个月了，
Okay. Just don't forget what's at stake here, captain.	好吧，只是别忘了现在谁说了算，上校
Uh, you guys are going to love these.	呃，你们会喜欢这个主意的。
You. Re luckly to have come to my department	你。运气真好第一天就加入我的部门
I mean, how the hell did you pay it? 	我是说，怎么付得过来啊？ 
Because my ex-husband and I got married	因为我和我前夫在哥伦比亚
That's it? That's all my future's worth, $1? 	就1美元我就值1美元啊？ 
When it became obvious you were looking for me, I went by your house,	当你很明确要找我时，我去你家拜访了下，
No, I'm not working for them. I'm working with them.	我不是为他们卖命。是配合他们工作。
All this suggests that there may not be much china can do to manipulate the number of births.	所有这些表明，在操纵出生率方面，中国政府能做的不多了。
It's all over, all over. back off!	一切结束了。后退！
As far as we know it was a group of refugees.	据我们所知是一群难民。
So he tears down this enormous house,	后来他就把这所巨大的房子拆了
But I think all they got is rabbit convertibles. 	不过，我想他们只有罗比塔敞篷型。 
Spew elements back into the galaxy.	会把物质发射回银河系。
We toss around the word entrepreneur so much that the word is quickly becoming meaningless.	我们对创业者这一词语的不断折腾，使得这一用词很快就会变得毫无意义了。
PIease don't move! Here I go! 	别动！我来！ 
He doesn't love me. He loves you. 	他不爱我。他爱你。 
Sa: ah, marsha, or should I call you dr. fieldstone.	山：啊，玛莎，我该叫你菲德斯通医生吗？
Was his body.	他的身体为殿。
Tighter regulations and lower debt ratings for the banks will probably make that business less profitable.	监管的收紧以及银行信用评级下调可能会使这块业务的盈利能力下降。
Brucellosis, an emerging disease of marine mammals.	布氏杆菌病:海洋哺乳动物的新重要疾病。
So, it's a good turnout, you know. 	所以，你知道，来了不少有头有脸的人。 
I see you've gotten better	我看你身体好多了
Whether the protests will cease remains to be seen.	抗议活动是否会停止还说不定。
By using the principle of analytic hierarchy process, one affirmation method to decide the target weight in assessing green ecotype residential quarters is promoted.	利用层次分析法的原理，提出了一种确定绿色生态住宅小区各指标权重的方法。
I'm from Chicago, I mean, outside Chicago. Are you two married. No? 	从芝加哥来我是说芝加哥外围。你俩结婚。没？ 
Challenge by ecological crisis to traditional constitution.	论生态危机对传统宪法的挑战。
We were conducting a firefight, not an autopsy.	我们有进行驳火但不是验尸。
Yeah, then when we realized the enormity	对，然后我们意识到，
You are in a strange mood today. 	你今天很奇怪。 
If you're really worried about finishing last, choose a short fun run or charity race that's walker-friendly so you know for certain that they'll be walkers in the race.	如果你实在是担心会是最后一个，那就去跑一个短距离的不是太正式的比赛，或者那种接受全程步行的慈善短跑比赛。
I don't understand why a girl would do all that.	我不明白一个女孩怎么会那样做。
I was to be in phase shift for three days. 	我原只想隐形三天。 
And I'm the only - 	我是唯一一个- 
Were getting what we want. 	别再抱怨把事情办好。 
It was just a stinky light bulb! 	只是一个恶心的灯泡而已！ 
The lord jesus reconcile us to god, and give us authority to evangelize.	主耶稣使我们与神和好，同时赐我们权柄传福音。
And the woman who did it took off everything. I mean everything. 	她脱光了所有的衣服。我是说所有的。 
Here you see it! 	你们看看它！ 
Why does he talk to himself like that? 	为什么他老是那样自言自语？ 
Mike mccann, keeper of the great clock, said: "after 150 years, big ben still holds a special place in the hearts of londoners and the world as a magnificent example of engineering and building genius."	守钟人迈克？麦卡恩说：“大本钟已经150岁了，但它作为机械和建筑杰作的典范，仍然在伦敦和世界人民心中占据着特殊的地位。”
And I sentence you to a $1,500 fine, 	所以判罚1500美元， 
You know, I think it worked out okay. 	你知道吗，我觉得破了案就最好了。 
But I will make sure that you get the right one. 	但我保证会让您拿到心仪的那一幅。 
In the united states, where iraq has long been absent from the front page of newspapers, there were a few howls of protest at the news of the withdrawal.	在美国本土，有关伊拉克的话题许久没有出现在各大报纸的头版头条上了，而关于这次撤军伊拉克的消息也一些人的反对。
Jennifer come on, Jen! 	别这样啊，珍！ 
And you want a calm discussion? 	你还来搞和平谈判？ 
But not this time. Run! 	不过，这回还是算了，快跑！ 
Last year's un-sanctioned mission to protect libyan rebels from the vengeance of colonel qaddafi was a genuine achievement.	去年保护利比亚叛军免受卡扎菲报复的任务，得到联合国的许可，是一场真正的胜利。
Oh, come on in, sweetheart.	哦，快进来，亲爱的。
Oh, I see. They don't have a normal penis? 	噢，我明白了。它们没有正常的阴茎吗？ 
Take two days to do the bloody paperwork. 	得有两天去填这表那表的。 
Ray Elliott. 	我是雷艾黎特。 
Well, hopefully you picked out something you liked. 	希望你挑个称心如意。 
Initially I tried to get reverse but it was hesitating to move and then finally I stalled.	最初我尝试着退回来，但动的时候犹豫了，在那时最后停转了。
I look on him... As a stranger.	我看待他... 犹如陌生人。
You stole his onIy Iove. 	你夺走了他的至爱。 
Sadly, nothing has changed since human rights watch released their report on the industry, "blood, sweat, and fear," six years ago.	可悲的是，人权观察组织6年前发表了揭露此行业内幕的报告“血，汗和恐惧”（blood sweat andfear）后，一切都没有改变。
Because he's probably a damned hallucination.. 	因为他很可能是个该死的幻觉... 
It's a nice looking eye, and there's plenty of it.	你的眼睛很漂亮脉脉含情。
We're eight black men in an elevator. 	我们八个黑人在电梯里。 
Hurts when you do that, man. 	你这样做就伤害了他，老兄。 
He's a friend. After all, it's your play. 	他是个朋友。那是你的戏剧。 
It's going to fall on us! Relax.	会压中我们！放心。
Do you think that machine gun is gonna make us buy your one stupid encyclopedia. 	你以为用你那机关枪就能逼我们买你的破百科全书？ 
Wheels up at sunrise if you have a change of heart. 	天黑之前出发，如果你改变了主意的话。 
You're talking five million for the boy. 	你说这个小伙子值500万美元。 
Why get on my case? 	为什么挑我毛病？ 
Because the Institute's research programs 	因为协会的调查计划 
So we caused a little ruckus, 	所以我们上演了个小戏码， 
I woke up when I heard someone speak.	一听到有人说话我醒了。
Fine! Go ahead sing...	好！来！星……
I cannot raise a bagel. 	我不能养小猎圈。 
During the guarantying maintain time between underwriting the contract and delivering the project, the project coordinator will track service and the client in regular time and will understand the usage information and requirement.	从与客户签定到工程交付使用保修期内，将委托项目协调员定期跟踪服务与客户，及时了解客户的使用情况及需求。
Did you find anything? Maybe.	有所发现吗？也许。
Like a collagen vascular or granulomatosis disease? 	就像胶原血管病或肉芽肿病？ 
I'm going to propose tonight. 	我今晚要求婚。 
Oh, Jonathan, this is fantastic. 	噢，乔纳森，真是棒极了。 
It's too late. No. 	太迟了。不。 
It is said that the entire hide of one bear can be used to create just one guard's headpiece.	据说一整头熊的皮毛只能用来生产一顶卫士的头盔。
I'm sorry, Alfred, but I can't raise a child on my own. 	抱歉，我不能自己一个人拉扯孩子。 
It's scary to even think about moving all the way across the country.	就连想想横跨过这个国家都让我害怕。
Among men, there was no link between depression and churchgoing habits.	而在男性中，抑郁和上教堂做礼拜之间没有相关性。
If you are looking for utter comfort, stay at this gorgeous smoker friendly room. 	如果您在寻找绝对舒适的酒店，入住这间极好的客吸烟客房吧。 
But I can't guarantee it's gonna tell you any more than I can. 	但是我不保证这会让你得到更多有用的信息。 
That's all I got. 	只想到这些了。 
You go through six housekeepers a year?	一年能够你逛六次商场的？
I tell you, it's a thoroughly sound proposition. 	我告诉你，那绝对是个好建议。 
Uh, my real name is Rachel. 	呃，我的真名是瑞秋。 
And teII her about the crocodiie I wrestied.	告诉她我摔跤时穿的鳄鱼皮。
I think I've done all I can do. 	我觉得我尽力了。 
We need to get the sticker to - right.	我们要把海报好的。
Could have occurred naturally the last time as well.	是否会对他的行为和健康产生影响。
Financial aid may be given by institutions in various ways and at two levels--undergraduate or other postsecondary, and graduate.	学校供给经济资助的方式很多，分为大学本科生或其他大专学生及研究生两级。
Hynkel takes power. 	希克勒掌权了。 
At 19 weeks the absence of the parietal bones became more evident and additionally choroid plexus cyst and renal pyelectasis were found.	孕19周时顶骨缺失更为明显，同时还发现有脉络丛囊肿和肾盂扩张。
I never liked him in the first place! 	我从第一次看见他就没好印象！ 
He must've heard me the first time and high - tailed it out of here. 	我第一次来的时候他肯定听到动静跑了。 
Sorry. I didn't realize what an inspiration he'd become to you in the last 20 minutes. 	抱歉，我想到才20分钟他就如此鼓舞到你了哦。 
Trust me, doctors can do nothing for her.	相信我，医生也无能为力。
You tell him your teacher won't let you quit.	你告诉他你的老师不让你放弃。
There should be 	在试图成为父母之前 
I think that one of the reasons that I, uh, 	我之所以当一个其中一个原因，呃， 
Oh! Hey! Leave him alone! Aah! 	哦！嘿！别碰他！啊！ 
Well, you think he'll live? 	嗯，你觉得他能活下来吗？ 
Finally, the market for the finished goods is boosted by easily assembled networks which can gain members quickly.	最后，那些灵活机动，能够迅速吸引成员加入的网络又会对成品市场产生推动。
Every lady alive was lovelier and higher born than my grandfather.	任何活着的女人都比我的祖父好看高贵。
You actually made a list?	你真的列了个单子？
Such drawing or documentation may not be utilized by the other party for its own account of third parties, and may not be copied, reproduced, or communicated to any third party without the consent of velmo international.	未经维尔莫国际同意，另一方不得因为第3方而使用这些图形或文档，也不可复制、重印和与任何第3方交流。
You do? I cook for my friends' parties back in Atlanta.	是吗？我在亚特兰大的时候为我朋友的聚会做过饭。
Uh, yeah, I wouldn't say many. 	嗯，对，其实也没有很多次啦。 
The obama girls may get private concerts by the jonas brothers, but only after their schoolwork is done on time.	奥巴马两姐妹或许可以享受乔纳斯兄弟的私人音乐会，但那只可能是在按时做完家庭作业之后。
You choose to overcall instead of remaining silent?	你选择争叫，而不是默不作声？
Where's the other baby? 	其他的宝宝呢？ 
What happened? All the lights went out. A fool cat jumped on a wire.	怎么了？灯都灭了。一只蠢猫跳到了电线上。
She didn't feel worthy.	她觉得自己不配。
Would the killer be that transparent? It seems so easy. 	凶手会那么明显吗？似乎太简单了。 
I didn't have to take him for ice cream. 	我没带他去吃冰淇淋哦。 
For more than 12 years,	已有十二年了，
Ah! Again, I'm kidding.	啊！我逗你呢。
Q. but the mass movement has stopped?	但是群众运动不是已经结束了吗？
You were arrested?! What did you tell the police?! 	你居然被捕了？那你是怎么跟警察说的！ 
But the judges wish she kept it in the present.	但是评委说希望看到她维持原样。
He's an asshole. He always was. 	他是个混蛋。他从来都是。 
Schedule an emergency meeting for noon	明天中午开紧急会议
Yeah, well, he found his way in here pretty damn fast. 	对他倒是手脚很快的找到这儿啦。 
Let's -  Do it one moretime? No -  	我们再 -  多做一次吧？不行 -  
Flat screen television, alarm clock radio, free Wi-Fi. 	提供平板电视、闹钟收音机、免费Wi-Fi。 
You've probably never been in love, you virgin otaku. 	你大概从没有恋爱过，爱情处女。 
Thinking people naturally deplore the rise of lowest-common-denominator blockbusters, and wish that more money were available to produce the kind of music, films and television programmes they like.	理性人群自然会对流行佳作占比的增加感到遗憾，他们希望更多的资金可以投入到他们喜欢的音乐、电影和电视节目中。
She can't sing like I can. 	他唱的没我好啊。 
Nobody in yo office notified you?	你的办公室没人通知你么？
Last year america's government accountability office said that genetic tests it had bought from four websites misled consumers into thinking they were at risk of ailments such as heart disease, osteoporosis and type 2 ( late onset) diabetes.	去年美国政府问责局说，购买自四个网站的基因测试，误导了消费者致使他们自以为处于患如心脏病，骨质疏松症和二型（晚发型）糖尿病等疾病的危险中。
Congratulations. Um... - Thank you. 	恭喜你。呃…- 谢谢。 
hey, check this out. 	嘿，瞧瞧这个。 
You love this stuff, lt's a habit l can't quite kick, 	你喜欢这玩意儿这是我改不了的习惯， 
Let's spend the night together?	一起共度良宵？
What kind of business do you think this is - 	你觉得这会是什么生意-- 
You were writing songs for him?	你在给他写歌？
Man, it was like the wild, wild west. You got to know who your friends were. 	伙计，就像是狂野的大西部。你要知道谁是你的朋友。 
I'm the one who can get the stones recut without a third party	我能找人重新切割钻石不让第三方
Why you singling me out? 	为什么你偏要找上我？ 
I might have told him to get even with some kids, 	我可能告诉过他可以去报复同学， 
Republican congressman peter king wasn't as delicate about the deceased.	共和党国会议员peter king对于这件死亡事件就不那么优雅了。
It's in his eyes. 	从他眼睛看出来。 
The children whooped when they were led to the picnic table.	当孩子们被领到野餐桌上时他们欢呼。
Like dad said. 	像爸爸说的那样。 
Witchery by the castle hotel edinburgh.	最近被预订的爱丁堡酒店。
Their paper is based in part on a study of business improvement districts ( bids) in los angeles.	这份文件的部分资料基于洛杉矶的经济改善区。
Gets the type resolution service to be used with this designer loader.	获取要与此设计器加载程序一起使用的类型解析服务。
You go off to play pool back in Moscow 	你返回莫斯科吧 
For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime, two wars, a planet in peri, the worst financial crisis in a century.	尽管今晚我们一起欢呼庆贺，但是我们了解明日的挑战穷其毕生的艰巨，两场战争，一颗处于危险边缘的星球，百年不遇的金融危机。
Fado: the unique and haunting fado is undoubtedly portugal's most famous music.	法多：独特的和令人难忘法多无疑是葡萄牙最有名的音乐。
And I could never figure out why. 	我永远无法找出原因。 
84 On 100 best companies to work for	100家最适宜工作的公司排名：第84位
On cnn late edition, hagel disputed president bush's recent assertion that the "surge" in us troop strength over the past year has brought peace and stability to iraq.	哈格尔在美国有线新闻网的“最新版本”节目中对布什总统的推断提出质疑，布什总统说，去年增派的美军为伊拉克带来和平与稳定。
He had us bury their bodies out in the woods.	他让我们在树林里埋了他们的尸体。
This is good. That was good. 	你干得很好。真的很好。 
Oops, I stepped in a puddle! 	唉哟，我踩进泥坑里了！ 
In the last three years. What's more, 	在过去3年中。而且， 
Are you coming in here? I'm all lathered up. 	你要进来了吗？我身上都是泡沫了。 
All the dancers on stage, line up, no shoes. 	所有舞蹈者上台，站成一行，光着脚。 
Men of what century?	哪一个世纪的男人？
I knew nobody beyond my own party. Nobody can be introduced at a ball. 	当时舞会上除了自己人我谁都不认识。舞会里是不兴请人介绍女伴的。 
Is both pretentious and sophomoric. 	不过是狂妄与无知的混合物。 
It is sometimes easier to illustrate an abstract concept by analogy with something concrete.	有时通过与某种具体事物的类比，更容易说明某个抽象的概念。
If you count web-based applications and online platforms, it is already huge and will become huger.	如果你算上以网络为基础的应用软件和网上平台，这两个服务已经很大了而且会变得更大。
Oh, you're gonna pay for what you did to me. 	啊，你会对你对我做的一切付出代价的。 
Countess... Thank you.	–伯爵夫人... –谢谢。
But now times are bad there is always a first time.	但现在时世不好凡事都有第一次嘛。
When l feel this way,	当我心情不好的时候
When you March on king's landing,	向君临进军，
And I didn't care. You know, I mean, this was my choice. 	但我不在乎这是我的选择。 
Oh, I have got the stuff, kitten.	我可有东西了，小猫。
That a professional arsonist tape - recorded the meeting 	与你的谈话 
What was it that he imagined for you?	他设想你会变成什么样？
This "pump and dump" scam involving venture command stock.	关于" 搏大" 股票的拉高出货的骗局吧。
Each evacuation sign must be a minimum of 144 sq. in. 	各疏散标牌总面积至少为144平方英寸 
About how the world is falling to pieces. 	世界怎么会分裂成这样的。 
So everyone's asking, who's killing the fedayeen? 	所以人人都在问，是谁干掉了法塔赫成员？ 
Traces of hydrogen peroxide in the kitchen, 	厨房里有痕量的双氧水， 
Your fate's tied to his. If he cops it...	你的命运和他悠息相关，要是他被抓…。
Third-party apps aren't allowed to access siri's technologies.	第三方应用并未允许使用siri的技术。
I was cleaning the fan switches. 	我在擦风扇的开关。 
Man,give me a t-shirt! Man,give me your shoes! Give me -	伙计，给我件体恤衫！把你的鞋子给我！给我-
He ain't going to smoke my ass. I'll check over here. 	他不能打中我。我来看那边。 
If you need help getting out of that, I'm right over here. 	如果你想换下来，就喊我一声。 
The navy s. E. A. L.S. You know why?	一帮坚强的混蛋不是吗？知道为啥不？
Francisco de Orellana disappeared into the Amazon looking for it in 1 546.	弗朗西斯科·尤里奥纳于1546年到亚马逊探索该城未果失踪。
I didn't have a choice, arch. You do. 	我没有选择，阿契。但你有。 
You making a cake? What's the hold - up on my pills? 	你在做蛋糕？那些药丸里面什么成份？ 
If you have questions or quibbles, my office is open.	有什么问题或独到见解到办公室找我。
I'm not blaming you. Well, that's what it sounds like.	我不是在怪你唔，听起来像是在怪我。
That means I have one night to myself, 	所以今晚就我一个人在家， 
And now they're just moments away...	现在他们只差片刻就可以...
Why'd the engine stop?	引擎为什么停了？
You don't even have to pay me.	你甚至不用给钱我。
I - I was home, watching TV. 	我-我在家，看电视。 
This fits with what we know about the lifestyle of the first bipeds but does not explain why they evolved specialist anatomy.	这符合我们所知的最早的两足动物的生活方式，但不能解释他们为什么进化成这种特有的骨骼。
I've noticed some damage and scarring that didn't show up on the Angela tron. 	我注意到你的仪器上没有显示出某些伤痕。 
I actually sympathize, which is beneficial. 	我挺同情你的，所以我们可以互惠互利。 
But you stood up to them. 	但是你勇敢的面对了他们。 
But I just found out that my girl,	但是我刚发现我的妞，
I find these developments disheartening, even though I cheerfully admit to being a member of the google-using majority.	我觉得事态发展让人沮丧，虽然我也是用google的多数派之一。
Ugh! I hate you. 	啊！我恨死你了。 
Which might be fine for you; however, I have a conscience. 	对你可能没事但是我是有公德心的。 
Can you just let me know how everyone's doing over there?	你能告诉我在场各位的情况吗？
As this colony's agent to the court has taught me anything, Mr. Dickinson,	住在伦敦那么久要说收获狄金森先生，
Nothing but supper time, 24 hours a day.	一天到晚就晓得吃晚饭。
To contact the media.	如何联系媒体的事宜。
Of dramatic literature is: he dies. 	它的高潮就是：他死了。 
Hi, I'm katie couric. Welcome to eye to eye.	大家好，我是凯蒂？库瑞克。欢迎来到《眼对眼》。
You hang tough. Sarge. 	勇敢撑下去，班长。 
We spent hours poring over these books. 	我们花了好长时间泡在这堆书里。 
It's no wonder suicide rates skyrocket this time of year.	怪不得每年这个时候自杀率狂飙呀。
How do I compare in these offerings to my competitors?	我应该怎样跟我的竞争对手相比？
Does he describe the horrors? 	有没有描述惨案经过？ 
( Thank you, china.)	（这一点要感谢中国。）
He's a nice guy, eh? 	他是个好人是吧？ 
Oh, that sounds a lot like your old I just found out my boyfriend's gay, so I'm eating cake and hot dogs diet.	哦，听起来跟你以前 发现我男朋友是基，所以我要吃蛋糕和热狗食谱挺像的。
Transfer of the multiple allele male sterile line in chinese cabbage.	大白菜细胞核复等位基因型雄性不育系转育研究。
Coming up, the agony continues.	接下来，痛苦仍在继续。
I'll take care of Danny!	我看着丹尼！
You see him again, you get a hold of me right away.	在看见他你就赶紧通知我。
When I got here I realized 	当我到这里以后我意识到 
Belief is the strongest mortar.	信念是最强固的灰泥。
How a tradition lives on.	传统就是这样延续的。
I'll meet you outside, okay?	咱们外面见，好吗？
Every year we go through the same thing.	每年都发生这种事。
Hello cat. 	你好，小猫。 
My own complete happiness, and the home-centred interests which rise up around the man who first finds himself master of his own establishment, were sufficient to absorb all my attention.	我的完满的幸福和第一次感到自己成为家庭的主人而产生的家庭乐趣，吸引了我的全部注意力。
Yeah, it - they're really bad children. 	唔，那个…他们不像是乖孩子。 
Pgh gene, transgenic pig, gene localization, in situ hybridization on chromosome.	转pgh基因猪外源基因染色体定位研究。
In their direction.	往它们的方向撞去。
I'm sorry I'm late. Morning. 	很抱歉我迟到了。早。 
You of all. 	在所有的人里。 
6 died in the fire that broke out in the kitchen next to the ward. 	其中有6个死于病区旁边厨房的一场大火。 
It is the only way that we can protect ourselves 	如果被捕这是保护我们自己  
I hear her. Barely, but she's there. 	我听到了。很弱，但的确是她。 
Okay, thanks. Had he ever tried to run away? 	好，多谢。他有没有想要离家出走？ 
Had some interesting things to say about the Greeks.	在谈及古希腊人时写下了一番颇有意味的话。
I do not care how 	我没那闲工夫 
I'll get him to talk with you.luther!	我让他过来跟你说，卢瑟！
All right. Look at this. Come here. Look. 	好，你们看。 
Some shansi houses have been around almost as long. The wind and harsh winter storms may beat upon them with ferocity.	同样某些山西房屋也存在了相当长的时间，可能也受到了风和恶劣冬季风暴的凶猛冲击。
Hey, kids, a little help here. 	嘿，孩子们，帮一把。 
What, are you Iove with him? No, I'm not in Iove with him.	怎么回事，你爱上他了？不，我并不爱他。
And made an offer before we did.	捷足先登了。
I think it came from your office. 	我觉得是你的人传出去的。 
Could mean a civil suit, criminal suit, negligence, pain and suffering, negligent pain and suffering.	可能意味民事诉讼，刑事诉讼，过失痛苦，创伤，疼痛和哮喘的过失。
Tonight, I'm getting you pissed and laid. 	今晚我要陪你不醉不归。 
Never seen anyone get into trouble so fast, 	从没看过有谁会这么快出问题的， 
First time we've had a resignation by text. 	我们第一次接到辞职短信。 
I'll start straightaway.	我马上去查。
My son trusted her. He said he loved her.	我儿子相信她。他说他爱她。
I ain't takir that home.	我才不带那玩意回家。
I need a clean spoon. 	我需要一个干净的勺子。 
We've seen his art. 	我们看过他的作品。 
Jon kyl of arizona issued a statement tuesday, saying that the senate's busy schedule does not permit full consideration of the treaty before the new congress convenes in january.	亚利桑那州参议员琼凯尔星期二发表了一份声明，表示参议院目前紧张的日程无法保证在明年新国会就任之前对这个条约进行充分的考虑。
In other parts of the north, as syria enters a new year of turmoil, the rebels have made greater advances, snatching towns and roads from the assad regime.	在北部的其他地方，随着叙利亚新一年骚乱的开始，反政府军已经有了更大的优势，他们不断地从阿萨德政权手里夺取城镇和街道。
Whenever you're ready... The pebble.	准备好就放马过来吧…小卵石。
So the machine is talking to him? 	所以那台机器是在和他聊天？ 
Hey, idiot. Do you know me? 	傻子。你认识我不？ 
Splinter on the right's from our vic's forehead.	右边是死者前额取出的裂片
And he doesn't understand what's happened to him, 	他不知道发生了什么事， 
Fellas,fellas,what's up?	伙计们，伙计们，你们好？
It sounds pretty fucking dubious.	听上去很棘手啊
Our political and economic systems are deeply immature, environmentalists need to spend just as much energy organizing political and economic environmentalism.	我们的政治与经济制度远未完善，环保主义者需要花费更多的精力在政治与经济上发起环保运动。
They `re looking for you	他们正要抓你
We cov not induce the old lady to travel by air.	我们没办法说服这老妇人乘飞机旅行。
I've never been allowed outside of the house.	任何时候我都不能离开这座房子。
They reference a sketch, I guess someone saw it at the dress. 	好像跟一个小品有关，我猜是有人看了彩排。 
And we're about to get funky. 	古怪的事来了。 
The most distant object for which an image can be formed on the retina is then nearer than infinity.	这时，能成象在视网膜上的最远物体比无穷远近。
To see that which is not there, gaze upon what is.	全神贯注屏息凝神，就能看见隐形事物。
Oh, hers. Hers.	她的，她的。
All right. Make it nice.  	很好。做好它。 
So cuttingly deep in your rectum? 	勒疼了你的屁股？ 
There's one other secret at work, though.	即使在工作中还有另外一个秘密。
I don't want her to become a returner. 	我不想她也成为复生者。 
Nationwide us television advertising campaigns are failing to reach a large portion of their target audiences, according to new research based on tv viewing data.	基于电视收视数据的新研究显示，美国全国电视广告宣传活动未能覆盖目标观众中的大部分人群。
The tidal effect, as it's called, is probably why astronomers have not been finding more hot jupiters practically grazing the outer atmospheres of their stars.	正是这种人们所称的潮汐效应也许就是实际上为什么天文学家还没有能找到掠过恒星外大气层有更多的热木星的原因。
Be equally motivated to find a cure? 	为了治好自己的儿子而四处奔波吗？ 
Flood, earthquake, extortion threats Anything can happen	洪水，地震，绑架什么事都可能发生
Grace tried on dresses over her shorts and tank top.	格雷斯试穿婚纱时仅穿着短裤和背心。
Bring the armour and the rest of it 	带走盔甲和其他的武器 
What about her school uniform? Can you identify her through that? 	她的学校制服呢？能通过那个辨认吗？ 
Wait. Are you here for me?	等等，你是为了我来的吗？
What he needs is a ride to the hospital and surgery as soon as possible, or he's a dead man.	他需要尽早去医院手术，不然他会死的。
At summer picnics, there is often an informal baseball game.	夏天野餐时就会有一次非正式的棒球比赛。
I think we should talk about what happened in the elevator.	我觉得我们该谈谈在电梯里发生的事。
The couch in the living room can be made up as an additional bed. 	客厅的沙发可以作为一个额外的床使用。 
And I'm leaving my mink behind on point of principle. 	为了尊严我都没把貂皮大衣带出来。 
But it's just like heaven here, sweetie.	但这里就好像天堂一样甜心。
Uh, that's not necessary. Oh, my God. 	呃，没什么必要。噢，我的天啊 
With ultramodern methods of treatment in many areas. 	在许多方面都拥有超现代化的治疗。 
Always a pleasure, gentlemen. 	我乐意效劳，先生。 
I've looked death in the eye and survived 	我从死亡中逃了出来 
Ashley cole gets three days off following the busy schedule of recent.	阿什利．科尔在近日的频密赛程下获得了三天的休息。
I was about to propound a question, touching the manner in which that operation of changing my heart was to be performed, when mrs. reed interposed, telling me to sit down, she then proceeded to carry the conversation herself.	我正要问他换心的手术怎样做时，里德太太插嘴了，吩咐我坐下来，随后她接着话题谈了下去。
Because, you know, maybe we can work on a story together... Or something. 	你们知道的，也许我们可以一起写... 或者写别的。 
So? I brought a forensic expert	我带来了一个法医他正在停尸房检查尸体
You said you that you didn't know Laura Cambridge. 	你说你不认识劳拉·坎布里奇。 
But not wit. How was it? Fun.	但不是智慧。怎么样？好玩。
The thought in my mind is, "no, thank you.	我内心的想法是：“不了，谢谢你。
He shall bathe himself with water in a holy place and put on his regular garments. Then he shall come out and sacrifice the burnt offering for himself and the burnt offering for the people, to make atonement for himself and for the people.	又要在圣处用水洗身，穿上衣服出来，把自己的燔祭和百姓的燔祭献上，为自己和百姓赎罪。
Get in! What about my fish? 	上车！那我的鱼怎么办？ 
...internet businesses that came a cropper.	突然遭受重创的因特网企业
Somebody broke into my place and put that gun there.	有人闯进我的屋子并把枪放在那里。
We know you didn't. 	我们知道不是你的错。 
And she's one of the friendly ones. I think I'd better get back to work. 	她真的很友善。我该回去上班了。 
Of course, I did. I knew that.	我当然知道这事。
don't push it, but call me later. 	别太过分，不过晚点再打给我。 
Steve wozniak engineered the first apple.	史蒂夫•沃兹尼亚克开发了第一台苹果产品。
Hospitality trays, direct dial telephones, hair dryers and ironing facilities are also provided. 	提供招待托盘，直拨电话，吹风机，熨烫设备。 
Lamar, the kid wasn't wearing a shirt. 	拉玛，那男孩没穿上衣。 
When you talk about it, you make it sound exciting and heroic. 	当你谈论这些时，你把这一切说得很兴奋很伟大。 
Education represents another significant expense for the typical chinese family.	对一般中国家庭而言，教育是另一项大笔支出。
Yeah, I called her and left a message, but, well, she didn't call back. 	嗯，我给她电话留言了，不过她还没回信呢。 
I got money on the basketball game tonight. 	今晚的篮球赛我下了赌注。 
Bats, one of the largest alternative exchanges, announced last month that it was acquiring rival chi-x to create an even larger platform.	最大的新兴交易所之一——BATS上月宣布正在收购竞争对手Chi-X，以打造一个规模更大的平台。
I got me a score of twelve. Beat that.	我杀了12个，我破了记录。
Missing a financial target could be the occasion for a volcanic explosion from poling.	如果公司没有满足某个财务目标，波林可能就会“火山爆发”。
Pollux, l hand fed you those pills for years.	没波利，我一直知道你吃药。
Last guy that dressed like a cop and raped women 	上一次扮成警察的强奸犯 
I don't know KF we can or not. 	我也不知道我们能不能。 
Fine. Where are you headed, huh?	好吧。你要去哪？
Some of the guys were afraid they were gonna lose their jobs?	一些人害怕失去工作？
Ready the plane. These fuckers are going down.	准备飞机。这些傻瓜倒霉了。
Can I see you for a moment?	我可以和你聊一会吗？
He just came in.you didn't see him?	他刚走进去.你没看见他？
Stop it, baldy! 	光头佬，别乱来！ 
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's the catch here, man?	呜，等等。该不会有诈吧？
All right, is this one of those moments I'm gonna have to remember later	好吧，我是不是该记住今天的事
I almost fainted when we shopped for a cousin's birthday in a montevideo toy store: the same toys I pay a dollar for at target cost the equivalent of$ 10 there.	有一次我们在蒙得维的亚的玩具店里给一个表亲选购生日礼物：在target花一美元就能买到的玩具在这里差不多要卖10美元，看得我都快晕倒了。
How about the part that stops you from driving off right now?	因为你见到我并没有转头就走？
Hey, hey. Maybe this is a good thing. 	嘿，嘿。也许这是好事。 
She's playing a recital at the Mcbierny school.	她会在麦克拜耳尼学校开独奏会。
Is the cousin I usually go to weddings with.	以前常被我拉来去参加婚礼。
Keep those civilians out of there. 	别让平民靠近那里！ 
There are about 100 unauthorised developments in the west bank.	西岸有约100处未被授权的建筑。
Today is their toughest day in front of our four judges, 	今天将是他们在四位评委面前最难熬的一天， 
Take his much - deserved electoral beating without being able to utter...	像他应得的那样被打败并输的一塌糊涂...
In the history of this restaurant... 	在这个餐厅的历史上... 
No. Not you. Still talking to K. W.!	不！不是你！
I was on a planet a while back. 	回来后我在一个星球上待过。 
We don't got a whole day.	我们都没有一整天了。
He never keeps them for more than 7 days which means we have fewer than 36 hours to find her. 	他从不会保留这些人超过7天意味着我们有不到36小时的时间来找到她。 
You're gonna pay for what you took. She was just a whore. 	你得为你干的好事付出代价她只是个妓女而已。 
Really? Then I'm coming here for holiday	不是吧？那我不就是来这里渡假了
Just when we had a chance to be a family again, 	等我们有机会再成为一家人的时候， 
Stamps and postcards available at front desk. 	前台提供邮票和明信片。 
What do you want? We wanted to know - 	你想要什么？我们想知道— 
Each person gets $2.5 million. But the other two guys didn't come. 	每人可以分250万。但他们都没有来。 
No, no, this example,	不，举个例子来说吧，
Not confused me	对我来说不难
Thenorthernlights aurora borealis, arepoweredby energy from outer space.	北极之光简称为北极光,是来自外太空的能量产生的。
Oh, come on. That's not what I -	我不是这个意思-
So you gonna be around later on?	那你以后还来吗？
Rapidly moving in parallel sweeps,	快速地进行平行扫描，
Capt. dubois. Do you speak french?	我是dubois上尉,你讲法语吗？
I'm gonna need you to show me some form of identification, miss.	我需要你给我看一下身份证，小姐。
Well, we're not not talking. 	嗯，我们不说话。 
There are RIS K s.	总会有危险。
What makes you think I won't start with you? 	什么让你觉得我不会从你开始？ 
When I suggested those he try shaving cream, he say, "the razor and runing water do the job."	当我提议他用刮胡膏时，他说“剃刀和水就行了”。
We sailed into a beautiful and sile= nt bay.	我们驶进一个美=丽而安静的海湾。
Mission San Antonio de Valero (The Alamo) 	圣安东尼瓦莱罗任务（阿拉莫） 
She dishonoured us... 	她让我们颜面扫地... 
Qinghai-tibet railway to enter 4th winter operation.	青藏铁路进入第四届冬季运行。
We require everybody, and not just the democratic personages, to respect the revolutionary legal system.	我们要求所有的人都遵守革命法制，并不是只要你民主人士守法。
we have this bet on over here,Do you have a girlfriend?	我们在那里打赌，你有女朋友吗？
Just write it off? 	写下来没有？ 
But what you did goes beyond this task. 	但是你的所作所为和任务相去甚远。 
I'm glad you think losing your daughter is funny. 	很高兴你认为失去你女儿很好笑。 
I'm crying so much. 	我不停哭泣。 
They think it might be something like 15, 12 next year.	明年也许是十五，或者十二亿美圆。
No, don't be. I would have done exactly the same thing to you.	不，不用道歉换我也是一样的。
I'm sorry you got stuck with this one, sweetheart.	我很抱歉你被这家伙粘住了，亲爱的。
But nurun is still assessing the quality of the buzz to determine how much of the chatter is positive, and if the campaign has made viewers more predisposed to buy the product.	不过nurun仍在评估这种声势的优劣，确定有多少讨论是正面的，以及活动是否令观众更倾向于买这个产品。
Been away, but now I'm back.	我刚才走开了，不过现在又回来了。
How do you do? We were expecting you earlier. 	你好。我们以为你会早点来的。 
A painting is art.	绘画就是门艺术。
Mr mandelson's stern words come after tokyo rejected, on national security grounds, a proposal by the children's investment fund, a uk activist fund, to double its stake in j-power, an electric power wholesaler, to 20 per cent.	在曼德尔森发表这一严厉讲话之前，日本政府以国家安全为由，拒绝了英国维权基金儿童投资基金（children's investment fund）有关将其在日本电力批发商日本电源开发公司（j-power）股权比例提高一倍至20%的提议。
Now I know this has been difficult for everybody involved. 	我知道大家卷入此事都很为难。 
You're hurting everyone. 	你让大家很不舒服。 
Was me, I'd prefer to be dead. 	换作我，我宁可死翘翘。 
God, you do not shut up at once? No. They are not awake. 	上帝，你不闭嘴一次？-不，他们没有醒来。 
With a little less gumption and a lot less gearing, "dubai is plausible".	少了点智慧，少了点自主，迪拜不过是巧舌如簧。
That it was nothing more than that	那没有什么比这更好在我废除你和联调局的协约
The idea of facial sculpture was developed almost 50 years ago by soviet archaeologist mikhail gerasimov, who recreated tsar ivan the terrible, amongst others.	面部雕塑的创意是由苏联考古学家米哈伊尔格拉希莫夫于五十年前提出的，他重塑了包括可怕的沙皇伊凡在内的很多人。
Of being unable to strike back.	会进行反击。
I told you. When you pay me back. 	我告诉过你了。等你还清你的债。 
But we never directly detected one. 	但是我们还没有直接发现到。 
My grandma says... 	我奶奶说…… 
He cares. Could you talk to him? 	他开始关心了你能跟他谈谈吗？ 
Okay, daddy. Come on. 	好吧，老爸。快走。 
Officials declined to comment further.	中国官员拒绝进一步置评。
You made good time. 	我来的真快。 
Not a lot of laughs in Kosovo.	科索沃没什么欢声笑语。
Okay, moment of truth. Ready?	好吧，时辰已到，揭晓？
However, if we are to discuss the probability of a fiscal crisis, canceling out intra-governmental assets and liabilities is relevant.	然而，如果我们讨论的是一场财政危机的可能性，则政府内部资产和债务的抵消则与之有关。
I'm going to need to get your fingerprints	我需要取下你的指纹
It's okay if you did 	如果是也没关系 
He got a phone call a couple minutes ago, went down the hall to take it. 	几分钟前他的手机响了，他走到大堂去接。 
Hey, this may be Sarah's only opportunity to know the real you. Right? 	嘿，这可能是莎拉真正了解你这个人的唯一机会。对吧？ 
How did they get him out?	他们怎么把他弄出来的？
Because none of earth's seven seasare the biggest or deepest oceans, 	因为地球七大洋里没有一个是最大最深的海洋， 
Minka, listen closely.	米可，听我说。
He's so hopeIess!	他输定了！
Whitman came in during the middle of that freefall, becoming hp's ceo in 2011.	惠特曼正是在惠普股价自由落体之际闪亮登场，在2011年成为惠普CEO。
I could get rid of war - 	我本可以避开这场战争 - 
We're being intrepid. We're out to discover	我们是勇猛无畏的。我们不会被发现的
So it was the dream? 	所以是梦害的？ 
All these calls were made 	所有这些电话 
Did you get that? Did you get it?	你拍下来了吗？拍下来了吗？
She looked just like my mom	她看起来跟我妈妈长的一样
We wish you a fun time redecorating!	我们祝你快乐的时光重新装修！
don't be so pessimistic. It's exhausting. 	别这么悲观。会令你疲乏的。 
He really makes me mad! Stole 20 million from me then ask for 100,000 more!	他真是气坏我，偷了我两千万还敢问我多要十万！
This used to be their farm!	这就是旧家农庄！
Everything's all right. Please get into your beds. 	什么事都没有。赶快睡进床里。 
Can I find an orbit of a planet 	我能不能找到 
That's what we try to figure out.	我们还想知道呢。
But, I can hear big water? 	但，我听见很多水的声音？ 
You're scared to death of losing anyone that matters. 	你害怕失去重要的人。 
Its president, gundagai gp paul mara, says change is going to be costly but necessary.	协会会长家庭医生保罗玛拉称这次变动付出的代价很大但是是必要的。
You should've heeded my warning. 	你应该听从我警告的。 
In a crowd full of innocent people. 	在无辜的人群中动手。 
He's third! Now second! 	他是第三，现在第二！ 
Wanna see some infected rats?	想看一些被感染的老鼠吗？
I don't want some mob down here from school while I'm giving birth. 	我不想生的时候有人从学校冲过了。 
They were warm and mushy and squishy.	它们又热又粘，而且都稀巴烂了。
Your teachers thought I'd be good to carry on with the sacred fire ceremony as usual. 	你们老师想让我主持圣火仪式。 
Goodbye, Nelly. Thanks for everything.	再见，萘莉。谢谢您所做的一切。
Okay, so, for tomorrow,	好的，那么，明天，
Is the one thing I have never been able to get you to stop doing.	一直以来我没能让你戒掉的习惯。
I can't remember when. Peter borough, I think it must've been. 	我不记得什么时候了。在彼得伯勒，我想是。 
This wind is really more of a light breeze.	你应该想一些轻松的话题。
Do you think he's doing this on purpose?	你觉得他是故意这么做的么？
I mean, I knew it was wrong, but... She was your friend, and I... Trusted her. 	我是说，我知道不对，但……她是你的朋友我相信她。 
This is a perfect day for golfing, isn't it? It's cooler at 8:00. 	今天很适合打高尔夫，不是吗？8点时更凉爽些。 
Suites have 2 37-inch HD LCD TVs, 2 bathrooms, refrigerator and microwave. Guests can enjoy a complimentary continental breakfast that includes hot sausage gravy and biscuits, make your own fresh waffles, hard boiled eggs, fresh fruit, cereals, breads, Danish, muffins, coffee, tea, milk and juice. 	套房配置有2台37寸高清液晶电视、2个浴室、冰箱和微波炉。客人可享用免费的欧陆式早餐，包括热香肠肉汁和饼干、自制的新鲜华夫饼、白煮蛋、新鲜水果、谷类食品、各式面包、丹麦甜糕饼、小松饼、咖啡、茶、牛奶和果汁。 
Guillaume, the door is open, it brings you death.	季劳姆，大门已然打开，它将会带你走向死亡。
That you should cease to be an employee here - 	你应该停止再做这里的雇员- 
We've got to tell the townspeople!	我们已经告诉了市民！
As soon as spot prices drop, chinese traders locked into more expensive contracts have an incentive to default, and to buy the commodity cheaper in the spot market.	一旦现货价格下跌，以更高价格签订了某一大宗商品购买合同的中国交易商就有动机违约，然后到现货市场购买价格更低的该种大宗商品。
Your friends. Your homes.	你的朋友，你的家。
As a result, the overall growth for the sub-region was a modest two percent, reflecting the dominance of the india inbound travel market in the region.	因此，整个南亚地区的总体增长水平仅有2%，这反映了印度在该地区的入境旅游市场中占有主导地位。
It must be here. 	它肯定在这。 
Person in shanghai: can't study, the academic association see breeze make rudder, five* four new culture sport is you to make of?	上海人：不会就学嘛，要学会见风使舵，五*四新文化运动是你们搞的吧？
he's most likely operating in one of the coastal cities. 	他最有可能在沿海城市行凶。 
But tonight, it's just a little bit lacking in the technique to make me really enjoy it. 	但是今晚你欠缺了点技术这使我反而让我更欣赏你的舞。 
Join Free	免费注册
And a fifth of Fleming's commander Jamaica rum.	以及一小瓶牙买加朗姆酒。
And you sit there in denial like some fucking royalty.. 	你还坐在你的王位上人模狗样的矢口否认... 
Okay, why don't I just scoot back to my office and get my files and my notes and my laptop?	好吧要不我跑回办公室把我的文件笔记和本本都拿来？
All right. Wait, you have to come to my graduation party this Friday.	好的。等等，周五你一定要来我的毕业晚会。
But if you pull that trigger, it is gonna be you going to prison and not him. 	但是如果你现在开枪那么进监狱的就是你而不是他。 
When was his last polypectomy? Since you're familiar with the patient. 	他上次息肉切除术是什么时候？你很了解病人嘛。 
If you feel enough pain. 	如果你感到足够的痛苦。 
He's very late with my money. 	他欠我的钱很久了。 
You've got a friend in me yes you do 	我是你好朋友一点也没错 
Oh, I used to throw this amazing Halloween party. 	我以前常办万圣节派对。 
I'm willow Smith - ing my daughter. Her album drops next week. 	我在用威尔史密斯的招捧我女儿。她的专辑下个月发售。 
Out. Now. Go. Come on, Steph. 	出去，马上别这样，斯蒂芬妮。 
Well, why’d you park crooked?	好，那你为什么停得歪歪斜斜的？
Y - you... You should have thought about that before you started in with all the lip. 	你-你... 在你开口之前应该多用用脑子。 
Obviously, if you think you can earn 8% to 10% on your cash elsewhere, you're not going to be enthusiastic about an accelerated pay-down, unless your mortgage interest rate is extremely high.	显然，如果你想用现金以其他方式获取8%至10%的利润，你不会对加速分期付款感兴趣，除非你的抵押贷款利率非常高。
There are times when I feel so alone, 	有时候我觉得好孤独， 
Like mouth feel and flavor. 	例如口感和味道。 
What is it? Well...	怎么了？嗯...
Well. - do it over. 	好吧。- 重做吧。 
Lola and Carla, do you have to talk?	洛拉和卡拉，你们必须交谈吗？
I just wanted to say I think it's inspiring this book you're doing.	我认为你正在进行的那本书实在让人兴奋。
While european nations recalled their diplomats from tehran, some muslim authors, like nobel prize winner naguib mahfouz, defended rushdie and accused the khomeini of "intellectual terrorism."	欧洲各国纷纷从德黑兰召回自己的外交官，而一些穆斯林作家，如诺贝尔奖患上主纳吉布马赫福兹，则声援拉什迪，指责霍梅尼弄“常识恐怖主义”。
For 2.50 pound an hour it's your money.	一小时2块五你的钱。
Next year, department stores in australia will start selling ready-made cleverley shoes.	明年，澳洲百货商店将开始销售cleverley的成鞋。
I couI'd enjoy becoming addicted to things of I 'uxury. 	我是可以沉迷在富贵荣华里的。 
He did everything you asked. 	他对你言听计从。 
God, I keep doing that. You just look like such a Dick to me. 	天，我一直以为你只不过是我所想的迪克。 
A more relaxed working relationship, hmm?	更和谐一些的合作方式？
Male employees writhing to "toxic," by britney spears, via microsoft kinect: 1	站在微软Kinect体感游戏机前面伴着小甜甜布兰妮《Toxic》的歌声扭动身体的男性员工人数：1人。
I'm not sure what that is right there.	我不确定那边是什么。
How successful implementation name brand strategy is the sixth part take haired as the example.	第六部分是以海尔为例怎样成功实施名牌战略。
In 1992, the company began a$ 2.9 billion power plant project with the dabhol power company, backed by the indian government.	1992年，在印度政府的支持下，安然与大博电厂（Dabhol Power Company）启动了一个价值29亿美元的电厂合作项目。
I mean, I wasn't trying to show you up or anything. 	我是说，我并不是在你揭你老底。 
You have to go out there and make friends with him. 	你得跟他做朋友。 
To solve these brutal attacks. To help, 	为了解决这起血案， 
I received some papers, a form, 	我收到了一些文件。一个学徒... 
Social game giant zynga ( znga), for one, is paying attention.	社交游戏公司Zynga对格里芬的点子很感兴趣。
Hey, lady, need some help? 	嗨，女士，需要帮忙吗？ 
Well, I did stop that prophecy from coming true. 	我阻止了那个预言成为现实。 
I love a good "Gatsby" look. 	我喜欢这“盖茨比”的扮相。 
Artificial neural networks were used to emend and analyze the chroma of scar tissue in pictures.	用人工神经网络方法对瘢痕图像的色度进行校正和分析。
They may appear jumbled, but people who worked together and died together are grouped together.	这些名字看上去杂乱无章，但是这些在一起工作并且一起死亡的人的名字被归类在了一起。
If you don't mind slumming it, 	如果你不介意，来贫民窟， 
All right, what am I looking for?	好的，我该找什么？
You knew he would have the same disease as you,	你应该知道你的眼睛会遗传给他的，
We cannot be too careful of health.	我们无论如何注意健康也不为过。
A member of a people of central mexico whose civilization was at its height at the time of the spanish conquest in the early 16th century.	阿兹特克族墨西哥中部民族的一支，其文明程度的最高峰处于16世纪初西班牙的攻占时期。
Bro, I ain't trying to compromise. 	哥们，我是不会妥协的。 
I am an independent woman, working to save money to move out of my father's house 	我是个独立的女性，我要挣钱然后搬出爸爸的房子 
Yeah, but in your garage,	是，但在你车库里时，
We're engaged. We'll now be married. And then?	我们订婚了。我们会很快结婚。然后 ？
And if there's one thing I can't abide, 	我唯一无法忍受的事， 
Gee, boss, you're wise to everything before it happens. 	天哪，老板，你很有先见之明啊。 
So what if we, like, lay down on the bed 	如果如果我们躺在床上 
Wedding services, meeting area and honeymoon suite available 	提供婚宴服务、会议区和蜜月套房 
Sure! Can I write down my address and phone number for you? 	当然。我能把我的地址和电话留给你吗？ 
Sounds like you two are close. We all are now.	听着似乎你们关系不错。现在我们关系都不错。
Still a little fight left in you. 	你还在负隅顽抗， 
I suppose you couldn't.	你想你也不会。
America bruised icelandic feelings when it pulled out of its keflavik air base in 2006.	2006年美国撤回了在冰岛的空军基地，这多少损害了冰岛的感情。
All right. Make me an offer.	好吧。出个价吧。
Christ, he can't fucking see where he's going! 	天啊，他不知道该走哪一边！ 
This must be my lucky - 	今天是我的幸运- 
Given the seriousness of its fiscal troubles greece had little choice but to attack its deficit on all fronts.	由于希腊的财经问题的严重性，它不得不全方面的对付赤字问题。
Yep. We got two sons, and they're gay for each other. 	是啊，咱们都有儿子，又认定了彼此。 
He was a thug who out-thugged another thug.	他只是一个以暴制暴的暴徒。
Nah, yo. This shit is boring. Fuck it. 	不，这破事太闷了你妹的。 
Oh, now you're gonna get it. Hey.	现在你们要见识一下。嘿。
And then at the uppermost part the way in which the upper part of the column and the capital are dressed smooth and seem to emerge.	在最上面的部分柱子光滑的上部和柱头都是通过这种方式逐渐显露出来。
He let his wife deal with the problem without his meeting it head on.	他让他老婆去处理这个问题，避免自己直接碰这个钉子。
And I'm concerned. Yeah, okay. So? 	我担心。对，好的。那么？ 
Now, you hoard of enthusiastic youth.	现在，你们都积蓄着青春的无限活力。
Actually, I'm a perfectionist. 	实际上，我是一个完美主义者。 
Cable or satalite television, 80 channels of FOXTEL to all rooms. 	所有房间均配有有线电视或卫星电视，Foxtel 提供 80 个频道. 
Body and soul 	提供身体和灵魂套餐。 
And a mother has to do what she has to to save her children,	做母亲的会尽一切可能救自己的孩子，
Tell me what you got. 	告诉我你发现了什么。 
Not realizing that we're a part of it	一直没有意识到我们是这世界的一分子
Well, let this creep go. We don't have anything on him. 	好啦，让他滚吧。他身上没有我们要的东西。 
Hey. Back up. Let me know how it rides. 	嗨，退后。帮我试试它的性能到底如何。 
Describing himself as the first "real-time representative", mr culberson says he uses qik to "shine sunlight into all the dark corners of congress."	科波逊自称是第一个“实时众议员”，利用qik，“让阳光照到国会每一个黑暗角落”。
I've treacle and toffee, I've tea and I've coffee	我有蜜糖和太妃，我有茶和咖啡
I feel like I just want to mix it up with my hair this summer. 	我觉得今年夏天我就想把头发弄成这样。 
I know that it might not seem like it sometimes, 	我知道虽然有时看起来不像， 
Let's put together a plan.	咱们想个计划。
Who can say, I have made my heart clean, I am pure from my sin?	谁能说，我洁净了我的心。我脱净了我的罪。
George was a student of mine a long time ago. 	乔治很久以前曾经是我的学生。 
When is check-in and check-out time?	入住和退房是什么时候呢？
The glory days.	曾经的光辉岁月。
And things seem so sharp.	一切都显得那么明晰。
At last, he contrasts chinese cartoons with foreign ones from their respective survival and actual situation and points out deficiencies of chinese cartoons and its own laws of production and market.	最后通过对比国外美术片的生存、创作现状，找出自身的不足，探寻出适合目前中国美术片的创作与市场规律。
We have to go back. Are you crazy? 	我们得回去。你疯了？ 
So this could only mean one thing. 	所以这就意味着一件事。 
I may, uh, never even find out.	我可能永远都不会有这样的机会。
But you taught me we originate from monkeys. 	但是你教导我们说：人类起源自猿类。 
Into having sinful sexual intercourse. 	与他发生了罪孽的性关系。 
Her passion unbridled...	她的欲望会像野马脱缰…
Please, hurry. Dooley, where you going? 	拜托，快一点你去哪？ 
Ooh, when you said you were busy, you weren't kidding. 	哦，你说很忙，还真不是开玩笑。 
Is smarter than homeland security, the FBI,	比国土安全部，联邦调查局，
Mostly, I think, plastic.	我想大部分是塑料。
It's illegal for you to be here. You're committing a crime.	你呆这是非法的。这相当于犯罪。
Yeah, sure, but having a dark side and doing something so evil... 	是啊，是没错，但是拥有阴暗面跟去做邪恶的事... 
I'm gonna roll this out. 	我将会把这个大量投产。 
Oh, chivalry is dead.	哦，骑士精神已经死绝了。
Because I don't agree. What are you saying? 	我不同意。你在说什么？ 
Possible flush .	我可能是同花。
Move, or you'll be shot!	快跑，不然你会被打中的！
I kind of know how to do an end run around people. 	我知道什么叫迂回战术。 
Imagine her delight when she learned. 	想象下如果她知道了会有多高兴。 
Of course you can walk to candleford.	你当然能走到烛镇。
I'm glad you guys can be there. 	很高兴你们俩能来。 
I'm going to take you home, OK?	我带你回家，好么？
Damn, it's waterlogged.	我操进水了。
You already knew that, right?	你不早就知道了么？
Single floppy disk-the complete custom package will be generated, but another set of files which allow the user to connect and begin setup will be set aside and can fit on one floppy disk.	单张软盘-生成完全自定义的软件包，并另外保留一组文件。这些文件用于用户进行连接并开始安装，可以储存在一张软盘上。
And what you did was brave.	而且你的行为的确很勇敢。
I haven't had the chance to trace them to Saunders yet. 	但我还没查到桑德斯。 
Because in the time it took to go round the gallery,	因为在美术馆里参观的过程中，
The events of the past two weeks in belarus and kyrgyzstan have provided a humble reality check and exposed the hollowness of russia's neo-imperialist ambitions among the states that once made up the soviet union.	过去两周发生在白俄罗斯和吉尔吉斯斯坦的事件给出了羞辱似的现状核实，同时暴露了俄罗斯在前苏维埃联盟成员国中新帝国主义野心的空虚。
Yet, the ghanaian-born leader urges slovenians not to compare him with america's first elected black president. The incoming mayor makes clear that he is different than president barack obama.	然而，加纳出生的领导人敦促斯洛文尼亚不是比较美国的第一位民选市长黑president.the传入他明确指出，他比总统奥巴马不同。
We buy another floor of offices.	咱能买一层楼做办公室了。
Science? Nonsense.	科学？胡扯。
It's chickweed. The things you know. 	是繁缕。你很熟悉这些。 
Because I'm being forced by the evil powers that be	因为我被邪恶力量强迫
Have you noted evidence of unusual powers? 	他有哪些特异功能？ 
Flyover States and the East coast. 	中西部和东海岸地区。 
I just think we should've discussed it 	只是我们应该事先讨论一下 
The latest action came this past weekend when the people's bank of china doubled the yuan intraday trading band from+/-0. 5 Percent to a full percentage point.	最新的动作来自上周末，中国人民银行将人民币当日交易区由±0.5%提高到±1%。
Liquid fresh water is unequally distributed, being rare in the tropics but plentiful on the equator and in temperate regions.	淡水是液体分布不均衡，是罕见的热带地区，但在赤道丰富和温带地区。
Geiss had devised this experiment to study the sun's continuous flux of charged particles, called the 'solar wind'.	geiss设计了这个实验以研究太阳的连续不断的带电粒子流，即“太阳风”。
A stalagmite appears like an inverted stalactite.	石笋像倒生的钟乳石。
You know the kind of bloke didn't go out much, just lived for his family.	你知道他那人不太出门很顾家。
I understand you lost a resident. 	我能理解你失去一名住院医生的心情。 
Generalized syst of preference certificate of origin form "a"	普惠制格局“a”产地证实书
With the current trend, the public fill capacity will be exhausted by 2009, which means that the inert construction waste will have to go to the landfills.	以目前的趋势，现有的公众填料容量会于2009年饱和。届时惰性建筑废物只能被运往堆填区弃置。
I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. 	我知道在我有生之年他们是不会让我出去的。 
Right this way, gentlemen. 	两位这边请！ 
But as Paxton wrote very, very memorably, 	帕克斯顿在书中提出一个极其出彩的论点， 
If he doesn't feel guilty, he'll never learn shame. 	如果他不感觉到犯罪感，他永远都学不会知耻。 
They feel very strongly about it.	他们很坚持这点。
Because you make zero effort with him. 	但是你从不给他机会。 
All right. How do you want me? Face down, ass up in...	好的。你想怎么玩？脸朝下，臀部抬……
So obviously, it didn't come from him..what? 	所以显然，这不是他的脚印。那又怎样？ 
Was it the tie? 	是因为领带的事么？ 
So I'm doing something about it. 	所以我得干点事情。 
What, we got to go through the whole alphabet?	不会还要查字母表找吧？
They're here, Abe.	他们来了，亚伯。
Inside the bottom of your glass is a colored mark. 	在每个人杯子的底部都有一个彩色标记。 
Do you spend hours sitting in front of the computer most of your work day?	大多数工作日你花几个小时坐在电脑前吗？
The zoo, the most-visited site in israel that charges admission, gets no state money.	作为以色列游客量最多的收费景点，动物园没有拿政府一分钱。
Give me some light. 	帮我照明一下。 
For the brigadiers. 	为了准将。 
But I think you understand the situation.	但是我认为你清楚自己的处境。
But I tell you what. My mom - 	不过，我告诉你了，我妈妈... 
They became vocal, even trenchant, in their discontent.	他们大声甚至是犀利的表达自己的不满。
The winner of today's challenge will appear in 	今天挑战的胜利者会出现在 
To the republicans, fiscal responsibility is a fantasy sunset provision.	对共和党人来说，财政负责就是制定一条白日梦般的日落条款。
According to well-placed sources, work on "strikeback" has already begun in the uk, with the serious organised crime agency ( soca) and the metropolitan police's e-crime unit working to deploy teams.	根据一位高层消息人士的说法，“网络反击战”已经在英国启动，由打击严重有组织犯罪署（soca）和伦敦警察局电子犯罪组协同部署人员。
I don't know, you know. I just thought it would be so different, you know?	我不知道，你知道的。我只是觉得这会变的完全不同的，你明白吗？
But I did not deserve that pathetic little bitch - slap just now. 	但我不该挨你刚才那娘娘腔的一巴掌。 
You're not leaving. You're both staying here.	你不用走。你们俩都留下。
None of it's mine, not one single word.	不是我的一个字都不是。
In the short run, I think that means we can expect a lot of flailing about by politicians looking for some way to score points.	短期来看，我估计政客们会有很多动作，以求得在这个事件中获得加分。
We deserve a well - cooked meal after eating all that hospital cafeteria food.	在医院吃了那么多天食堂我们该大吃一顿了。
And it's I who am ready.	我做好准备了。
The consumption of alcohol is so widespread in history, says patrick mcgovern, an archaeological chemist at the university of pennsylvania, that drinking is, in effect, "a universal language".	宾夕法尼亚大学的考古化学家patrick mcgovern说酒精消费在历史上分布很广，事实上，饮酒是“一个全球话语”。
You're full but still crying?	吃饱了还哭？
Her father was a gentleman, and a gentleman of fortune.	她的父亲是位绅士，并且是位富有的绅士
I was hoping you'd visit today, 	我知道你今天会来， 
Assuming she'd actually even be talking to me.	假设她真的会和我说话的话。
Okay, so... What? You want me to get you streamers?	好的，那么……怎么着？你想让我帮你弄点彩带？
Nokia has struggled to produce a lucrative rival to the iphone.	诺基亚正在费力地使自己的盈利能够匹敌iphone。
No inte e physical activities during this critical period!	在这段非常时期不要做剧烈运动！
Just here. Oh, right, I'm sorry.	就在这里。噢，对了，对不起。
Whoa. - come on. 	喔。- 少来了。 
In an age of professionals, the ability of amateur scientists to make meaningful contributions has almost vanished.	当今世界，专业人士主导天下，业余科学家想要做出积极贡献却心有余而力不足。
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! What the hell you doing in here? hi! 	嘿，嘿，嘿，嘿，嘿！你在这里搞什么鬼？你好！ 
Okay, 'cause I don't wanna do anything like that.	好吧，因为我可不想走到那个地步。
Can we see in the house at all? 	我们能看到房子里的情况吗？ 
Five points on the financing.	筹资付你们5% 的利率。
Or is there something deeper?	亦或是其他深层次的东西？
Yeah, we kind of figured that. 	是啊，我们猜到了。 
What are you taking issue with? 	你争辩些什么？ 
Let's give her another round of applause!	再次掌声鼓励！
I'm sure she'd love to see your travels.	我想她一定很乐意观看你的旅行记录。
I've heard about your American casual Friday, 	我听说过周五休闲装日， 
They found him clinging to life.	他们找到他的时候他已经奄奄一息了。
North korea's envoy to the talks, kim kye-kwan, said he was prepared to discuss first-stage measures but that any moves by north korea will be based on whether the u.s. will give up what he referred to as its "hostile policy" towards pyongyang.	北韩谈判代表金桂冠表示，他准备好讨论第一阶段的措施，但是北韩的任何行动都要看美国是否放弃对平壤的“敌对政策”。
Uh... I guess about six Mont.	呃... 六个多月吧。
I am not like you. I don't know anything about fighting. 	我和你不一样。我对打架一窍不通。 
It's arithmetically possible, of course, but there are two schools of thought about how to proceed.	数字目标当然能够算得出来，但是如何达成，则有两派理论。
That's... Tough.	哇真是…艰难。
You stop singing that secular music, 	你别再唱那些世俗的歌了， 
Then to me. - it was? I didn't know that.	传给我- 是吗？我都不知道。
Only because you're with me. 	只因为你在我身边。 
Due process was not observed - 	但我们并没有遵守法定诉讼程序 
Is there a flight ought of this airport? 	有没有刚飞走的航班？ 
Overtime. Cleaner beards. 	加班费。干净的胡须。 
Roaming the roads and sidewalks we once roamed.	在我们曾经散步的马路和人行道上。
Capturing their own pray as they drift.	捕获享受它们自己的战利品。
It's gold, right?	是金子做的，对吧？
In the best of worlds, all I could bring her was unending grief 	充其量，我能给她的只有无尽的痛苦 
Each of these examples, however, falls some way short of the permanent, self-governing and radically innovative ocean-based colonies imagined by the seasteaders.	然而以上例子或多或少未能符合海上居民的设想，他们想要固定的居所、能够自治、完全革新的海上聚居地。
He's naked! All right. He's naked. 	他没穿衣服！好吧。他裸体着。 
Tannin analysis; vegetable tannin analysis; dextrose analysis; glucose analysis; sugar analysis.	左旋葡萄糖分析;右旋葡萄糖分析;糖分析;单宁分析;植物单宁分析。
You slept in your school clothes, jeans and a windbreaker, as you always do, amid the rustling mess of books and magazines piled in drifts on your bed.	你像平常一样穿着校服，牛仔裤和防风上衣睡着了，一片混乱的发出沙沙声的书籍和杂志积堆在床中。
He created the plank oil painting "mr. and mrs. arnos pfennig liked" already extremely approaches today the oil painting.	他创作的木板油画《阿尔诺芬尼夫妇像》已经非常接近今天的油画了。
In return for the inside story of a royal feud. 	但你得用皇室不和的内幕来交换。 
I got to say, "okay, I mean, I tried. 	我要说" 好我是说我努力了。 
I don't know who a lot of people are. It could be anyone.	我不知道的人有一大堆。可能是任何人。
No, it's all right. It's not there. Let me......	不,不是那我自己来吧......
I learned that men who get married get emasculated.	我记住了结了婚的男人等同太监。
Get back here. Let me hold it. 	回来让我拿着。 
I pushed her away.	我把她推开了。
I can hear somebody whistling outside. 	我能听到外面有人在吹口哨。 
He notes however that basic geological exploration and data on china's potential cbm areas lag behind the us.	但他指出，中国的基础地质勘探以及有关煤层气区域的数据落后于美国。
Men like you, sir, men of weak character... Get the hell out of my store.	像你一样意志薄弱的人…先生从我的店里滚出去！
On a bowel resection.	做那个肠切除术。
It can even turn house lights on and off and check if someone left a coffee pot on the stove.	它甚至可以开关屋内的灯，检查是否有人把咖啡壶留在了火炉上。
You're not the only one who got hurt.	你不是唯一受到伤害的人。
Okay, I'm meeting someone I like for drinks.	好吧，我约了一个我喜欢的人一起喝一杯。
In september, for example, america tracked down a much-wanted terrorist in somalia. Saleh ali nabhan was accused of helping to blow up the american embassies in kenya and tanzania in 1998, and was thought to have been the main liaison between al-qaeda and its somali ally, al-shabab.	例如，九月份，美国在索马里追捕到一个十分想得到的恐怖主义者saleh ali nabhan，他被指控参与了1998年肯尼亚合坦桑尼亚美国大使馆爆炸事件，并被认为是al-qaeda和索马里联盟al-shabab之间的主要联系人。
Yes, I sign off. 	好，我签字同意。 
I don't agree. Why do you keep changing your mind all the time? 	我不同意。你怎么老是改变心意？ 
Some parts of her are faring better than before. 	她的一些部位比以前有了更好的境遇。 
Chesapeake Bay is minutes from this North East hotel, which is a favorite for newlyweds because of the nearby wedding spaces. 	切萨皮克湾距离东北角酒店只有几分钟，这里是新婚夫妇的最爱，因为旁边就是婚礼场地。 
Off the beach! Get up!	离开沙滩！站起来！
What's the status of your tree?	你的树怎么样了？
Because people... On the whole... Think that the tax is manifestly unfair. 	因为…总的来说…人民认为这是不公平的。 
When it sings, go greet your maker ". 	当它歌颂时，向你的制造者问候‘”。 
I know you won't mind, 	我知道你不会介意， 
My jeans! - fuck your jeans.	我的裤子！- 去你妈的牛仔裤。
They have no time; the manuscript they get must be entirely finished.	他们没有时间，这意味着代理商拿到的手稿就不是手稿，而是完结版的作品。
In the most recent quarter, goldman's var averaged$ 80 million.	上个季度，高盛的平均风险价值为8000万美元。
I need to shit. 	我要方便。 
Philological analysis and methodological meaning of the development of marx's view of equity and justice.	马克思公平正义观发展过程的文本解读及方法论意义。
Without a permanent address.	是违反他的缓刑规定的。
You know, most people have been discouraged with him saying.	你知道，很多人都被他的话挫伤了锐气。
Article 2 the state shall practise a basic guideline of basing economic construction and social development on science and technology and orienting science and technology undertakings to economic construction and social development.	第二条国家实行经济建设和社会发展依靠科学技术，科学技术工作面向经济建设和社会发展的基本方针。
How future lu will gai walk me to start at a loss.	未来的路该如何走我开始茫然。
You built your time machine because of Emma's death.	因为艾玛的死你制造了时间机器。
People with long jaws like you tend to get lucky in the later years. 	像你这样倒霉的人慢慢就会走好运的！ 
L saw you jump in the state fair a few years ago. 	我几年前看过你的飞跃表演。 
And I made you all filthy stinking rich.	我把你们都弄得污秽可恶但富有。
You know how you get there? You meet the nice guy,	你知道怎么到那一步吗？你碰到个好男人，
Dangdang's stock, which fell 1.5 percent to$ 33.86 in new york trading jan. 14, has more than doubled from the ipo price.	当当网的股票，1月14日在纽约汇市下跌1.5个百分点至33.86美元，这已经是ipo时价格的两倍。
It's telling her that we're all gonna die.	它告诉她我们都会死。
Look for anything incriminating and re-group here 	找任何有犯罪嫌疑的东西然后在这会合 
And we're gonna be doing a lot more of that fun stuff, guys, 	我们会玩得很开心的， 
Yes, it's a rigorous training program. 	是的这是个严格的训练程序。 
I don't really care about the past, I just care about now. 	我不关心你的过去，只关心现在。 
Holy spring buddhism guanyin temple was located in the valley that is to the east of back peak, maitreya top. Its a standard two levels siheyuanr.	圣泉山观音寺位于圣泉山后峰弥勒顶东侧谷内，为规整的两进四合院。
Maybe the werewolves made it up to keep vampires away.	可能是狼人们编造出来吓唬吸血鬼的。
I never said that. I said around thirty.	我可没有那样说。我说的是在三十岁左右。
Stop cracking safes, and live straight.	别再撬保险箱了，问心无愧地生活吧。
I could go to couples therapy, I could get a face - lift,	我可以去做婚姻心理辅导，也可以做整形手术，
I'm coming to Seoul right now so let's speak when I arrive 	我正准备去首尔，等我到了再谈吧 
I think I'll task an expert to help us do a little digging. 	我觉得我要找个专家来帮我们好好查查。 
So we compromised, on lawyer, 	所以我只好妥协当律师， 
This is everything you've always wanted.	你一直追求的不过如此。
Yeah, you know what? That is annoying. 	是啊，你了解吗？那个很烦人。 
I didn't fare well with other constructions either: 	我也没机会去接触其他的建造物： 
Uh, bulimia? Possible, but let's do a histological review to see 	嗯，暴食症？有可能但基于组织学原理我们还是看看 
It'd be right if somebody explained things to her.	最好找个人去跟她解释一下。
Whose dedication to community 	她对社区对需要帮助的人的 
Green innovation is so important that the world's largest economy has invested heavily.	绿色创新非常重要，以至于全球最大的经济体为此投入巨资。
God knows who else. 	上帝知道还有谁。 
He does send you to school doesn't he? 	他把你送去学校，不是吗？ 
I think it's great what you're doing with that surrogate lady.	我很欣慰你和那女治疗师在做治疗。
Liverpool fans should follow kenny dalglish's example and get behind roy hodgson.	利物浦球迷应该以肯尼达格利什为榜样，并支持罗伊霍奇森。
Now the wheel has turned around,	如今情势已经倒转，
You`re too much!	你们也欺人太甚了！
What are you doing home?	你在家里做什么？
Only shoot at what I tell you to shoot at. 	只射击我要你射的。 
The BEST WESTERN Palace Inn & Suites is 0.05 miles south on Highway 87. 	贝斯特韦斯特皇家宫殿旅馆和套房酒店距离87号高速公路南仅0.05英里。 
I thought so. When you were bent over tying your shoes	我想是这样吧。刚才你俯身系鞋带时
Wanna know why we're here? 	想知道我们为什么在这儿？ 
You ready? Okay, now, um...	准备好了吗？好的，现在，嗯… 
Specifically the August 11th conference? 	尤其是8月11号的？ 
He's quiet, he keeps to himself. 	他很安静，不太跟人说话。 
All right. The Bay harbor butcher case 	好了。港湾屠夫案 
Elderly people need time and compassion from their physicians.	老年人需要医生多花时间，还需要他们的关爱。
No problem here.	捣什么乱。
I will string you up by your feet, run you up the flagpole, 	我就把你倒栽葱挂在旗杆上， 
The works of carlo maria mariani, the contemporary artist of italy, are considered to be the most representative ones in post-modern art.	意大利当代艺术家卡罗玛利亚马里亚尼（carlomariamariani1931.7.25-）的作品被评论界视为最具代表性的后现代艺术现象。
I'm sorry. He's Completely harmless. He just wants to play. 	抱歉，它并无恶意。只是闹着玩的。 
And through an astronomical... 	在经历一系列天文的... 
Strike three! You're out! 	三振！出局！ 
Thanks for coming out here. 	多谢来这里。 
Well, we're in a strange environment. 	是的，我们在这么一个奇怪的环境里。 
What are you saying? This is just the beginning	你在说什么哪？这才刚刚开始
That there's only five months left?	咱们只有五个月了这个事实吗？
Well, that's big of you.	嗯，你可真伟大啊。
I guess I should've, I should've...	我想我确实，我应该…
I do not want that motherfucker near me. 	我就是不要那个混蛋靠近我。 
Well, um, I can take you through it step by step...	呃，嗯，我可以给你慢慢讲…
Distending my backpack is a thick folder with a schedule for orientation sessions on academics, financial aid, tours, and a period entitled, "conviviality." What happens in that time slot, people there wondered: a panel on dorm life, clubs, drinking on campus?	我的背包被一大堆日程记录塞得满满的，会议日程，会议记录，资金补助，旅行，还有颁奖“宴会”。在那个时候，人们很好奇：晚会会在公寓里，俱乐部，还是校园酒会？
The guys are next and they are in the red room.	接下来轮到小伙们了他们现在就在楼上。
I have to put up with you, but I don't have to like it. 	你跟着我我忍了，但别指望我对你有什么好脸色。 
A "mudra" technique will program your mind to alter consciousness, instantly, when you desire to send and receive.	"降魔"的技术将节目主意改变意识,瞬间,当你的愿望发送和接收.
Northcom, this aircraft is not responding. 	北方指挥部，飞机没有响应。 
I'm getting mighty tired of hiding every time that doorbell rings. 	每次铃响都要躲起来我受够了。 
And her eyes, they werelike this deep, dark red. 	她的眼睛深红，深红的。 
He was about to kill me, really! 	他恨不得杀了我，真的！ 
That micro leak we have is getting bigger by the minute. 	太空服上的缺口会越来越大。 
She's got a lot of it, and it smells all... All...	她的头发很多，有一股…
The downturn has reduced tourist arrivals.	游客的人数因为经济衰退而大大减少。
Charlot, the most famous man in the world. 	卓别林，这个世界上最著名的一个人。 
Then it goes black for four minutes.	录像黑了4分钟。
Secret stash, heavy bread	秘密藏起，干硬面包
We'll call you as soon as we have any news.	一有新消息，就会马上通知你的。
I'm sure there's at least two or three guys that are worse!	我敢肯定还有2，3个比你更加差劲的！
Meanwhile resources and responsibilities were transferred from central government to subnational ones-primarily provinces and kabupaten, or districts-which became responsible for most public services.	同时，资源管理和责任制也从中央政府移交国家下一行政单位主要是省级和县、区级来负责大部分公共事务。
I felt blessed when I knew she'd found someone 	我多高兴当我知道她找到了一个 
And they won't be able to stop it.	他们是无法阻止的。
Prepare yourself to feel the urge to start smoking again.	做好思想准备，到时你会有极其强烈地再抽烟的欲望。
I mean, it's like a - a creative paralysis.	类似于创作力麻痹。
I just - I - I concentrate better... 	我-我-我会更专注的... 
I was fascinated by the glory of the sunset.	落日的壮观把我吸引住了。
I report, the yellow dot went off track. 	报告，黄点脱离预定路线。 
Hi... How are you? Fine. 	嘿... 你好吗？很好。 
No one can take away our primordial sense of separation except us.	除了我们自己，没人能帮我们赶走原始意义上的分离。
That I'd been a jerk. 	就像在提醒我我是个混蛋。 
Disorder of arteries and arterioles, unspecified.	未明示的动脉及小动脉疾患。
there ain't no cheating 	你的阴谋和背叛
You're still going to be dead or in jail by the time you're 25.	你不到25岁就会被杀或进监狱。
Cosmopolitan dubai has the most relaxed social codes in the conservative gulf, but authorities enforce strict decency laws and regularly crack down on people accused of pushing the limits, which can include everything from wearing a mini skirt to losing one's temper in traffic.	国际大都会迪拜的社会规范在保守的海湾地区算是最宽松的，但当地有关部门实行的礼仪法规却十分严格，经常对那些被控“出格”的人进行制裁，其中包括穿超短裙、在交通行驶中发脾气等各种行为。
I want swatpersonnel ready at the door, quietly. 	我要求特种兵在门口待命，快点。 
But first, we've got to get you to a safe location. 	但在那之前我们得送你们到安全之处。 
I never lost a child, Lorenzo. Did you? 	我从没失去过孩子，洛伦佐。你呢？ 
I don't know any sick people. I have other things to do.	我不知道什么病人，我还有其他事情做。
Now I want something salty.	我想吃点咸咸的。
Go down this passage and you'll come to a hairdresser's on your left.	顺着这条道走，你会走到靠左边的一家理发店。
Among them are routine but vital tasks that were labour-intensive before the computing revolution: manufacturing and number-crunching jobs that used to pay handsomely.	在计算机革命之前，这些千篇一律但必不可少的工作还是劳动密集型的：手工业和处理大量数据的工作曾经工资丰厚。
A man called 911?	有人打911？
But you knew about Roston. 	但你早知道罗先生有吧？ 
You 14 made it. 	你们14个。 
And that is why I have to ask you to dinner. 	所以我得先请你共进晚餐。 
Slashed through the crowds and arrested the ringleaders. 	抽打人群，逮捕领导者。 
That your body has entered a new metamorphic phase.	你的身体已进入一个全新的结构改变阶段。
Yes, she's nice and you can see she loves Simon. 	是的，她很不错可以看得出她很喜欢西蒙。 
His partner, too. 	他搭档也是。 
Everything we do 	我们做的每一件事 
Yeah, she seemed distracted.	她有点心烦意乱。
Not his ideals but his face on the bank notes!	不是因为他的理想–而是因为他的脸印在钞票上！
Especially at times when the hostages life is in danger.	尤其是人质生命危在旦夕的时候。
National Accounts Sales Manager 	全国客户经理 
Pull a few strings. 	想想办法用用关系。 
Those who want to retire in comfort should save more.	那些想要在退休之后享受生活的人应该更加节省。
doesn't it?! - Willy, it's fine!	不是吗- 威利别说了！
But I would have told you. See, I have a friend that teaches forensic pathology, 	但我会告诉你的我有个教法医的朋友， 
He stopped there 	他在那里停下了 
We will explain later.	我们过一会儿再解释。
I think somebody's on the other side.	我想有人在另一边。
Come on. This is gonna be awesome.	别这样。今天会很开心的。
The more conscious we become at noticing them, the better we become at interpreting them.	我们越是有意的注意这些语言，就越能更好的理解他们。
I'll do it. don't worry, master! 	我办事。你放心，少爷！ 
Even y our pass won't save us.	你的特许证也救不了我们。
Len always showed off those things when we'd go over to visit. 	我们去拜访他家时他总会拿那些东西出来炫耀。 
I like wine. I like tasting. 	我喜欢酒。我也喜欢品嚐。 
More litters of identical coll a dor Russell a poos	就会出现数不胜数的相同杂交
Some bright red or something	比如亮红色之类的
I know exactly what happened that day; 	我知道那天到底发生了什么； 
And she knew that she could descend no further than where she was now. Her only destination was up!	她知道自己不能再走下坡路了，她惟一的目标就是奋发向上！
During the administration of president ulysses grant ( 1869-76), several cabinet members were indicted for financial wrongdoing.	在尤利西斯格兰特总统（ulysses grant，1869-76年）当政时期，美国几位内阁成员被控存在金融违规行为。
I had to swim today. 	我今天被迫游泳了。 
Yeah, yeah! I am gonna use that razor! 	是啊！我是要用那个剃须刀！ 
We've been married two years. But I've been away most of the time we've been together. 	我们结婚两年了。但我总不在她身边。 
You could say that I was your first kiss, and then after awhile, 	你就可以说你的初吻是我，接下来， 
Two in love can make it 	恋爱的你我能够 
It has current significance for construction and design of structure bar.	其结果对施工方案的制定和合理结构杆件的设计具有实际意义。
Our night. 	我们的夜晚。 
Impressive salary data, both in terms of the average three years after graduation ($ 174440) and increase in earnings following the mba ( 152 per cent), enabled it to debut at number 11.	令人赞叹的薪资数据无论是毕业三年的平均收入（17.444万美元），还是mba毕业后的收入涨幅（152%）使得该校第一次入围就排名第11位。
Well, it's a little complicated over drinks. 	喝酒时说这个有点复杂了。 
I don't look Mexican, obviously.	我看起来显然不像墨西哥人。
Uh - Oh, it's your mommy again. 	啊哦，又是你妈妈。 
Profit of industry of petrifaction of our country oil unplugged so that industrial industry head prepares 2003.	2003年我国石油石化行业利润拔得工业行业头筹。
Others felt to be involved in the conspiracy were arrested on trumped-up charges.	其他被认为与这个阴谋有牵连的人以捏造的罪名遭到逮捕。
You just get so hurt in this industry. 	我为了这个梦想已经受了太多的伤害。 
The test paper was designed to test the students comprehension ability by requiring them to proof-read a long passage.	该测验要求学生在一篇文章中找出错处，用以测试学生的理解能力。
You're no longer looking a circular dinner plate. 	你就再也看不到一个圆圆的餐盘了。 
America, to her, is a "downright mean" country where families struggle to buy food, where mothers are terrified of being fired if they get pregnant and where "life for regular folks has gotten worse over the course of my lifetime".	她心目中的美国是一个“彻头彻尾卑劣的国度”在这个国家，一家人为了填饱肚子往往要紧衣缩食，母亲们极度恐惧，如果怀孕就会被解雇，“在我的一生当中，老百姓的日子似乎越来越糟了。”
Do you know what I keep thinking about? 	你知道，我一直在想什么吗？ 
That you never should've had in the first place? 	但在第一时间内你没有这么干？ 
I shaved. 	刮了胡子。 
It didn't mention... - is death not imminent now? 	但它没提到- 难道现在我们生命不受到威胁吗？ 
Whatever you guys don't want, we'll send 'em to the homeless shelter. 	你们不要的，就送给流浪汉之家。 
Some place that you felt something about! 	写你有感觉的某个地方！ 
His symptoms are advanced; I'll get him to an isolation room.	他的症状提前发作了；我得推他进隔离室。
Hey, come on, man. Stop tripping . 	嘿，拜托，老兄。你在说什么。 
When my father got in his car early one morning	一天早晨，我爸爸走进车里
It was the fist time that she was really allowed to shine,	她第一次可以表现自己，
A white-haired pioneer, her face gaunt from overwork and worry.	一位鹤发苍苍的开荒者，因为过度劳顿和担心而面庞憔悴。
Of course this leads to conflict between what an 	当然这导致了个人或个别家庭里 
But hey, man, every day is a brand new deal, right?	但是，老兄，每天都是一个全新的开始，不是吗？
Take these skins to najib, see if he wants to buy them.	把这些山羊皮给纳吉布拿去，看他是不是想买。
Sourasaurus. Look at you. 	抱怨虫。看看你。 
But I think they're for you. What forms? 	不过，我想这是给你的什么表格？ 
All right then how about we tell you what we've grasped so far.	好吧，那么我们告诉你我们目前所掌握的。
Hi, uh, we haven't met. I 'm... 	你好，还没请教。我是… 
Alright, well, guess I better change into my robes.	好，那我现在去把长袍换上。
I'll take care of this.  How'd you learn all this? 	我来吧。好的。你怎么学的这些？ 
Please forgive me, Pierrot... 	原谅我，皮埃洛… 
And my mother is like, "I'm talking to the head of the studio and he's telling that my son is a genius 	我妈妈就说，我在跟老板谈他说我儿子是个天才 
I hope for your sake your man is of good standing. 	为了你们着想希望你们的证人站得住脚。 
A central bank is just that-a bank. It borrows and lends, and uses its balance sheet to influence risk premiums and liquidity conditions and hence the degree of risk-taking in the economy.	央行仅仅是一家银行而已，它既借钱也贷款，并利用它的资产负债表影响风险溢价、资产流动以及经济状况中的风险程度。
Let's open our books to page one and begin.	打开书翻到第一页我们开始。
There's a next time for five of you.	你们中五人会有下一次。
Awful lot of fat	但脂肪也太多了
Such a message comes from a company that earned$ 11 billion in cash last year and uses its manufacturing prowess and financial strength as an edge over rivals.	这个口号正来自于去年一年赢得110亿美元并利用自身生产和财务实力挤压竞争对手的英特尔。
Get this on camera. - smile. 	拍摄下来。- 微笑。 
However, we are constantly diverted away from ginny and harry is never given leisure to consider her as there is always something else going on.	不管怎样，我们都很自觉地不去在意金妮，哈利更是没有空暇去考虑她，因为总是有别的事情在继续。
But he'd been doing it for 15 years,	但他从15年前就开始了，
You know, the crazy thing is, I didn't even want this baby.	你知道吗，荒唐的是，我以前都不想要这个孩子。
Jump in a big trial truck and get ready for a crazy race over mountains and other obstacle.	在试跳大卡车，并得到比山区和其他障碍赛准备疯狂.
Now I am willing to s you up 	我随时都愿意帮你 
So I pressed charges. 	所以，我要他付出代价。 
I don't think I told you before, but you have a beautiful home.	我想我之前没跟你说你家很漂亮。
He was such a charming gentleman. 	他是个多么迷人的家伙啊。 
Ahh yes, the Messers become the messies!	对啊，整人的反被整！
What does' skunk 'mean? 	' 光蛋' 是什么意思？ 
I'm at odds with everything. 	我和一切都合不来。 
You help up well, but	你表现得不错，可是
Okay, the exhibition opens tomorrow. So let's get some sleep.	好的，展览明天开幕。我们先睡个好觉吧。
So please go. 	你请回吧。 
It's good to have somebody you can twist the night away with	有人能与你相拥入睡真是美妙
If slovenia succumbs, it would be the first former communist country in the euro area to need aid.	如果斯洛文尼亚撑不住，它将成为欧元区第一个需要救助的前共产主义国家。
The baby's here. Yeah. 	宝宝在这儿。嗯。 
There's a lot of security on the ground.	在地面上有很多安全防护。
Would produce an explode...	就会产生...
Of course not. Well, hey. 	当然没有了。喂。 
If you'd cared from the start, none of this would have happened. 	如果你一开始就关心的话这一切就都不会发生了。 
No, no, that's right yeah 	是的，是的，没讲过是啊 
We're going down. Let's go! Man, I blew it. 	我们下去，走！我把事情玩砸了。 
Bridesmaids are brides in training.	伴娘是准新娘。
To keep the little minx away from you, 	为了让这小姑娘不再来烦你， 
Your loyalty, which I am grateful for,	你的忠诚令我很感激，
Just give the man standing there one dollar and he'll give you a token.	给站在那儿的那个人1美元，他会给你一个辅币。
And the pediatrician is still sending us the bill... 	儿科医也生寄来的帐单... 
He gave his life for the department. 	他把一生都献给了工作。 
To see you, of course.	当然，是来看你啦。
And you're a good one. 	你倒是很会骗人。 
I know. It just doesn't work on me. 	我知道。但是我就没有。 
You actually took an impression of Christine's teeth?	你真给你闺女印了个牙模？
Can we break them out? - yes, sir. 	我们能把他们救出来吗？- 可以，长官。 
What years? 	什么这些年？ 
Yeah, well, the olds say thank you very much for the lovely flowers.	客套上得谢谢你送的花。
Both burgers? 	两个汉堡包？ 
Can we be frank?	咱俩能说实话吗？
She'll always...	她会一直…
And I'm gonna show my collection here this morning. 	今早我就要展示我的服装系列了。 
No, I can hold.	不，我来拿。
cause I'm starting to hate Christmas too.	因为我也开始讨厌圣诞节了。
And I've asked to go. 	我自己要求参战。 
The nurses took good care of the children.	保育员把孩子顾问得很好。
The energiewende raises costs, unsettles supply and provokes resistance at grass-roots level.	能源转型抬高成本，使得供应不稳，还激发普通民众的反抗情绪。
Hidden wall gated automatic flushing device agent wanted.	藏墙门控式自动冲洗器诚征代理。
But Vanya say same thing about "Warcraft", 	凡亚总是这么说" 魔兽争霸" 的， 
Indoor Farmers & Crafters Market every Sunday at the Cultural Center. 	在文化中心每周六举办室内农民和工匠市场。 
Why didn't you call me? Because I was crazy enough 	你干吗不打电话给我因为我发神经 
They were busy producing acid.	他们忙于制毒。
Somewhere very close to where you are now is someone who used to work for a "big four" audit firm.	现在在你身边某处，或许就有一位曾在“四大”会计师事务所工作过的人。
She was right to leave me. 	她离开我是对的。 
Ooh! Oh, Stan! 	噢！噢，斯坦！ 
What city? Well, everyone speaks Russian. 	什么城市？好，每个人都说俄语。 
And she was pretty damn vocal about it. 	她对这事有发言权。 
Asian stocks suffered some of their worst intra-day falls this year, with some markets faring as badly as in the days following the september 2001 terrorist attacks.	亚洲股市昨日纷纷遭遇今年最严重的盘中跌幅，某些股市的惨境堪比2001年9月11日恐怖袭击后的糟糕日子。
can't you see that I need some head	“我需要你来帮我口交”
Leave it. I'll do it myself. 	别担心。我自己来。 
With a bullet in him.	体内有颗子弹。
What, who's talking? 	啥，谁在讲话？ 
If I say I saw her, they'll say 	如果我说见过她，他们就会认定 
Possibly alien... Spacecraft really do come to this area,	可能是外星人...它们的飞船真的来过这里，
This program not only undermines the effort put forth by the teacher and the other students that worked for an entire year on the course material, but sends ill-prepared students to the next grade level, making them some other teacher's problem.	这一方案不仅破坏了工夫，为教师和工作整整一年在球场上的其他学生提出的材料，但发送者准备到下一个年级学生的水平，使他们其他一些老师的问题。
They keep pecking at me in the face and the eyes.	它们不停的啄我的脸和眼睛。
I'm engaged and I just kissed another man.	我订婚了而我刚才亲了别人。
You can't let other people, even clients, determine the pace at which you create your distinctiveness.	你不能让别人,甚至客户,确定你的速度创造您独特.
Complicating the design of the new device will be the likely inclusion of chips designed by advanced micro devices inc., which people familiar with the matter said have been used in prototypes.	令新款游戏机的设计更为复杂的是，它可能包含由高级微设备公司（amd）设计的芯片，知情人士说这种芯片已经用在原型机上。
Why don't you take your sleeping pill? 	为什么没吃安眠药？ 
Representative Charles Wilson has learned he is joining several members of Congress	国会众议院的查理威尔逊议员
he managed to stay outside the brain,	一直都在脑的外面，
No. I'm not doing anything.	不。我没说什么。
Pesticide mixtures, endocrine disruption, and amphibian declines: are we underestimating the impact?	杀虫剂的混合使用，产生的内分泌干扰效应，以及两栖动物的减少，我们是否认识到这些影响？
What kind of cop would do that? 	哪个警察会这么做呢？ 
Wait a minute. Is, uh, is this the bridge?	稍等。这个。呃，就是那边的桥吗？
Get some sleep, okay? 	去睡觉吧，好吗？ 
But most deeply for you, and we know that. I know that. 	但受伤最深的是你我们都知道，我也知道。 
Afraid not that worm's long gone 	恐怕不是虫子早没了 
I want all that in here. Done. 	我要那些全装进这车里。没问题。 
I don't need you to die for me, doctor, do I look that clingy?	我不用你为我死，博士，我看上去有那么粘人么？
Which is your brother?	哪个是你哥哥？
The city can flourish again, too, if it is not hobbled by modern-day keynesians and regulators the same people who, in good times, were not voluble about capitalism's excesses.	如果没有现代凯恩斯主义者和监管者就是这些人，在利好时期绝口不提资本主义的过剩绊手绊脚，金融城也将重新繁荣。
When you wear these bracelets, you will always remember.	当你们戴着这些子链的时候，你们将记着。
God, I was so sad after my divorce. Right? 	天啊，离婚后我是多么伤心欲绝啊。是吧？ 
Yeah, beautiful - ish.	对，美女。
I'm going to see if any of them are still alive.	我去看看他们中是否仍有活着的。
Moreover, as she knew nothing, she could say nothing, and then, she would not have said anything in any case.	加以她什么也不知道，也就说不出什么来，并且在任何情况下，她也不肯说。
Yes. I'm - I'm waiting to hear a progress report	对。我还等着听
She get a good look at the guy?	她看清楚那家伙了吗？
Eat more barley porridge usually at night.	平时晚上多吃点薏米粥。
You're a Muslim? 	你信伊斯兰教？ 
i had to do that myself.	我只能自己单干。
He had worked on the factory floor for 16 years.	他在车间工作了 16 年。
In both cases the complainants said amnesty laws blocked any possibility of local trials.	在这两个案件中，起诉方说大赦法阻断了地方审判的任何可能性。
Three Palms Lounge, on premises, Bar/Lounge, American, Open for: dinner, Our comfortable lounge is in an atrium setting featuring big screen televisions and a cozy fireplace. 	三棕榈酒廊，店内，酒吧/酒廊，美式风味，营业范围：晚餐。我们舒适的酒廊是中庭布置，配有大屏幕电视和舒适的壁炉。 
I'm not going to let anything interrupt my week of.	我可不想让什么事扰了我这星期。
I didn't have the heart to stop her. 	我没心思阻止她。 
Can you meet me at the grill room at 1:00?	一点钟吉尔餐厅见？
Domed atrium 	穹顶中厅 
I can't just walk away! I've put in four hours! 	我不能走！我已经玩了4个小时了！ 
Fata nspector uses it too 	夺命神探也要用它 
But it's in one of the books, and I will find it. 	但我能感应到就在一本书里我会找到它的。 
You lent Jason money to buy a ring. 	你借钱给杰森买戒指。 
Where did you live before Sarzac?	你搬到沙隆之前住在哪里？
Chinese, Japanese, 	中国人，日本人， 
Since questions were raised in 2008 about the ability of general electric's finance arm to fund itself, the company has been stockpiling cash:$ 85 billion at the end of the third quarter, the most in the s& p 500.	2008年就有人针对通用电器公司金融部门的筹款能力提出质疑，从此之后该公司就开始储蓄现金，第三季度末已存有850亿美元，这是标准普尔的500家公司里最多的。
I bought this apartment because... 	我买了这个家因为... 
Advertisers, technology companies and fashion designers are gaining interest in the hijab.  	广告商、技术公司和时装设计师对这种头巾越来越感兴趣。 
I am trying to make it as normal as possible,	我努力想让一切看上去正常的，
You doesn't mean you don't have something to learn still! 	也不意味着你什么都不用学了！ 
She was sitting in her newly-acquired wheelchair.	她正坐在新买的轮椅上。
They must have known I had a box here.	他们早知道我有个保险箱在这里。
Whenever the drops fall, 	每当雨滴落下， 
Your subconscious 	你在你的潜意识里 
Who's responsible for taking her life... 	是谁该对她的死负责…… 
turn them to the secret service. Field agents are at the MGM.	把他们带到特工处。驻地探员都在米高梅大饭店。
But gorky's achievement is that he did not write things to be satisfactory, but because of his russia, and throughout the world, was the first to talk about ordinary people with contempt and disgust the people, and he is in the community has for this kind of protest ready ripe to talk.	不过高尔基的功绩本来就不在于他写的东西都使人满意，而在于他的俄罗斯，乃至全世界，是第一个带着轻蔑和厌恶谈到小市民的人，而且他正是在社会已经为这种抗议准备成熟的时候来谈的。
Me. Just a minute. You can't go in there. 	我。等一等。你不能进去。 
Freaney said her only regret was that she had not taken her own life.	弗林尼说，她现在最后悔的事情就是没有了结自己的生命。
Well, you may not care about public safety,	嗯，你可能不关心公共安全，
Elevator, available in main building only. 	电梯，仅主建筑提供电梯。 
Because she used her maiden name to get paid.	因为她用的是娘家的姓。
I'm the guy who's gonna make the deal. 	我是和你交易的人。 
Vary with the velocity of the person doing the measuring.	会随着测量者的速度变化而变化。
And I have observed in her an inordinate failure of sexual arousai... 	我已经在她身上发现了间断性的性冷淡。。 
And we're still not winning challenges and it's bugging me. 	却还没能赢比赛太闹心了。 
And he walked right over there... 	他径直走向那儿... 
This is the most difficult and shocking murder inquiry I have had to open in the last 25 years.	这是 25 年来我所展开的最困难、最令人震惊的谋杀调查。
Just give me a few more seconds.	再给我几秒钟。
Eco-design of the buildings: the scheme adopts three dimensional greening system, intelligent control, energy efficient technology and materials, and passive solar energy technology in architectural design.	建筑生态型设计：采用空中绿化，智能化控制，节能技术与材料，被动式太阳能等方式设计建筑。
Because you're a whistleblower, so the press will want to know.	作为告密者媒体会想听到你的声音。
And green - light the visit to her Majesty. 	我们去探望一下女王陛下。 
I could just go up there if I want.	我可以上楼找她。
Unfortunately, l didn't give her a proper home.	可惜，我没有给她一个温暖的家。
But when it is a case of madness... 	但是好像这样的情况，这样的疯子。 
There is more pleasure, even in this world, in an innocent and virtuous life, than in one debauched and vicious.	就是在尘世间，过一辈子清白、规矩日子，也比荒淫、放荡要快乐得多。
Hello? I won? That's right. 	喂？我中了？没错儿。 
Hold down the fort, OK? Eric and I are going next door. 	你顶一会行吗？埃里克和我到隔壁去。 
And they sent him to a psych ward for it.	因此他们把他送进了精神病房
But as I told you before, I need to see both of you.	但正如我之前所说，我得对你俩同时就诊。
Hi! Hey, guys! 	嗨！嘿，两位！ 
Women have strengths that amaze men.	女人有着令男人惊叹的力量。
The leverage and profits needed to sustain them have gone.	支撑这些行业所需的信贷以及盈利已经消失。
don't just read it, do it. 	别光看，快做。 
But now I got to ask you a question.	但现在我得问你个问题。
Boy, that' d make a good headline, sell a lot of newspapers. 	天哪，这可是大头条报纸，一定大卖。 
Aren't you ashamed, you family men! 	你们不惭愧吗，你们都是有家室的人了！ 
I told you I had a dream about them and another couple? 	我给你说过我梦到他俩和另一对夫妇吗？ 
Since when were you on the Internet? 	你什么时候喜欢上网了？ 
You can figure out how to get back.	你能找到回去的办法的。
Seven Billy goats gruff, medium rare. 	七只比利公山羊，半熟的。 
He sang mockingly, resting on his oars.	他用嘲笑的调子唱歌，身子靠在桨上。
Ever thought of that?	一起工作三个月呢？
Tonight is all about the top four, but this fall, the whole top ten are back together and on tour. 	今晚是四强决赛但今秋十强选手重新聚首全国巡演。 
Indy, Henry, follow me! I know the way! 	印第，亨利，跟我来！我认得路！ 
Drivers are slowing down to look at a car involved in an earlier accident.	司机们减速来看早先出了事故的一辆轿车。
We only have a day and a half to find out. Look at this. 	我们只有一天半了。看看这个。 
He strove for recognition as an artist.	他努力成为一名让人认可的艺术家。
Nonetheless, on taxes alone, the bank was able to shrink the london whale's wake to$ 4.1 billion.	仅经过抵税这一步，该行就能将“伦敦鲸”引起的亏损减少到41亿美元。
This compares with a guardian/ icm poll earlier this month which showed that 42% of those surveyed wanted troops to be withdrawn immediately.	与本月初《卫报》/icm的民调相比，当时希望军队立即撤回的受访者只占42%。
Of course you did, sir. 	当然是这样，先生。 
I swore an oath to help people who needed it 	我立誓要帮助有需要的人 
I'm surprised. You're usually so sensitive to all the rules around here.	我很惊讶。你总是对这里的规矩很敏感的。
Which is only concerning, 	光这样倒不要紧， 
I was off form. 	上次演奏会，我演出状况不佳。 
To learn an incredibly complex choral piece.	掌握一个空前绝后的合唱技巧。
When the machines are disconnected... 	当你身上不再插满各种仪器... 
But ms gillard's bid to sound tough on this does not ring entirely true.	但是吉拉德在难民问题上的提案并非像她号称那样的强硬。
Yeah, I know what I said, 	我知道我说过什么， 
It's a good 25-30 m, right?	差不多是25到30米，对吧？
Do you think they're gonna tell us anything if they know we're cops? 	你认为当他们知道我们是员警时他们会告诉我们任何事情吗？ 
No, you both got it wrong, but that's why Texas is here.	你们俩的主意都行不通，不过放心还有我德克萨斯呢。
That Jack Bauer fed to them they'll all be killed. 	从那里突破他们就会一个不剩。 
You're not mutation. You're evolution.	你不会变异。你进化了。
And what's worse is that he's everything he's ever gonna be.	更糟的死他想要的什么都没得到。
I am Walter mercado, and TGIS is mundo infinito. 	我是沃特麦卡多这里是“无限世界“。 
While the radio call went out,	当打完电话，
Your discarded Q - tips have lost their allure.	你丢掉的脱脂棉签已经没有吸引力了。
Where he is from is of no consequence to me.	他来自何方对我来说并不重要。
I would like to see the Hani terraces	我想去参观哈尼梯田
The design on the right uses less contrast and more color difference to define the shapes.	右边的设计用了较弱的对比和更多不同的颜色来定义轮廓。
Nothing goes the way I want. 	所有事情都不顺心。 
Got the gums of a 20 - year - old. I'll take the cinnamon.	我的牙龈炎有20年了我选肉桂的。
He stole a Mars bar from the school tuck shop.	他从学校小吃店偷了一条玛氏巧克力棒。
Well, first of all, I don't think you can be both of those things at the same time.	好吧，首先，一个人没法同时成为这两样玩意儿。
Now, you R body will stick t o the chair.	现在，你的身体会粘在椅子上。
It might be best for you not to speak about it... To anyone... Ever.	最好是永远别对...任何人说起。
Look at the back Of your eyelids. 	凝视眼帘的背后。 
He'll never accept it. 	他不会接受的。 
But I don't know why you called me. 	但我不知道你为什么要给我打电话。 
We're fucked. Ninety blocks in 30 minutes? 	我们被搞了。30分钟穿越90个街区？ 
Hey, sweetie. Yeah, I know, we just saw. 	嘿，亲爱的。嗯，我知道，我们刚看了。 
All right. Fine by me. 	可以。我没意见。 
The green party is very strong in the southern part of the country.	绿党在该国南部很有势力。
Sinciair finds what she's looking for and makes it back in time, 	她要找的并且及时回来了， 
We lay it down.	把它铺在尸体下边。
Certainly stars have lived unhappy lives in the spotlight before, but never before have there been so many celebrity tv shows, so many gossip magazines, so many websites to tantalise, so many tabloid pages to fill with details of their lives.	纵然以前的明星们在聚光灯下也过着不快乐的生活，但从前未曾有过那么多明星电视节目，那么多小道杂志，那么多惹是生非的网站，那么多充斥着他们私生活细节的小报。
So I'm going by myself. Is that what you're saying?	所以你的意思是我。一个人去？
A professor of education at the university of newcastle, tooley first encountered private schooling for the poor while exploring the slums of hyderabad, again in india.	托雷是英国纽卡斯尔大学（newcastle university）的教育学教授，他在考察海得拉巴又是在印度的贫民窟时，第一次接触到面向穷人的私立学校。
The israelites are to be a "light to the nations," but they repeatedly fall toward the way of death.	以色列人也将成为“国度之光”，但他们却再三地向死亡低头。
We'll get her back on your blood. That'll help for now.	我们重新给她输你的血。目前能够控制情势。
We're building our own spur line to the South. 	我们要建属于自己的南方支线。 
Do what? Be so straight? 	什么？那么直？ 
What are you looking at? 15 times.	你看什么呢？15次。
Of course, drunken snake from the cave	哪用你说，醉蛇出洞
Is your name Thurman? - yeah.	你叫瑟曼？- 是的。
Man, I - I prefer you not to talk to me, please.	哥们儿，你最好不要跟我说话。
Remember when I took care of you?	还记得我照顾你的时候吗？
So all those reporters weren't actually here? 	所以刚才那些记者都不是真的？ 
It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now cooking at gusteau ''s.	很难想象有比现在那些古斯图餐厅中掌勺的天才，更微贱的出身。
Remember when us airways flight 1549 landed safely in the hudson river?	记得美国航空公司的1549号航班是什么时候安全着陆在hudson河的吗？
Standing at attention, standing at ease, doing goose step, posing like soldier...... the young students spend their military life in university with diligence and enthusiasm.	立正，稍息，起步，正步，摆军姿，喊口号……年轻的国防生们用汗水和激情挥洒他们大学里的军营生活。
The limestone is sufficiently fissured for tree roots to have breached the roof of the cave.	石灰岩上有许多缝隙，故而树根能从岩洞顶部长出来。
So why wasn't I jumping out of my seat? 	我为什么没被打动呢？ 
Iranian scientist shahram amiri, kidnapped or a defecting spy?	伊朗科学家阿米里，绑架或间谍投诚？
When does it usually start? Eleven, half - twelve.	一般是什么时候开始？十一点半或十二点。
don't jump in right away now, make sure you finish your breakfast. 	别这么快下结论。吃你的早餐先。 
He will leave behind the crumbs that will take us right to him. 	就会留下线索引导我们找到他。 
Do you think they got any room service? 	你觉得他们有送餐服务吗？ 
And when Scotty started to spread the word around, your brother had him killed. 	当斯科蒂四处张扬的时候，你哥哥害死了他。 
I found a puppy on my way home from school.	在放学回家的路上发现了一条小狗。
After some problems about feasibility in realization are analyzed, laplacian sharpening is considered feasible.	在对工程实现中的一些问题进行分析研究后，认为拉普拉斯锐化法是可行的。
Why not? - let me see. Because of you.	为什么？让我想想。当然是因为你。
Stay right there, Bobby.	待在这里，博比。
Ensure that the remote access card is properly installed.	确保远程访问卡的电缆是否连接正确。
Is there anything you can tell us about when he wasn't legally a patient here yet?	你能说些他来这儿前的事吗？
In the BPD crash unit retired six years ago, 	波士顿警局事故小组的警探于六年前退休， 
In districts compactly inhabited by a minority nationality or by a number of nationalities, the people's court shall hear cases and issue legal documents in the commonly used language in the locality.	在少数民族聚居或者多民族共同居住的地区，人民法院应当用当地民族通用的语言、文字进行审理和发布法律文书。
I'm gonna wait outside. Okay.	我去外面等。好的。
But then I realized that he just manipulates people	后来我意识到他只是喜欢操纵别人
Hi, Carolina. This is Blake. 	嗨，卡罗林娜。我是布莱克。 
But yours says what it is not to like 	但你却能说出不喜欢什么 
Firelight at 0500 hours. 	凌晨5点开始喷火。 
I filed a report about you with the regimental office	我向团部提交了一份你的报告
You don't have to do this.I do. You know why? 	你没必要这么做。 有必要，知道为什么吗？ 
For the meantime, the opinion polls have to be taken on trust.	眼下必须相信民意调查。
We must uphold and improve party leadership and strengthen the party's discipline and fighting capacity so as to measure up to our responsibility, the enormous responsibility of leading our country and the people of all its nationalities.	我们一定要坚持党的领导，改善党的领导，加强党的纪律和战斗力，使我们能够胜任对于整个国家和各族人民的巨大领导责任。
Filing and storing of documentation. Ensure that the qa, engineering, maintenance and manufacturing activities and procedures are documented.	整理保存文档。确保品保，工程，设备，生产各部门的活动和程序文件化。
Sounds dishy. doesn't mean he did it.	好大一笔。那也不能证明是他做的。
Where do my parents fit in? 	与我父母哪里有关连？ 
Contosta's joint biography doesn't turn up anything new, but the biographical parallels he sets forth are enough to make us see each man afresh.	考特斯塔写的林肯和达尔文的传记没有提出什么新东西，但是他所写的两人相似的传记却足以使我们重新审视这二人。
Taurus is the proprietor by nature and not romantic enough for libra.	金牛座主管的是自然，对天秤来说不够浪漫。
By complying, we may be signaling our future willingness to subordinate ourselves to the other person's will.	每一次遵从，就预示着在将来我们会舍弃自己的意愿去迎合对方的。
I - I did manage 	不过，我，我确实 
Sure, be critical of every single person	当然，那就对每个人都挑剔吧
I know where he buried them. 	我知道他把它们埋在哪。 
Yeah, I would. All right, all right.	对，我会好吧好吧。
Grandma, how do you know I've come?	奶奶，你怎么知道我来了？
Well. It doesn't sound anything like queen's version.	呃。听上去一点也不像皇后乐队 的版本。
Taste. Salty. 	尝一下。咸的。 
Your son is going to sit at the head of all tables, my boy. 	你儿子将会掌控天下至高权力。 
And she's mentally strong. 	心理也非常坚定。 
You're so desperate. 	你太饥不择食了吧。 
Losing their legs. 	存在着某种关联 
My little son has a thrush.	我的小儿子得了鹅口疮。
The world's mean temperatures continue to rise, say un scientists.	联合国的科学家说，全球的平均温度将持续上升。
What do you know? You've never worked in an office.	你知道什么？你又没在办公室里工作过。
Well, there's a headline, boys... Houdini says:'ls death final?' 	嘿，标题小子，伙计们..胡迪尼说：最终是死亡？ 
You better get him as far away from here as you can.	最好把他带到离这越远越好。
When I choose one, then I'll lose the other. 	当我选择其中一个，那么我就会失去另一个。 
On this night. I must fast and compose my spirit. 	今天晚上。我要禁食稳定我的情绪。 
Low rates help the stock market because they give investors few alternatives for big profits aside from stocks.	低利率对股市而言是利好消息，除股票以外投资者获取高额利润的途径有限。
Or should we drop a net from the fly tower or let some herring swim by?	或者我们应该从飞塔上丢一张网下来或者，让青鱼游过去？
I'm remembering last night... And waiting. 	我在回忆昨天晚上...而且在等待。 
Right. All right, let's go out there. 	是啊，好，我们回去吧。 
My dad didn't tell me you were going to be here. 	我爸也没跟我说你要来。 
Well, tonight we're featuring New Zealand lamb... 	恩，今晚我们主荐新西兰羊羔肉... 
And I'd just pull straight in.	我可以直接泊车进去。
I mean, I know that it's crazy. No, no, no. 	我是说，我知道这很疯狂。不，不，不。 
We have another bus robbery. M31. Saddle up. 	又有一起公交抢劫案。31路。做好准备。 
Because I have an extenuating circumstance, sergeant. 	中士我有特殊情况。 
Missing database name. Reissue the statement specifying a valid database name.	缺少数据库名称。请重新发出该语句并在语句中指定有效数据库名称。
Thank you so much. We are so sorry that we... 	太感谢你了。我们很抱歉，我们... 
Try this on for size. - come on, let's go! 	穿这双- 快来，我们走吧！ 
You drink the drink, you suck that lime. Go, Freddy! 	喝下酒，吮一口酸橙。行动，弗莱迪！ 
L learned it from being here. 	我到这儿才知道的。 
Got it? - I dig 	你懂了没？- 懂了 
I thought you wanted to be with me. 	我以为你想和我做。 
...Irish fairytales that had been translated into English.	被翻译成英语的爱尔兰童话故事
Is that your thinly veiled way of saying you agree with her? 	你这是在间接同意她的说法吗？ 
No, I'm fine, I just - I ate a bad shrimp.	不，我没事，我只是- 吃了只坏的虾。
I'm reading life signs coming from inside of both of them.	我探测到两个当中都有生命信号。
I can't call you. I can't talk to you. I can't see you. We can't do this. 	我不能打给你。不能跟你说话。不能见你。我们不能这么做。 
L don't have any feelings left. 	我已经没有任何情感。 
He'll use them to do a Thai gem scam	再搞个宝石诈骗
You look gorgeous! - thank you!	你看起来真漂亮！- 谢谢
The cottage also has its own private garden containing a clothes-line& bench.	别墅里是带有私人花园的,并且提供凉衣线和椅子.
While china's state media still officially refer to the ship by its original russian name, varyag, it has long been rumoured that when the new carrier is finally commissioned she will acquire a new name: the shi lang.	尽管中国的官方媒体仍然用其原先的俄罗斯名字“瓦良格号”来称呼这艘航母，但很长一段时间以来人们就传言，当这艘新航母最终投入现役时，它会有一个新名称：施琅号。
A faint aroma of excrement from where you've been standing. 	排泄物的微弱气味指明了你的脚踏之地。 
I'm going to show her a good time. 	我要带她好好玩玩。 
I don't know. I just need to,	我不知道。我就是得，
The next question concerns the dispute... 	下一个问题便是... 
I was out of breath by the time I knocked on the teacher's door and peered through the glass.	当我敲着老师的门时，已是上气不接下气。
She got the prize, he didn't. 	她成功晋级，他却没有。 
Mr obama also hinted that the us would push hard in seoul for an aggressive rebalancing of the world economy.	奥巴马还暗示，美国将在首尔峰会上努力推动各国实现全球经济的大规模再平衡。
When it was made in 1300, Europe stood on the verge of the Renaissance. 	它绘制于公元1300年当时欧洲正处于文艺复兴时期的边缘。 
Entitled "spree killer on the rampage". 	抬头为“惯犯的残暴杀戮”的文章。 
Yes, we're talking about it. 	是啊，我们要谈谈这个。 
Uh, I could help you hook it up.	我可以帮你连上。
And my curiosity Was replaced with impassion. 	好奇心终于被取代我决定治好他。 
I got it when someone turned round in t 'petrol queue and said 	我在加油站排队的时候有人对我说 
Where, mum? The sun. 	哪里，妈妈？太阳那里。 
Incensed me to slander the lady hero. 	是如何教我诽谤希洛小姐。 
Because everybody's moved off alien as a suspect. 	因为大家不再认为艾伦是嫌疑犯了。 
And right there in the wall was a safe.	在墙那边有个保险箱。
That was a sweet thing to say.	你应该用美妙的词语形容嘛。
Copies a bitmap from the source device context to this current device context.	从资源设备上下文中拷贝一个位图到当前设备上下文。
To fully understand ipv6 we need to take a look at tcp/ ip and this means a quick trip back in time.	为了深入理解ipv6我们需要简单介绍一下tcp/ip而这意味着我们要时光倒流去追溯一下历史。
We'll be here for a while. 	我们要呆一段时间。 
All around that place, and up and down every street in that neighborhood for blocks, but - 	找遍那里所有的地方，还有附近街区的所有街道但是 - 
I'm just saying that a scientific explanation for this attacks..	我的意思是，用科学来解释这些事件。
Last year, fresenius recorded a sales increase in asia of 20 percent, to 1.3 billion, or$ 1.8 billion.	去年，费森尤斯公司在亚洲的销售额增长了20%，达到13亿欧元（合18亿美元）。
Lenny always has a smile on his face...	兰尼一直都很乐观...
Didn't mean to interrupt your...	不是故意打扰。
What are you doing? Short cut. 	你在做什么？走捷径。 
Every time he washes his hands. 	唱生日歌的共产党。 
You will do so in my office. 	我也得找你谈话了。 
I just can't get over it. I mean... 	我就是情不自禁非常投入。我是说...  
Stronger than the fear that binds you with the others,	比你和其他人的关系更紧密，
Old man feeding pigeons... No stance. 	喂企鹅的老人... 没有立场。 
The homebrew club first met in the garage of gordon french in menlo park, california.	家酿俱乐部第一次在加州门罗公园戈登弗伦奇的车库内见面。
But what about dylan?	那dylan怎么办呢？
20 Evening, a long-distance bus destined for kampala city in nairobi bombing of a bus terminal grenade.	20日晚，一辆发往坎帕拉的长途大巴在内罗毕市区一客运站遭到手榴弹爆炸袭击。
How much I didn't know.	校园让我知道了自己不懂的还有很多。
Means it's primary antiphonal syndrome. 	意味着这是抗卵磷脂抗体症候群。 
But without all the blood and bedpans and pills...	但是除了这些血迹，便盆，药片...
Born in 1991; mother tanya jones	1991年出生；母亲塔尼亚琼斯
If I recall, in the past, 	如果我记得没错的话，过去， 
The escort ships must maintain control. 	护航船一定要保持控制。 
I hugged him harder and he let me ruin his shirt with my tear stains.	我拥抱了他更加努力，他让我毁了他的衬衫和我的泪痕。
They've redecorated. In red.	他们浑身是血。
What did you say? Hmm? 	你说什么？嗯？ 
If anything, to the surprise of some, the polarisation has intensified since november's midterm polls.	出乎某些人的意料，去年11月中期选举后，政界的两极分化有所加剧。
That you wouldn't take 10 minutes out of your day	你不肯拿出你一天中的十分钟
You're a bloody fool. Look at what we got.	你个二百五。看看错过了啥。
It should be, your honor,	法官阁下，应该有的啊，
Who's the one being irrational here, lieutenant? 	在这谁头脑冷静中尉？ 
He wants me to move to Tampa with him. 	他想让我陪他搬去坦帕市。 
So he'd give me a drink of his moonshine. 	他才把酒分给我喝。 
I'll put my coat right here. 	我把我的外套放在这。 
Yes, but do you want to stay the night?	准备好了，但是你想留下过夜吗？
The only thing different about you	唯一的不同就是
Was not sure you could see them, boss.	你可能看不见，头儿。
Some of these guys, they get in so deep, and.	他们有些人，陷得太深，然后.
Because your eyes are tired. 	因为你疲劳了。 
I'm trying to think of a way that this 	我也一直在想也许这一切会没事 
You blew that away just now. 	你刚刚把那个弄泡汤了。 
Please, be a part of it.	别犹豫，加入吧。
It worked well enough, there's no question about that, but, you know, when you see it today it's a little silly. But, so what? 	它很好用，那是没有问题，但是当你看的时候有一点怪怪的。但那又怎么样呢？ 
How much time do you think the guy 	你觉得闯进你们家的那个家伙 
I'm not sure I've ever done it sober.	我不确定我是否曾经清醒的约会过。
Mama had a friend. 	妈妈有过一个朋友。 
Home at 2:00 in morning.	凌晨两点才回家。
He's what we calla disinformation agent, 	他是我们所说的假情报间谍， 
All right. Ciao.	好的，拜拜。
What do you do, David? He is an author. 	大卫，你在哪高就啊？他是个作家。 
Many of these students believe they were bullied or were outcasts.	这些学生中许多都自认为他们遭到了别人的欺凌或是受到了冷落。
In the future you may become cadres; at present you are cadres in reserve.	到了将来，你们可能成为干部，你们现在是干部的后备军。
Where there's cattails, there's no other life?	哪里有香蒲，哪里就没有生机？
He got chopped 700 times	他身中七百多刀
You know, I get deep. I know.	我很有深度的我知道。
May we discuss the matters at hand? 	我们可以开始谈事情了吗？ 
He's not going out in bluey specs with the sweat rolling off him to baptise blacks, is he?	他总不至于戴上蓝眼镜，汗水涔涔地去给黑人施洗礼吧，他会吗？
Some remembrances of your father.	你父亲留下的一些东西。
Marketing Management 	营销管理 
That maybe one day he would love me back.	或许某天他也会一样爱我。
Aha! That was close.	差一点。诶！
You think I'm 48 years oid? 	你认为我有四十八岁？ 
Yes, we've discussed its phenomenal rate of mutation,	对，我们已经讨论出它惊人的变异速度，
Her pulse is weak but steady. 	她脉象微弱但平稳。 
No, they're here. They're here. No.	不，他们来了。他们找来了。
He's you.	但他是你的老板。
no, it isn't. Look.	不，才没有夸张呢。
Who's julie again?	问一句朱莉是谁?
He's what? He's what? There, look at him. 	他怎么了，怎么了看，他在天上。 
Ah, I work with dead people. 	额，我和死人打交道。 
Daily news. Yes, thanks, sir.	日报。谢谢你，先生。
You really have to do this now? 	你就非得现在干这个？ 
That he had the skill to hack 	他有能力能够 
How much, babe? 	多少，宝贝？ 
To have so many years as a family and it might all end like this just...	做了这么多年的一家人结果这样收场很...
So she was given a little Benadryl lolly to keep her calm, and 4 units of Botox. 	我们先给她抗组织胺让她安静下来，然后注射了4单位肉毒杆菌。 
Manage without? 	无药之夜？ 
Answer me. Please. 	回答我，拜托。 
She says he fell on the ground,	她说他摔倒在地上，
Yeah, it'll be old news by then. 	是啊，那时候这就已经成为旧闻了。 
At least give you an address and phone number.	最起码也把地址和电话号码给你。
Now I go to shanghai for weekends, so we can say that the world has changed.	现在我可以来上海过周末，所以我们可以说世界变了。
And I'll take care of some business. 	我来处理点自己的事。 
So I made ben tag along just to give skye some shit.	所以我做了本尾随只给斯凯有些事情。
Hey, I'm the sweet brunette. 	嘿，我是褐发小甜心。 
Yes, I gathered as much.	是的，我收集的一样多。
Where's the blood?	出血点在哪？
By the... Just the power, the immensity	是...那种力量，那种伟大
Living fully also means enjoying that which isn't already known; it means viewing the new and untried as sources of knowledge and wonder.	尽情生活不仅意味着欣赏一切未知的事物，还意味着将新事物、新理念作为知识和新奇的源泉。
Hey, let's go back. Come on. 	嘿，我们到后面来。过来。 
Why are we stopping? Unruly flock.	我们干嘛停下来？前面有不守规矩的羊群。
Mitt romney is otherwise a strong candidate.	米特罗姆尼是一个强有力的候选人。
It's true. I can hear them. 	是真的。我能听到。 
I got a funny feeling it's probably for you. 	我有种奇怪的感觉是找你的。 
Look, can I call you back later? I uh... Congratulations again. 	我稍后给你电话？我... 还是恭喜你。 
So, when all the other cats were out chasing mice, detective derek and his partner sergeant norman were out on top secret police business-they were on a mission to catch the mouse and the boxer, the sneakiest crooks in town.	于是，当其他的猫都在追老鼠的时候，德里克却成为诺曼警官的搭档一只侦探猫，他们一起联手侦破多宗要案他们此次的任务就是抓住镇子里最可恶的鼠狗大盗。
Fortunately for us,,, 	不过，我们很幸运， 
So the american company fired the rower.	因此，美国公司解雇了划桨员。
I don't recall any day that rained. 	我不想回忆下雨的日子。 
Do I get a progress report?	我可以听听进度报告吗？
It's ironic usefulness. 	很有讽刺意义的实用性。 
Which is why they stayed home. 	所以他们才想在家避风头。 
A nonfiction book that takes you through 900 years of french history while cataloging tales of lovers.	这是一本非小说类文学作品，通过编录爱情故事，带你领略法国900年历史。
He was passed over three times for the editorship.	他有三次被免去主编之职。
I had to run out after some punk. 	我不得不跟着那些朋克迷逃出来。 
What sponsorship? The ones you told rod about. 	什么赞助？那些对你说棍子先生。 
It's about that. Attention.	他要的是。关注。
In january three of his former secretaries were arrested and charged over a land deal in tokyo that prosecutors, reportedly, suspect might have violated political-financing laws and was part-funded by a construction company working on the isawa dam.	今年一月份，他的三名前秘书被捕并因一宗位于东京的土地交易案受到指控，据报道，公诉人怀疑这项交易涉嫌违反了政治献金法并有一家修建石和大坝的建筑企业参与提供了部分资金。
Six weeks after the opposition rose up against the qaddafi regime, a de facto rebel government is taking shape.	在卡达菲政权反对派兴起的六周后，一个实际上的反抗政府正在成型。
The hilt is hollow and the blade is made of a cheap alloy.	刀柄是空心的而且刀刃也是劣质合金。
Is just like a beautiful landscape painting.	就像一幅美丽的山水画。
Oh, you hear me, jaded city? 	喔，你听到了吗，整个城市的人？ 
This week's free exchange column turns away from white elephants and ghost cities to look instead at some examples of "malconsumption".	本周自由兑换专栏的注意力从华而不实的东西以及鬼城，转向了一些畸形消费的例子。
And I meant to say it like that!	我故意那么说的！
...cash made in dodgy underworld deals.	从不正当的黑道交易中赚得的钱
Best black plays 2003-2006: the theodore ward prize for african american playwriting.	2003-2006年最佳黑人剧本：非洲裔美国剧本创作西奥多沃德奖。
Thank you for abiding by the social contract. 	感谢你遵守社会秩序。 
More popular is the idea that we lost our fur when overheating, not cooling, became the biggest risk.	流行的说法是，由于过热成为主要威胁，所以我们蜕了毛，并非是为了凉爽。
No, they're liberated.	不，他们很开放。
This is hector, the fool who thought he killed achilles.	这就是赫克托耳，以为自己杀死了阿喀琉斯的傻瓜。
I knew someone would be looking. 	我知道会有人在找的。 
I wasin the neighborhood. 	我正好经过这个街区。 
The rebels are coming. 	反叛者来了。 
To, you know, catch up while we're hanging. 	你知道，当我们停止试赶上。 
What does he have to do with this? 	为什么一定要这么做？ 
It's possible the stress induced could cause a heart attack, 	它带来的紧张很有可能会引发心脏病 
Exactly the right distance to nail their victim 	每次都以惊人的准确率 
Expect something for nothing. 	希望能不劳而获。 
Because it is a big deal.	因为这就是个大事。
I have to sit here for hours everyday, 	每天在这里坐上几个小时， 
Especially in London.	尤其是在伦敦。
So what do you do when you're not reducing the world?	你不归纳世事的时候做些什么？
Here's another example from virginia woolf's prolific correspondence.	这里有一个弗吉尼亚伍尔夫的众多书信中的另一个例子。
I think he needs full - time medical attention.	我觉得他需要24小时医疗看护。
The horses and riders have to successfully jump a total of 30 fences, made more difficult by a six-foot-wide ditch on the take-off side.	马匹和骑手都成功地跳了共30个围栏，由6英尺宽的水沟上起飞的一面更加困难。
to join me for a while 	就陪我一会
What was the whole plumbing emergency about? 	你家的水管怎么了？ 
You shouldn't be doing this now.	现在你不必这么做。
don't ask me. I lost 20,000 to you. I'll give you the rest later 	别问我，我已经输了2万给你了。过会我把剩下的给你 
Who might be convicted of murder? 	为一个杀人犯写年鉴？ 
Get your auntie over here. I want a big kiss.	把你姨妈叫来。我要个香吻。
Do you need anything in particular?	你要买什么吗？
Oh, say, does that star - spangled banner…	是会静止…
Did he buy me this necklace, too?	我的这个项链也是他买的吗？
U.s. officials believe the country is preparing to test a long-range missile. U. s. and japanese officials have warned north korea against such a test.	美国官员认为北韩正准备试射远程导弹。美国和日本官员警告北韩不要进行导弹试射。
The u.s. soda market has declined for five consecutive years, prompting both coca-cola and pepsico to buy back bottlers to retain more of a shrinking profit pie.	美国苏打汽水市场已经连续5年下滑了，促使可口可乐和百事买收购灌瓶商来保持更多的正在收缩的收益。
They said he apparently was snatched from a street outside a restaurant.	据称，巴蒂斯塔是在一家餐馆外的大街上被劫持的。
One sided on wooden doors (concealed) with Rampa sleeve door drilling Ø 13.5mm (9/16") 	木门上单侧安装（隐蔽），带Rampa护套，钻直径13.5mm(9/16”)的孔 
don't make me shoot the other one. 	别逼我再开一枪。 
Had gotten into a car accident with Jerry.	开车和杰瑞撞上了 。
I assumed you were from nordica.	我认为你是从北欧来的。
My wife isn't good. 	我老婆不好。 
You don't think I would recognize you bebecause I can't see your cheekbones?! 	你以为遮住个颧骨我就认不出你了吗？ 
Aw, it's nothing but a bunch of tarantula food. 	哦，不过是一些蜘蛛食。 
Coo, again. don't blame the pretty lady.	咕咕，再来。别怪美女。
He got me drunk, and the next thing I knew... 	我喝多了，之后的事... 
I'm notifying county healthright now to determine that. 	我正在通报市卫生部以确定病因。 
You can talk - even better.	你能说话，真好。
Like this cockroach here!	就像这个叛徒！
In the events surrounding the shooting. 	中枪现场。 
How many times did we get stoned to this? 	你几次拿到过这种宝贝？ 
I mean, how eIse could your former student	你以前的学生
Otherwise all my work goes down the drain.	否则我费这么多的功夫，都白费了。
Call me anytime you want.	你可以随时打电话给我.
Nine times out of ten, there's a human perpetrator. 	十有八九，背后有个人类的罪犯。 
What about school? I finished all my credits. All I'm taking this semester is... 	学校没事了吗我学分都修完了而这学期我选修的是… 
Out of an abundance of caution, I have also asked congress for$ 1.5 billion if it is needed to purchase additional antivirals, emergency equipment, and the development of a vaccine that can prevent this virus as we prepare for the next flu season in the fall.	除了大量警告外，我已要求国会拨出十五亿美元增购抗病毒药物、紧急设备，并资助研发疫苗，为秋季例行流感季预做准备。
Cos l wasn't confident and l was scared that they're actually using this,	因为我没有自信并且我在害怕他们拿那些设备冲着我，
And you might find it comforting to know there have been no red - headed women 	你应该会很高兴从1983年以来。 
I'm troubled.	我有烦恼。
As you begin to lose your characteristics one by one...	好比你开始一个接一个地失去你的个性……
The first flight just came out. 	我们看到首次航班的刚刚出来。 
He was in violation of the restraining order	他这样又正好违反了限制令
Mind, body, soul, everything.	思想，身体，和灵魂，所有的一切。
And disappearing Iike ghosts.	仿若鬼魅来去无影。
Yeah, we have for several weeks now. 	是啊，已经拥有好几周了。 
I don't wanna hear it. I do. 	我不想听。我想。 
None of this is the economic integration that federalists dreamed of.	以上没有一个是联邦制拥护者所向往的经济一体化。
Two kids, two grandkids. 	两个孩子两个孙子。 
I know my rights. don't talk to us then.	我有权利 。那你就别说。
I've lent them a year month.  	我去年把它们借出去了。
I'll definitely take basement over cave right now.	我当然还知道这是地下室不是洞穴。
Indians are generally keen on the animal in whose form is manifested a popular god, ganesh.	印度人喜欢这种显现了象头神形式的动物。
You live in suburban Michigan.	你们住密歇要郊区。
I don't know what I.	我不知道我该。
If you like grey. 	如果你喜欢灰色的话。 
Oh, my? Got seen it with a white hot needle 	噢，我的天？我的阴茎就像被针刺一样 
No farewells at the front door.	在前门不该有离别。
Do you think you're a great singer?	你真觉得自己是名优秀的歌手吗？
And that's why you believe that people like me 	所以你不信像我这种人 
He says that is his "zeroth" dirty secret of the security industry.	他把这称之为安全行业的第零个黑秘密。
I spoke to renowned sleep expert dr. michael breus, author of beauty sleep and the sleep doctor's diet plan.	我曾和著名的睡眠专家迈克尔布鲁斯博士交谈，他是《美容睡眠》和《睡眠医生的饮食计划》的作者。
Shit. There she is. 	喂。她在这里。 
Trekking huge distances in search of food and water.	为寻找食物和水源长途跋涉。
Can I just talk to you for one second? No, this is her timeout. 	我能跟你谈一谈吗？不。这是她的禁闭。 
Working memory is one of the hot topics in the field of memory research.	工作记忆是当前记忆研究的热点课题之一。
I'll eat chips.	好吧我接着吃薯片
But I thank the Lord she swept off that mortal coil without any pain or suffering. 	但是感谢上帝她走得没有折磨及痛苦。 
Get out of my sister!	别碰我姐姐！
The four noble truths is a good place to start.	四圣谛是一个好的开始。
But relax, this isn't a bad thing. 	但是别担心这也是什么坏事。 
Her heart can't take that much dopamine. 	她的心脏承受不了那么多多巴胺。 
Of those of us who rely on our faith.	我们这些人的信仰。
That puts the lid right on the jar!	把东西放到原处！
He didn't invent inflation 	他不是造了通货膨胀这个词 
You hear "bomb scare" and never really think one's gonna go off.	你听到有“爆炸物威胁”可从没想到真的会爆炸。
A man has been given an asbo banning him from carrying felt tip pens in public after writing abusive comments about women in public lavatories and buses.	一名男子因在公共厕所和公共汽车上写辱骂妇女的语句被禁止在公共场所携带钢笔。
In case you don't hear from me in the next couple days. Don't worry. 	万一我几天没联系你别担心。 
By accepting them from my guilty hands. 	从我罪恶的手中接过这些。 
You know we've been trying to figure out why the red flag leadership has been off the grid, right? 	我们一直试图弄明白为什么红旗首领消失了，对吧？ 
9:00 to 5:00 every day.	每天朝九晚五。
I don't trust the army to follow through on this.	我不相信军队会这么做。
Yes, sir. I'll give him that message.	是，长官。我通知他
They would if it was the plan. 	如果事先计划好要自杀就会。 
I forgot to load the gun 	忘记装子弹呀 
Excuse us! Hey! Oh!	借过！嘿！哦！
Look, right now we got nothing. 	但我们现在什么都没找到。 
Just had a bit of a conniptiofit. 	我有点歇斯底里。 
You trying to make me feel bad? 	你想让我不舒服？ 
That's fine, pupi. Mr Marco.	好的，普皮马可先生。
Stand and deliver, old sport.	站稳瞄准老伙计。
Oh, you're gonna promise me a lot more than that, Butterfield.	你得再答应一些条件巴菲尔德。
He wanted your work, not your coeds. 	他想让你做，可不是你的那些学生做。 
Anc spokesperson jessie duarte urged the iec to "to come to the party and extend voting hours to ensure that all south africans can exercise their democratic right to vote".	非洲人国民大会发言人杰西杜阿尔特敦促独立选举委员会“加入团体中，同时延长投票时间，以确保所有的南非人民都能行使自己的民主权利来投票”。
The effects are behavioral and experiential.	这些效应是行为和体验方面的。
If he'd come at you with HS bare hands, that'd be different. 	如果他空着手，那就另当别论了。 
But what is ripe, forget the dream, leave away from innocent, never cry and smail for our emotions.	可是什么是成熟呢，忘却心中的童话，远离以前的单纯，不再为感情哭泣忧伤欢笑。
Let's get our real on.	咱们开始吧。
But never in these glasses! 	但怎么能用这种杯子乘！ 
But merely for your own confidence 	仅仅是为了自己一定要去做 
Wearing a bulls sweatshirt in a photo lineup 	穿着公牛队运动服是一种偏见吗 
If a murder just happens 	如果就因为一个疯子 
Yeah, I'm gonna go get personal with his boss. 	嗯，那我也去针对一下他老板。 
Just say it to my face 	想要好处你就当面跟我说 
They'd be transported in front of a single giant rock	他们现在来到露出地面的一块巨石前
Make loud noises when you work out. 	出来时尽情嘶吼。 
(1) Infection shall be occurred when the Insured is engaged in his/her work, and such vacation shall be one of the vacations listed in the following Vacation List;	(1)感染必须是在被保险人正在从事其职业工作中发生，该职业必须属于以下“职业列表”内的职业；
I can't be in menopause and in coach. 	我已处在更年期不要乘客车。 
He is forcing me to choose publicly 	他在逼我公开表示 
I'll trade you for your sister's life,	我可以用你姐姐的命来跟你交换，
You're the only garage around. Sorry. 	只是一个停车位抱歉。 
Because we have an obligation to clean up somebody else's mess?	因为我们有义务去收拾别人的烂摊子吗？
I'm sorry. Do you mind if I sit down?	对不起。你介意我坐下来吗？
120 mile(s) from Tijuana, Baja Mexico 	距离北下加州提华纳120英里 
If you've reached the limit of what your research can tell you, 	如果你的研究能告诉你的就这么多， 
AP – crib frame must be metal 	AP-婴儿床架必须为金属材质 
Unlike the iranian mullahs, who violently defend their vested interests from behind a fa ade of divine order, turkey's post-islamist ruling party suggests islamism can be synthesised into a pluralist secular order.	那些伊朗毛拉以捍卫神权秩序之名，极力维护这种秩序为自身带来的利益，而土耳其则不同，其当前执政的后伊斯兰主义政党表明，伊斯兰主义可以被纳入一种多元化、世俗化的秩序。
So now we're trying other options. 	我们现在只能想其他的办法了。 
Bird's opening. Passive approach.	伯德开局。被动走法。
Now, that's the pole they'll be driving	现在他们正是抓住了这一点
The following members of this year's list took the law route instead:	以下为本年度女强人中法学院出身的上榜女性：
And stiff, jump, and stiff, jump. Good, everybody. 	挺直跳，挺直跳，挺直跳。很好，各位。 
You made it! Brilliant! 	你成功了！太赞了！ 
Let's just say trust me 	你就相信我 
Support to investigate nonconformity root cause and customer quality complaints.	协助对不合格根源及客户的质量投诉调查。
We are the best, you know.	我们是顶尖高手，你知道的。
Game face? 	打起精神？ 
She ask you to investigate	她让你调查
What is the diagnosis? - It is an infectious fever. 	是什么问题？- 是一种会传染的热病 
Hey, I'm not your son, all right? 	嘿，我不是你儿子，好吗？ 
Drugs generally have a certain degree of dependence, used after the good is not the case can be returned to the status quo ante, and tong ren tang how effective skin care, I do not know, but anti-acne products also oh, that did not really use!	药物一般都具有一定程度的依赖性的，用过之后很好,可不用的话又回到原状了,(tongrentang)同仁堂护肤的效果如何我倒不知道,但是去痘的产品还真是一点用都没有哦!
I don't have enough money.	奶奶钱有点不够。
How many piano tuners are there in the entire world?	全世界共有多少调音师？
That are very different from their own. 	与其自身所处文化截然不同的另一些文化。 
It is a damn good photograph, though I say it myself.	不是我自夸，这张照片照得棒极了。
But does it ring a bell? 	他身上有铃铛吗？
And was locked out on the balcony so it wouldn't bother her customers. 	因为它不能烦扰到主人接客而被拴在外面阳台。 
Because she'll pick another one and I'll hate that one too.	因为她会去选另外一条而我也会恨另外那条的。
I'm a slave 4 you here we go now 	我是你的奴隶就是这样 
It's important I be able to trust you, gabriel.	能信任你很关键，加布里尔。
love was blind to me, now it's kind to me, 	对我来说爱情，曾经迷茫，现在却充满甜蜜
What's that, Richard? You scratch it.	怎么办，李察？你就搔一下痒。
Would be in Basel, which is here in Switzerland. 	是在巴塞尔在瑞士的西北部 
Uh, don't forget that you have a history test tomorrow, fifth period. 	别忘了明天第五节课时，你还有历史小测验。 
That moon pie thing was pretty original.	他这招确实挺奇特。
Los angeles, Cairo, Lima, Bombay, are drying out. 	包括洛杉矶，开罗，利马，孟买水源都将枯竭。 
Ladies... On the upper East side, money is never the real story.	女士们... 在上东区金钱不会是事实真相。
Mcgarvie's lessons in the classroom and on the field are not lost on the girls.	在课堂上不上的女孩失去了实地麦加维的教训。
Saying see you next game! 	下场比赛再见！ 
Must've been demagged.	一定是被消磁了。
Your next task is to go out and hold a fashion show and jewelry auction.	你们下一个任务是主持时装展和珠宝拍卖。
I got it. I got you. I got it. 	我抓到了。我抓到你。我抓到了。 
Dad, can I take my gameboy on the plane?	爸爸,我能带游戏机到飞机上吗？
Redmond says the unhcr is providing food, shelter, blankets and other basic household items to the migrants.	雷德蒙说，联合国难民机构正在向这些外来人口提供食物、庇护所、毯子等基本生活用品。
So now that you've blown my cover,	既然你们已经识破了我的身份，
He glanced cursorily at the letter, then gave it to me.	他草草地瞥了一眼来信，就把它递给我了。
I'm going to ask you to do something for me. 	我要你帮我做点事。 
Good Lord. Yeah. 	天哪。是的。 
She could do a back flip.	她能倒着走的。
He finished his review of the real estate documents. 	他仔细看了那个地产文件。 
Where are the Chinese? 	中方在哪？ 
Be loyal for money 	但对金钱的忠诚 
I used to be younger. 	我已经年华不再。 
More like the wake of a distant relative, only better food.	更像是给远亲的一个示警，只是食物好些。
Never has the perfunctoriness of plot 	从未见过如此生硬扭曲 
I mean, that's how obscure of a thing it was.	你看，这件事就是这么奇怪。
At heart, lukashenko remains a man of russia's brezhnev era: his secret police even still use the acronym kgb.	本质上，卢卡申科仍然是苏俄勃列日涅夫时代的人物：他的秘密警察仍然沿用kgb的伎俩。
Treated cytomegalovirus pneumonia is not associated with bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome.	已接受治疗的巨细胞病毒肺炎与闭塞性细支气管炎综合征无关。
That's why we're trying to coax Cole into permanent residency. 	所以我们要劝柯尔在这里定居。 
And apparently, there's a 4th of July barbecue - in - the - pool spectacular. 	据说还有7月4号的池边烧烤壮举。 
I see you decided not to join the war and play with horses instead. 	我听说你不参战，却怎么又跑到这儿遛马。 
Your feet will suffer, your fingers will bleed.	你的双脚要忍受苦楚，你的手指会渗出鲜血。
As well as being mindful of history, westerners ought to avoid any pretence that they have an easy formula for resolving sieges.	铭记历史，西方人应避免以任何借口称其对此围攻人质事件有简单的解决办法。
Microcomputer management system of coal mine safety information is designed to improve coal mine safety and provide reliable safety information for managing persons.	煤矿安全信息计算机管理系统是为提高煤矿安全管理水平，为管理人员提供高效可靠的安全信息而设计的。
Strike for the East side of the swamp till you clear the French picket line.	向沼泽的东面突围，直至离开法国人的前哨线。
This is an outrage! If you will allow me to speak, sir. 	太不像话了！请允许我说完，先生。 
Your wife says, "the custard is in the oven." 	你夫人说，“乳蛋糕在烤炉里。” 
I'm back down from 7 minute miles to the 6:45 s.	每英里耗时从7分钟降至6分45秒。
Why not use this ring? 	为什么不用它呢？ 
Great. Accommodations were wonderful.	好。招待的真好。
It's just that I know everyone in town... 	我知道镇上的每个人… 
Sure you don't want a picture with him?	你真的不想和他照张相吗？
That once they figure out how to get over that wall,	一旦他们发现怎么翻墙，
What, he thinks he's gonna be a hero? He's gonna jeopardize my whole plan.	怎么，他觉得自己要当英雄？他会毁掉我的全盘计划。
I know the cardiologist has given you some guidelines, 	我知道心脏病专家已经给了你一些指导， 
Yeah, three of them. Butt in at the right time, okay? 	嗯，3个人。适时去干预，好不？ 
It's just a matter of cracking the code.	就跟解开密码一样。
But I'm just a fucked - up girl who's looking for my own peace of mind. 	但我只是一个寻找内心宁静的混乱女孩。 
The white house stressed that both the united states and dalai lama accepted tibet to be a part of china. But beijing insists that the dalai lama is a "splittist" and has sought to dent his popularity around the world.	白宫强调美国政府及达赖均支持及承认西藏是中国的一部分，但北京方面重申达赖是分裂分子，其活动于世界各地以寻求支持度。
I want everybody to be talking about the game. 	我要让所有人都谈论这款游戏。 
My debt to you is paid in full. 	我欠你的还清了，全部。 
Orava was asked whether the midfielder would be able to play in the world cup in south africa starting on june 11. "No, I don't think so...... healing takes a long time," he said.	当被问及这位中场球员能否参加将于今年6月11日开幕的南非世界杯赛时，奥拉瓦说：“我觉得不行，他的伤势需要很久才能恢复。”
Danny Peterson, you're up. 	丹尼·皮特森你下一个。 
He sort of threatened my family. 	他甚至威胁到我的家人。 
What? - how many times do I have to tell ya? 	干嘛？- 要我说几次你才懂啊 
If you've ever found yourself at a paint store with a member of the opposite sex trying to decide between, say, "laguna blue" and "blue macaw," chances are you've disagreed over which hue is lighter or looks more turquoise.	如果你站在一家油漆店里，和另一位异性正在讨论着这颜色到底是“湖绿色”还是“蓝褐色”，这色彩到底是较为清淡还是更为“蓝绿”，很可能你和那位异性伙伴会产生分歧。
He took his cousin. 	他带他的堂妹去的。 
And you gotta admit - 	你得承认- 
Mr putin has stirred and exploited the country's nostalgia for its soviet past.	普京一直在激发和调动民众对苏联时期的怀念之情。
You saw what I was able to do tonight. 	你今晚看到了我的能力。 
But, as the prosecutors who put craxi on trial protested, it also means discrediting them and the judges who convicted him.	但是，那些起诉craxi的公诉人反对，因为这意味着他们以及给craxi定罪的审判官名誉扫地。
Kane promised everyone the city of the future. 	凯恩向所有人许诺了一座未来之城。 
Now... Since you've shown me your little party piece,	既然... 我已看完你的助兴表演，
I think you have a big complex and you should deal with it.	我觉得现在你自己也没搞清楚，你得好好想想。
I was planning on mixing midazolam in with his juice to induce sleep. 	我本打算在他的果汁里掺入速安眠。 
You lied to me about the poker game, and you got me attacked by a midget and a transvestite	扑克牌的事情，你也对我说慌让我被侏儒和易装癖袭击
They're preparing a trip to beicun primary school.	他们在为去北村小学旅行做准备，
The clausal information of a shell noun is an essential part of its usage.	概念外壳名词的从句信息是其重要用法。
I suppose so. Where?	好吧，在哪里？
Stop, when I tell you.	停了，我说了。
I'm Algren. 	我是欧格仁。 
When you go to a Siberian work camp, 	想去西伯利亚， 
Jin - Tae! No, retreat! Now! 	振泰！不，撤退！就现在！ 
According to the thought of the scientific concept of development ( scd), the article analyzes multiple-subject's school cultures: student culture with student as its subject, teacher culture with teacher as its subject and school organization culture with school organization as its subject.	根据科学发展观有关思想，尝试从校园文化建设角度出发，分析了不同主体的校园文化：以学生为主体的学生文化、以教师为主体的教师文化和以学校组织为主体的学校组织文化。
We decided to keep him in here. Didn't we, officer?	我们打算留下他。是吧，警官？
I don't know, I thought it might make you feel better.	我不知道，我想它能让你感觉舒服些。
We have let it slipped for the past 26 times 	我们给它跑掉二十六次了 
My dad walked in on us while we were...	当我父亲离开后我们...
And that's what makes it a mochaccino. 	就做成了一杯摩卡咖啡。 
So then, father, if the two defendants were with you at 8:25...	假如，那个，8点25分被告是跟你一道……
After the moon hid in the skies and before the sunrise. 	在月亮消失之后，太阳升起之前。 
Staved off the virus for three days. 	把病情恶化的时间推迟了三天。 
Well, it's strongly felt, sir. 	嗯，我们确实这么觉得的，先生。 
A walk would be just exhilarating right about now. 	散散步会开心一些的，像现在这种时候。 
I rejiggered my approach to learning and am doing better.	我改变了学习的方法，现在成绩好多了。
But you should know, I didn't try to kill myself. 	但你们要知道我并没有想自杀。 
I'll see you later. All right.	以后见好的。
And you'll  have see me again 	你就再见不到我 
Japan's defense minister said kitazawa handsome 26 from 23 inter-korean exchange of fire, the japanese have begun to strengthen the guard.	日本防卫大臣北泽俊美26日表示，自23日朝韩交火后，日本已经开始加强警备。
I'm getting excited. What about you, people? 	我已经兴奋起来了你们呢？ 
I never fail before. 	我从来没有失败过。 
He wasn't just acting like it didn't work? - unfortunately, there was no hard evidence of that,	他真的不为所动？- 很不幸事情明摆着的，
Though I cannot claim credit 	不过，我可不敢说 
I let Amir and Tariq use mine. 	所以我就让阿米尔和塔里克开我的。 
I have to write this stupid poem for English	我得写英文课作业
That's why it's so urgent. 	所以我们这么急迫想拿到。 
What is a pouch? They put tuna fish in a pouch? 	什么袋子？他们把金枪鱼装袋里吗？ 
But drama descended into farce when she discovered that her period had started, for which she had none of the necessary supplies.	但是戏剧突然转变为闹剧，当她发现她快要来月经时，她没有必备的女性卫生用品。
Hey, hey, hey. Shut up.  	嗨，嗨，嗨。闭嘴吧。 
Schools are the broadest and the most important base to cultivate different kinds of talents. "Select good young successors, cultivate them from childhood, lay a solid foundation, train them systematically, improve the techniques actively" is the guiding principle of our country's spare-time training.	学校是培养各类人才最广阔最重要的基地,“选好苗子,从小培养,打好基础,系统训练,积极提高”是我国搞业余训练的指导方针。
As villages in vast rural areas of china, houshi village has a profound base for ancestor worship, god worship and religion faith which constitutes important parts of local folk custom.	后石村同我国广大农村地区一样，有着祖先崇拜、神灵崇拜以及宗教信仰等民间习俗的深厚基础，这些构成了当地民俗文化的重要组成部分。
Even today, Sparta versus Athens 	即使是在今天斯巴达与雅典的对立 
Because you're not the one writing the tuition checks.	因为学费不是你付的。
I'm not planning on it. 	我没这么打算。 
Next up, a blue - eyed bombshell hopes to join the ranks of the famous. 	接下来，一位碧眼金发尤物希望跻身名流。 
Even christians want to be "servant-leaders," not just plain servants.	甚至基督徒也想当“仆人式领导，”而不是光作仆人。
9:10 am 	上午9：10 
I almost don't know where to begin.	我真不知道从何说起。
No, you had your chance. This...	不，我已经给过你机会了。这...
Now! Oh, shit. 	快点儿把她关掉！哦，见鬼。 
Mahalla Jackson theater, please. 	去玛哈丽亚•杰克逊剧院，谢谢。 
Ian, have you been spying on me? Who is he?	伊恩，你在监视我吗？他是谁？
It meant that crowley had been allowed to develop manchester, while aziraphale had a free hand in the whole of shropshire.	就意味着克劳利已经被允许开发曼彻斯特，而aziraphale就有空闲的时间来掌控整个什罗浦郡。
You have had a terrific award season. 	你在今年的颁奖季里收获颇丰。 
Objective to study the behavioral problems and self-concept in children with idiopathic or cryptogenic epilepsy as well as the influencing factors.	结论原发性或隐源性癫痫儿童存在精神行为问题，且自我意识水平偏低。
Fortunately, some conservationists found him. 	他幸运的被动物保护者所救。 
Show me how it's done.	向我演示一下怎么玩。
Hmm. Absolutely. Don’t you worry about me.	当然。你别担心我。
They say their patients are getting taller. 	报告说病人长高了。 
I'm just saying all life has value. You don't know what he's capable of feeling. 	所有的生命都有价值。你又不知道他的感觉。 
I know this man, and I know he's telling the truth about what happened.	我很了解他，他绝对没有说谎。
Information and library science student association.	信息和图书馆科学学生联合会。
This paid off because the newly centralised credit-approval system led korea first to cut its exposure to lg, the credit-card issuer with the worst record for defaulting borrowers.	由于实行了新的集中信用审评制度，该公司还避开了因拖欠贷款而记录最差的信用卡发行商乐金电子。
That's the way the law works. They saw us.	法律就是这么回事。他们看到了。
With the develoment of the city, vige gradually rced by a variety of building.	随着这个城市的发展,乡村逐渐被各式各样的建筑所取代。
Steve, I'm coming. No, no. Ma 'am, you can't go back there.	史蒂夫我来了。不行，小姐，你不能过去。
A new quilted chanel handbag would cost several thousand dollars.	一个全新的香奈儿绗缝手袋价值数千美元。
Methods for determination of acyl halides.	酰基卤类化合物的测定方法。
And where he spent the last 30 years of his life. 	在这里他度过了生命中的最后三十年。 
But I guess this is all mostly about a shoe. 	不过，看来你主要就是为了一只鞋 
Now serving Free Hot Breakfast Buffet. 	现在供应免费的热腾腾的自助早餐。 
And t0day, for the first time, I feel my lack of sight. 	今天，毕业的第一时间，我觉得我是个盲人。 
He's a cop I figured it was work - related 	他是个警察我估计和工作有关 
Oh, you know you can't go there, Wayne. 	哦，你知道你不能从这儿出去韦恩。 
From the warm welcome to the fast check-out, we're all about making your visit as enjoyable as it can be. 	从热烈的欢迎到快速退房，我们酒店竭尽全力使您的住宿尽可能愉快。 
And they are back again in lyte byte and it will hopefully continue as a weekly or fortnight edition.	他们回来再次在莱特字节，它将有望继续作为一个每周或两周版本。
We catch him in a lie.	我们就能证明其撒谎。
Didn't see you there. So 	刚没看到你。所以
Pacific palms is the name of the street my mom lives on, 	我妈以前住的街也叫亚太棕榈， 
The rain disappears, and everything makes sense. 	所有事都明朗起来。 
The child cries all alone until it falls sweetly asleep. 	孩子一个人哭泣着直到进入梦乡。 
She's been Joey's nanny for two years. 	她已经给乔伊做了两年保姆了。 
But if you think you need more help to control your cravings, there are lots of quitting success stories involving hypnotism.	但若您认为自己需要更多帮助控制自己的烟瘾，很多成功的戒烟故事用到了催眠术。
He lives two miles down the road and makes us drive to Connecticut? 	他就住在两英里远的地方却让我们跑到康涅狄格州来？ 
I bet you do. How many times did you read this? 	当然，你看过很多次？ 
This man has to pay for what did to me! 	他必须偿还他之前对我的残忍！ 
Yeah, and it's no fun either.	是啊，一点也不好玩。
Gilbert ghostine, diageo's asia pacific head, says asia "is all about status, differentiation, about 'face',"-and china wants a brand with history, he says.	帝亚吉欧亚太区总裁吉尔伯特古斯廷（gilbert ghostine）表示，亚洲“看重的都是身份地位、与众不同和‘脸面’”中国需要拥有悠久历史的品牌，他说。
He switched 6 to italian club juventus in 1996 and helped the club to two series a7 titles in his first two full seasons.	1996年他转会到意大利尤文图斯俱乐部队，并在他头两个完整的赛季中帮助尤文图斯队两次获得意甲联赛冠军。
The young fuser and myself are embarking in a trip to the most remote paces of the human spirit 	年轻的福斯要和我一起踏上去最偏远地区的旅程了 
She just got attacked.	她刚刚遭受了袭击。
The best in the district.	我们整个庄内他最行。
New regime, gonna want to do some housecleaning, 	新政府肯定想清理下内部 
Why don't you go make yourself useful or something? 	你干吗不找点儿事做？ 
His father, a university lecturer, decorated his family's lancashire home with tiger skins.	他的父亲是一名大学讲师，在自己位于兰开夏的家中以虎皮作为装饰。
Listen to me. Just grab her and stamp her down.	听我的，你干脆揪住她，打倒她。
Richardson hopes the film will raise awareness among the younger generation, so that the loggerhead turtle's migratory journey isn't made any more perilous than it already is.	理查森希望电影会提高，使龟的迁徙途中，没有任何更危险比现在年轻一代的意识。
So I just Welcome them to the building, 	我只能表示欢迎他们搬进来， 
Behavior invoked before a method.	在一个方法前被激活的方面行为。
I decided 	我决定 
Wrap up the details for me, will you, Hamilton? 	帮我说明一下详细情况，好吗？ 
You see? You see? Contrast.	你看到没？看到没。
In our dismal current political climate, republicans and democrats are doing whatever they can to get elected, and they're proving all too willing to use bogeymen and push voodoo economics if they feel they need to.	在当前低迷的政治氛围下，共和党和民主党为了当选可以做任何事情，如果需要，他们甚至可以使用魔鬼和巫术经济学。
cause I don't know what I want.	因为我不晓得我要什么。
It is not only blind men whomake such stupid mistakes.	决不只有盲人才犯这样愚蠢的错误。
My agreement with your mother is that this would never happen. 	我同你母亲达成协议这样的事情绝不能发生。 
Danny, I'm not really in the mood for a pep talk right now. 	丹尼，我现在实在不在状态跟你谈话。 
Vatican city was ranked most stable, followed by sweden, luxembourg and monaco.	梵地冈城邦最为稳定，再依次是瑞典、卢森堡公国和摩纳哥。
Or what she looks like.	或长啥模样。
All right, we let her try.	好吧，我们让她试试。
I agreed to ferry you here for an extraction mission.	我同意把你带到这里是为了完成特定使命的。
Why wouldst thou be a breeder of sinners? 	你干嘛要生育罪人呢？ 
A - all right, all right, honey. 	对，是的，宝贝。 
I'm only the office boy.	我只是个办公室打杂的。
Flight training on that one – what do you call it? 	在那个上面的战斗训练- 你怎么叫的？ 
Cancer isn't the only problem associated with uv exposure. Uva damage to the dermis is the main factor in premature skin aging.	癌症并不是紫外线暴晒仅有的一种问题，uva对真皮的伤害是皮肤过早老化的主要因素。
Drunks come in all shapes and sizes, kid.	孩子，喝醉了是有个样子的。
Even before the election, mr foot was not an effective leader.	即使在选举前，富特先生也算不上是一个卓有成效的领导人。
Streaming media, such as online videos, are hard to capture.	诸如在线视频等的流媒体是很难捕获的。
I was six years old when my father died.	我六岁的时候父亲就去世了。
So I searched and I questioned 	我求索我叩问 
Tomorrow is another day as the second half takes the stage.	明天是全新的一天下半轮将闪亮登场。
You're not someone to worry about. 	不需要担心你。 
I love sitting at the window and watching the rain falling when it rains.	每当外面下起雨，我喜欢坐在窗前望着窗外下雨。
From dietitians to raw food gurus, superfoods have been promoted as the fountain of health and youth.	从营养师到生食大师，优等食品已经被他们认定为健康和保持年轻的源泉。
It'll use the GPS in your cell to tell me.	它可以调用手机里的全球定位系统。
You lazy bum! 	你偷懒！我让你起床！ 
So he was involved with the assassinations. 	他也参与了暗杀行动？ 
Hello. Oh, and may I say, 	你好。容我说一句， 
I'm gonna take a guess, I think I have it.	我想来猜一下，我想我知道了。
Your friends wouldn't like that.	你的朋友们不会乐意的。
There is a chance that it could cause his brain to scramble	有可能他的大脑发生紊乱
Do you know anybody that would want to hurt him? 	你认为有谁想伤害他吗？ 
There's something still a bit... Normal about you. I like that. 	你身上有些东西很... 正常。我喜欢。 
I thought he was going to kill me. 	我以为他要杀了我。 
But if their organisation is loose, the protesters show a remarkable unity of purpose.	尽管反对派的组织松散，但示威者们却表现出了引人注目的共同目标。
I'm afraid the outside system will still have Control in eight seconds. 	但恐怕还有8秒他们就要侵占我的系统了。 
If only I'd been there.	我真希望我去过那里。
don't think women is your prey 	别以为女人好欺负啊 
Who the fuck threw? 	哪个混蛋扔的？ 
To me, he's a loser. 	在我眼里，他是个窝囊废。 
And you can have my resignation if you go anywhere near him. 	如果你敢威胁他，我就辞职。 
Surely that's a worthwhile self-sacrifice for a public servant.	当然，这对一个公仆而言是个值得的自我奉献。
Why? I'll stay in our bedroom. 	为什么？我回呆在你的卧室。 
If I want to make a fort in rumelia in my governance, then I do it. 	如果我想在我统治的鲁米利亚建造堡垒，我就造。 
The vast rural population-54 percent of china's 1.3 billion people-is equivalent to the whole population of europe. And most are stuck in destitute conditions.	巨大的农村人口中国13亿人口的54%等于欧洲全部人口，他们大多数挣扎在赤贫的状态。
New progresses of the research on the devonian coral assemblages from guilin.	桂林泥盆纪樵相组合研究新进展。
They can't touch me we break off, run so fast they can't even catch me .	我们跑路兵分两路，飞快的速度别想把我们抓住。
Complimentary 	免费 
Of course, anything I can do to help.	我当然会来，只要我能帮上忙。
I only wanted to protect you from my mistakes.	我只想不让你被我犯的错所伤害。
And he's pretending to shoot people dead.	假装要射死人。
How are the plans for our Monte Carlo getaway coming along? 	我们蒙特卡洛散心计划进展如何了？ 
He said the company has so far focused its international promotions on airport duty-free stores and high-end chinese restaurants.	古斯廷说，目前公司针对水井坊的国际营销重点是机场免税店和高档中国餐厅。
I'm not going to be in this house for too much longer, so you'd just be wasting your time. 	我在这里待不了多久了，你是在浪费时间。 
And I'm tired of feeling that way.	我受够了这种生活。
An amateur biologist invites them to gather creepy-crawlies from a nearby pond.	一名业余生物学家邀请他们收集附近一个池塘里的爬虫。
I'm quitting the priesthood. 	我准备放弃神职。 
Subjects who will love the power and the virtual immortality we offer.	我们提供的权力和永恒的不朽。
That's right; tourists young and old have embraced sydney harbour bridge climb a popular activity to do when you're visiting the aussie metropolis.	对了，游客无论老少都喜欢爬悉尼港大桥，这是人们在游览澳洲大都市时的流行项目。
To a man named Paul grant your last victim.	法定的夫妻 你的上一个受害者。
I'd put my head in the deep fryer.	我宁愿把自己的头扎进油锅里。
All good, though. Phone never rings.	一切都好。电话从没响过。
In the book and subsequent research, prof porter found that as more companies of the same type cluster together in the same place, so they derive more benefits from their "colocation".	在该书及后来的研究中，波特发现，成群分布在同一个地方的同类型公司越多，这些公司从“共址”中获得的利益就会越多。
You heard my boss. Hand it over.	你们听到我老板。发话了交给我。
No, I'm not a liar.	我当然不是骗子。
I am not gonna be bullied by Spencer Hastings again. 	我再也不要受斯宾塞·海斯汀的威吓了。 
Next might come a boisterous evening at the campaign office, where there is plenty of chit-chat and snacking on sandwiches between phone calls to potential supporters.	下一步，在竞选办公室将会有一个喧闹的夜晚，人们可以在这里闲谈并且有足够的零食，但同时伴随着一些打向潜在支持者的电话。
Um, maybe this seeker you're looking for knows this language,	呃，也许你找的探索者懂这门语言，
But I promise you, if you put down the knife, I will make sure that people see your art, 	但我向你保证如果你放下刀我保证人们会看到你的艺术， 
Watch out. It's not so simple. 	当心并不是那么简单。 
I'm worse than any o'these white men here. 	我比这里任何一个白人都值钱。 
But I can tell you they were evicted from their last residence over three years ago. 	不过，我能告诉你的是，三年多前他们被逐出原居地的。 
The findings are in stark contrast to the mood among chief executives six months ago, when 38 per cent of those surveyed said they would use the growing piles of cash on their balance sheets to buy growth.	这些结果与6个月前首席执行官们的情绪形成鲜明对比，当时受调查的首席执行官中有38%表示，他们将运用资产负债表上越积越多的现金，通过收购来实现增长。
The enterprise of high-vocational college student on-the-duty practice to take "the fair association" has its moral education value.	高职院校学生顶岗实习的企业作为“公正团体”具有其德育价值。
None of the other gay guys are bringing their ex-wives. 	其他同志都没带前妻去。 
You knew she'd be here. 	你知道她会在这里。 
Safe things. 	安全的事情。 
These people were dirt-poor by western standards, with no running water or electricity or any other modern convenience.	用西方社会的生活标准来衡量的话，这些人极为贫困，没有自来水，居住地不通电，没有任何的现代化生活设施。
Your patient is two lungs in a box.	你的病人就是两片肺叶装在盒子里。
Don't be disappointed if all your bffs ( best friends for life) aren't already on google+-this is a chance to make new bffs.	如果你所有“生活中最好的朋友”都还没有加入google+，不要失望，这给了你机会去结识新的“生活中最好的朋友”。
A pigeon emerges, wings flapping noisily, from the tower.	一只鸽子从塔里钻出来，扑扑地拍打着翅膀。
If you'd care to come to my office, we can make arrangements. 	如果你愿意，来我的办公室我们可以安排一下葬礼。 
The trouble is that even if he does quit, his successor risks falling into the same futenma trap, unless all sides learn to be more accommodating.	麻烦在于，除非所有各方的意见都互相迁就，否则即便是他选择退出，普天间陷阱依然会是他继任者的一个危机。
Am I too much, son? 	儿子，我穿的太多了吗？ 
When machines break,	当机器坏掉的时候，
The whole system can go haywire if you change one little thing. 	如果你换了一个小东西整个系统会陷入混乱。 
Yeah, I know. But I kind of liked the idea that we could become them.	是啊，我知道。可我好想像他们那样完美。
Hurry, Jerry, hurry. How's it doing? 	快点，杰瑞，快点。怎么样了？ 
Escape to this new, non-smoking Smithfield, North Carolina hotel located minutes away from a variety of key area attractions and corporate locations. 	逃离喧嚣的都市生活，来到这家全新、无烟的北卡罗莱纳州史密斯菲尔德的酒店吧。酒店距离许多主要景点和企业地址仅几分钟路程。 
Which l know you don't give a flying fuck about. 	即使我知道你可能一点也不在意。 
Oh, you Haven't told anyone about us, have you? 	你还没告诉过别人咱俩的事儿，是吧？ 
But despite that,	可尽管如此，
if they found the tape, where is it? 	如果他们没找到带子，那带子在哪？ 
You broke your own rules. You're good at that, breaking your own rules. 	你没遵守你自己定的规矩。你很擅长这点，破坏你自己订的规矩。 
Ah! It's you! Who? 	啊！是你谁？ 
You don't have to do that, I'm not in the army anymore.	你们不用敬礼，我已不是军人了。
I still have to explain to him	我到现在还得向他解释
But presumably the embryonic shape - shifters 	但推测起来胚胎状的变体人 
The fourth medium assembling many traits are becoming a important field that publicize society's political standards and social values.	“第四媒体”集多种特点于一身,已经成为宣传社会政治规范和社会价值观不可缺少的重要阵地。
Now I want you to take me back	现在你去回想
His last episode was eight years ago. I was there. 	他上一次失意是八年前。我也在场。 
All right. I'll leave my card on your desk.	好。我把我的名片放你桌上。
If we can only equip them with one sword between two? 	如果我们只能给两个人配备一把剑？ 
But it's not working. I need to take him to a doctor.	但不起作用。我得带他看医生。
I wrote some down. Oh. 	我把一些想法写下来了。哦。 
There's gotta be other explanations.	一定有别的原因。
Ma 'am, that is a lingering image to try to overcome, I'll tell you.	女士，这可是挥之不去的画面感，我跟你说。
Starbuck, bring it in. 	星芭，把它带进来。 
You must know my ex-wife.	你一定认识我的前妻。
Fine, so we go to Moscow.	好吧，我们去莫斯科。
Well, that might be the basis of an enduring friendship. 	嗯，那可能成为你们长期交往的基础。 
We are talking about heroin, right?	我们是在说海洛因吧？
Me? Get to knock a rich kid down a few pegs. I'm in heaven. 	我吗？难得有机会去杀杀富家女的威风。感觉再好不过了。 
And I have a very powerful mothering instinct. 	我母性的保护欲就失控了。 
Because it is intracranial pressure.	因为那就是颅压。
no. It had to have been piloted there.	不。肯定是有人在控制它。
But you also booked her to entertain a client in Las Vegas, just a few days before she died. 	但就在她死前几天你把她安排给拉斯维加斯的顾客。 
He knows who his father is. I know that.	他知道自己父亲是谁，我清楚。
With an out - of - date visa. 	中东交换学生。 
And holding him and feeling as if I was part of some great continuum. 	我抱着他似乎是我生命的延续。 
I'm just waiting for my ship to come in,	我只剩下等我的船靠岸了，
Maybe it needs a little salt?	或许该加点盐？
We have already seen permira offer its limited partners the opportunity to reduce their commitments, albeit that in that situation there were peculiarities not true of the industry as a whole.	我们已看到珀米拉（permira）向它的有限合伙人提供了减少投资的机会，但该案例有些特殊之处，并不适用于整个行业。
I was by themself, but are still not lonely.	我只身一人，但并不感到伶仃。
Why is my nephew being isolated and discriminated?	为什么我侄子在学校会受到孤立和排挤？
He was the center of my world. 	他是我世界的中心。 
It is when you look like me.	在我眼中并没有。
And she was collateral damage.	她也成了牺牲品。
I'll finish these off then. really?	我来负责卖掉它们。真的？
Oh, you're gonna need to build up calluses like mine.	你得跟我一样手上长满老茧才行。
Section 1012 "wonderful post benevolence" quiz activities began!	第1012期“妙帖仁心”有奖问答活动开始啦！
Even levin was having a hard time getting up a head of righteous steam.	就连莱文也难以鼓足刚正不阿的劲头。
They can't cancel us! They clearly can and they have. 	他们不能取消预约！他们可以而且已经做了。 
It's the only entertainment I've got. 	我也就剩下这点乐子了。 
Oh, that's avice Crichton. 	哦，那是艾维丝。克赖顿。 
Guy's been MLA since his release and those dates coincide with the first kidnappings. 	从监狱你出来人就不见踪影了时间正好和第一宗绑架案发生的时间吻合。 
BEST WESTERN Hotel Geheimer Rat 	贝斯特韦斯特德黑蒙拉特酒店 
It has recently been busy making acquisitions-including of smith international, an american drill-bit company, for$ 11.3 billion-which have given it know-how in most segments of exploration and production.	公司最近也忙于收购包括以113亿美元收购一家美国的钻头公司史密斯国际公司这也使得公司拥有了勘探和生产方面更多的技术。
To feed our children. 	为了养活孩子。 
I'm not kidding. Good clue. 	我没开玩笑。很好。 
For all of accusations.	对所有的指控。
LI just fielded a call with him. I said you weren't running informants anymore... 	我接到他电话，我说你调职了。 
He would have become councillor anyway, and very soon he'll be 	我儿子都会成为议员并且过些日子 
This morning. Good behavior. 	就今天上午。提前释放。 
To get cigarettes and got completely lost.	你爸爸去买香烟后完全迷路的事。
I cannot proceed without some investigation. 	我不能不经过调查就继续。 
Gods that descend from the sky. 	天神从天上下凡。 
Totaling in excess of two billion dollars.''	合计超过20亿美元
But it confirms long-held suspicions that the country was secretly enriching and storing the radioactive material.	不过这证实了长久以来的怀疑，就是朝鲜在秘密进行浓缩并存储放射性材料。
But the one thing we can say for sure, with absolute certainty...	但有一件事我们可以确定无疑...
His name is John rain. 	他的名字叫做约翰·雷恩。 
Mini-refrigerator 	小冰箱 
You can't possibly mean...	你的意思该不会是...
In his question, he said: I come from taiwan. Now I am doing business on the mainland.	他在提问时说：我来自台湾，现在在大陆做生意。
To investigate the role of cupping the treatment of acute lumbar sprain thermal vacuum effect.	探讨拔罐的热负压作用治疗急性腰扭伤的效果。
Look, it doesn't matter what song.	听着，无关歌曲。
Okay, yeah yeah. That sounds like a plan. 	好啊，行这。主意不错。 
She'd been caring for him nearly a week...	她照料了他将近一星期...
I don't wanna use drugs. 	我不想用药物。 
Standing here, I'm feeling a little bit like I'm becoming my father. 	站在这儿，让我觉得我成了我爸。 
Before I delivered the results, what was going through your mind?	在我宣布结果之前，你在想什么？
Oh, uh, I dot know. It doesn't say. 	哦，呃，我不知道。上面没写。 
It is for you to say if they shall live.	他们是否能活下去全靠你们。
And I know how mad he gets when I call him Anthony. 	当我叫他安东尼时，我知道他会发狂。 
Like all other mammals. 	就像所有哺乳动物。 
Coming from the continental walrasian and austrian traditions rather than from british classicism, schumpeter was able, for virtually the first time, to cast a cold and realistic eye upon the celebrated scot.	继承欧洲大陆瓦尔拉斯和奥地利的传统，而非英国古典主义，熊彼特能够几乎是在第一时间向盛名的苏格兰人投以冷静和现实的眼光。
Plenty of people use condoms to protect against 	很多人在进行非阴道性交时 
don't fire till I tell you, McGrath.	听我命令开火，麦格加斯。
A female figure, semi - naked.	女性人物，半裸的。
Nah, I'm regretting this. 	哪我后悔啊。 
She hit him for no reason! Temple.	她毫无缘由地打了他天宝。
Pool table 	台球桌 
Could go either way. - I gotta learn this shit. 	哪种死相都有可能。-我得学会这破招。 
Come on. What are you gonna do about it?	算了吧。你能怎么样？
Mazlan othman, the head of the un's office for outer space affairs ( yes, there really is one) has suggested that her agency is "ready-made" for such co-ordination-leading one newspaper to dub her the "alien ambassador".	服务于外层空间事务厅（是的，确实有这样一个机构）的联合国办公室的负责人马斯兰奥斯曼表明，她的机构对这样的协调是“量身定做的”这是一家报纸称她为“外星人大使”。
Compared with other foreign artists who reside in china, what's your advantage?	和其他一些在华的外国艺人相比，你觉得你的优势在哪里呢？
Just after the war began.	就在战争开始之后。
After everything that she's been through.	在她经历这么多后。
Select the appropriate add-in from the list of available add-ins.	从可用加载项的列表选择适当加载项。
I think I'm going to keep you on the down low.	我想我会保密。
Earmy, we shoumdn't be doing this. 	厄尔利，我们不能这么做。 
Asia is becoming much more economically integrated and intra-asia trade is growing rapidly.	亚洲经济越来越一体化，亚洲内部之间的贸易急剧增长。
God save thee my sweet boy! 	上帝保佑我的好孩子！ 
But you did a lot of bad things, too. 	也做了不少坏事。 
It's a recording of a meeting.	是会议的记录。
The younger the better. 	年龄越小越好。 
Portolan charts traditionally displayed only known, discovered coasts, precisely detailed harbors, river mouths, rocks, shallows, currents, etc. every coastal feature likely to be important to a pilot and normally limited to only regions frequented by european sailors, i.e. the mediterranean and black seas, and northwestern europe.	传统的波托兰诺海图仅仅展示已经熟知的、探测过的海岸、精确的港口、河口、礁石、浅滩、水流等一切对领航员来说非常重要的海岸特征，而且通常只限于欧洲水手经常航行的区域，如地中海、黑海和北欧。
Because of what's in our blood.	因为我们血液中的东西。
So I'm here to check for razor blades. 	所以我就跟来看看你怎么样了。 
Well, I got married. I'm on my wife's insurance now. 	我结婚了。现在用我妻子的保险。 
For just about every girl in the city under 20 years of age. 	是为了城里所有20岁以下的女孩。 
All he could talk about was how he was close to finding a blue butterfly.	他说的全是他即将发现蓝色蝴蝶。
All of my experiences, everything that I've studied and learned, will be yours.	我的所有经验研究成果都将是你的。
German cars haven't gotten to that level yet, but they are getting close.	德国车还没有到那个地步，但是也快了。
What happened to giving the money away?	你不是说要捐款的吗？
Send that one to my husband. 	把那个寄给我丈夫。 
Novels and other similar reading materials indent the first line of every paragraph. This is done to separate each paragraph from each other since there are no line breaks in the text.	小说和其他类似的阅读材料都会缩进每段的第一行，这样做是为了把每一段与其他段分离开来，因为在这些文字中没有换行符。
Where were you when your daughter got stuck? 	喜旺被困的时候你跑哪去了？ 
An eu-wide survey last year found that although most europeans have a positive view of robots, they feel they should know their place.	去年一项覆盖欧盟区的调查显示尽管大多数欧洲人对机器人持积极态度，他们也感到必须明了对机器人的定位。
Because I didn't bring a lot of stuff	因为我没有很多东西要带的
No, it's impossible. What? 	不，这不可能你说什么？ 
You gonna hit me again?	你又要打我吗？
Look, he's not answering. Why isn't he answering? 	他不接电话。他为什么不接电话？ 
I'm not. I'm not. - okay. 	我没放弃。我没有。- 没事的。 
Like what? Dollhouse miniatures?	比如什么？玩具屋模型吗？
There might be some patients you like or dislike. 	你们也会喜欢或讨厌某些病人吧。 
Whatever it is, send it back.	不管是什么快收回去。
The finding remains an association, and cause-and-effect has not been proven.	这个发现只是个合理猜测，因为原因和影响都还未被证实。
Or in your crown and ermine mantle	或在您的王冠和貂皮斗篷
Alright. Let me do it. 	好吧。让我来做。 
Google news, says richard gingras, its head of product, is the result of "continued evolution"--not just in terms of design improvement, but also in terms of the news system that underscores it.	产品主管理查德金格拉斯（richard gingras）说，谷歌新闻是“持续演变”的结果不仅仅是就设计改进而言，还是就新闻系统的强调而言。
Now comes the tough part.	接下来要做难题了。
Sixty. Pius the points, 75 thousand.	差6万。算上贴息的话，七万五。
The winner would be honorably mentioned in the company newsletter, ms. worth recalls.	沃思回忆道，获奖者将会在公司简报中被“荣幸”地提及。
I can't believe you're still carrying a torch for that girl.	我真不敢相信你跟那个女孩还有联系。
So, I'm just gonna sit here alone, 	所以，我就想自个在这儿坐一下， 
You think it's easy being 	你难道觉得身为一个女性与众不同地 
That's alright, we're friends	别提了，朋友要共患难嘛
I want to give you a chance to tell me why.	我想给你个机会解释。
I'm not going to go there. 	我不想事情进行到这一步。 
Are you happy when you wake up? 	今天起来你是不是有点儿不高兴？ 
The next morning the ship did not enter the harbor.	明天一清早，船没进港就老远停了。
I'm glad you still like it. You know, I happen to know for a fact that's jasmine's your favorite. 	很高兴你仍然喜欢。知道吗，我正好知道茉莉花茶是你的最爱。 
We've brought you something. It was the best we could find in Karachi.	我们带了些礼物。这是卡拉奇能找到的最好的东西了。
Hey, man, watch it. don't slip. Watch that blood. 	嘿，小子，小心点。别滑倒了。小心血。 
If they're trying to hide the identities of people they're prosecuting. 	如果他们想隐瞒他们检控的人的身份。 
You gotta take that screener. You gotta make that fake.	你得晃过那个防守球员。你要做个假动作。
Though most of us spend a lifetime pursuing happiness, new research is showing that that goal may be largely out of our control.	虽然我们大多数人用一生来追寻幸福，但最新研究表明，这个目标很大程度上不受我们控制。
She rushed to the library, found the book and stuck in it a letter from her mother.	她冲到图书馆，找到那本书，夹进去她妈妈来的一封信。
Come this way.what are you doing?	走这边你们在干吗？
Why would you want to be a mole in the ground? 	为什么你想变成鼹鼠？ 
The only way to shortcut the process is to collect a pure sample of venom from the creature that bit him. 	唯一的方法就是从咬他的生物那里得到纯毒样本。 
You take him out, but you leave all the money behind 	干掉了他，但是你把奖金都留下了 
And use this site as headquarters to raid the villages. 	把这里作为他们的营地便于袭击村民。 
Yes, but I was a big enough man to admit it.	是，但我有勇气承认了。
don't let your pride get in the way now, pretty. 	别让自尊误了大局，帅哥。 
Do I look okay to you?	你看我还好吗？
Oval office, women's big & tall - 	总统办公室，大号女更衣室— 
Consuming less sodium reduces the amount of excess fluid retained by your body, which in turn may help alleviate symptoms associated with a fluid-filled breast cyst.	钠消耗量减少，留在体内的过量体液也会减少，这样就会帮忙缓解囊性乳腺囊肿的相关症状。
I didn't mean that. I don't know why I'd say such a thing.	我不是那个意思。我不知道我为什么要说这个。
Suwannee "rescue" deal with all foreign and domestic auto and truck parts.	萨瓦尼打捞处理所有的外国和国内的汽车和卡车零部件。
And give them the encouragement and support	给他们鼓励给他们支持
Now call me crazy, but I think this kid was murdered for parts.	别说我疯了，但我觉得这孩子就是被杀鸡取卵的。
Nice job, dud	做的不错，伙计
I am just totally floored they is that the expanded tox report?	我真的很讶异自己赤手空拳在丛林里生存了30多天？
About six to eight weeks ago.	差不多六到八周以前吧。
If he thinks he's getting to advise, maybe he'll consent.	当他意识到自己的建议被接纳，也许不会太抗拒我们。
What about you? Oh, I was reading. I didn't see nothing.	你看到什么？我在看报纸，什么也没看到。
Listen to the speech tonight? 	今晚要听演讲吗？ 
Hour four and 20 minutes, 	四小时二十分过去了， 
Did you really kill a person?	你真的杀了人？
What does the bank of Los Angeles holdup have to do with the detective who put you away?	洛城银行警匪对峙与将你送进大牢的警员有啥关系？
Do you think he could be he one who started the fire? 	你认为有没有可能是他纵火？ 
Where was l? yes.	我刚才在做什么？对了。
I am a real spy.	我本来就是一个真正的间谍。
The fan club. 	它的支持者。 
They've chosen low-priced values and roaring fast-growers; small fry and behemoths; u.s. companies and distant players.	他们推荐的有价格较低的价值股，也有势头迅猛的成长股，有小型企业，也有庞然大物，有美国本土公司，也有来自海外的企业。
It lines up. The trails always went cold fast. 	好几起案子总是很快就断了线索。 
don't twist my words, Ida. What I'm saying is... 	别曲解我的意思，艾达。我的意思是… 
A room or building equipped for scientific experimentation or research.	实验室用于科学实验或研究的房屋或建筑。
You're the game. You're being played. 	你就是游戏，就是被玩的。 
And I try to be encouraging, but then she tells me I'm pushing her.	我试图鼓励她，她却以为我在逼她。
And you did the choreography pretty well, you know. 	你们的舞蹈技术很棒你知道。 
Swahili is the principal lingua franca in east africa.	东非的主要交际语是斯瓦希里语。
As long as wang argued with him, he would resort to the agreement.	只要王莉稍有意见，他就搬出那份离婚协议。
And seeing other dogs before we take him off the leash. 	先使它习惯待在公园里并看着其它的狗。 
But that's what a jury needs to see.	但陪审员要看的就是这个。
Bad, bad news. What is it? 	坏消息啊。怎么了？ 
I think it was just beautiful.	我觉得非常漂亮。
Is that true? It's a fact.	不会吧？真的。
What message shall we send?	我们得发什么信息？
You have to stop and shock her now.	你得停下别再让她受惊动了。
Oh, and if you don't have that HarryPotter book by then... 	喔，如果在那之前你没拿到哈利波特的话… 
That you can't ask them to change your schedule?	你不能让他们给你改一下工作安排吗？
No matter how hard I avoid it;	不管我如何尽力躲避
I'll - I'll check it out. 	不过，我会调查下。 
Back then, growth helped to erase the debt.	那时候，经济增长助使债务得以消除。
Flight one has refueled	一号飞机已经加过燃料了
And though zambia and tanzania recently petitioned to loosen the strictures on selling elephant parts with the price of ivory rising again the u. n.decided last week to keep the ban intact.	尽管最近赞比亚和坦桑尼亚申请放松对贩卖大象身体器官的严厉限制，同时象牙价格也在止跌回升，但联合国上周决定对贩卖禁令不做修改。
Haven't you ever been lost in a cave? 	你以前没在山洞里迷路过吗？ 
As I said... 	像我说的... 
Well, we should go because we're going to miss the play.	呃，咱们得快点了不然就看不成演出了。
But it could not produce its clinician's qualifications.	但是这也无法确保临床医师具有合格的资质。
Hungarian passport. 	匈牙利护照。 
Canon barnett was evidently a powerful speaker.	巴奈特修士显然是个有感染力的演说家。
Do I look like I want to quit?	我看起来哪里像想戒烟了？
Everything is moving so quickly, it will be nice to slow it down.	一切都进行得太快了,慢下来会比较好。
Where are you going? I'm gonna drive you.	你上哪儿？我开车送你去。
I mean, someone could just be messing with you. 	我是说，有可能是其他人在和你开玩笑。 
I mean, when you crashed.	我是说，当你坠机的时候。
I wanna talk to your supervisor. I am my supervisor!	我想和你的上级谈谈。我就是！
You were s' posed to meet me at the courts two hours ago, 	两个小时前你就应该去球场见我了， 
I promise I'll become an official one day.	一有机会，我就要做官。
Well, whatever you say. I'm putting you in charge. Thankyou, Mr. Cole.	好的，都交给你了谢谢，科尔先生。
A soccer player who was an excellent kicker.	很会踢球的一个足球运动员。
Aviation experts said the aircraft movements will lead to cabin pressurization and decompression, caused the greatest pressure on the fuselage, the fuselage joints prone to metal fatigue.	航空专家称，飞机起降会导致机舱增压和减压，对机身造成最大压力，机身连接处容易出现金属疲劳。
So much apart from one thing.	但是有一件事情除外。
The country, the whole world, unless you get that ball fixed. 	整个世界失望了，除非你能修好那个新年之球。 
And all across america, military families are reuniting.	全国上下的军属家庭都将团圆。
They're not going to send you to jail. 	他们不会送你去坐牢。 
From the chief about your schedule. 	得到了关于你的时间表的答复。 
Good, good. Hold it.	好的，好的。待住。
Mt. 4:2 and when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, afterward he became hungry.	太四2他禁食了四十昼四十夜，后来就饿了。
Never met the man, so I wouldn't know him. 	我不认识他，所以无法证实。 
One way to think about this is that in Alzheimer's disease, we're seeing the brain wear out. 	我们看到，阿尔海默症病人的大脑被破坏。 
Your farts stink more! - forget it.	你的屁更臭！- 得了吧。
Okay, so this is the part of the show,	好的，节目这部分我叫它作未来小孩前真人节目选手，
During the Iran - contra thing, he sent Oliver North's boys a set of cargo planes.	在反伊朗事件中，他送给了奥里佛诺斯的孩子们一架运输机。
In't Queenie always saying, 	奎妮不是一直说， 
But he's got to learn, you know? 	但是他要学会懂得？ 
Besides the weather, the women and the Lakers? 	如果不是天气，或者美女或者湖人队的话？ 
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success.	生最难措置的两件事，就是得胜和衰弱。
I found some more material. In the fractures along the sagittal suture.	我发现更多的物质在沿着弧形缝合处的骨折里。
I was freaking out, you were freaking out. We were a team, you know, 	我抓狂了，你也很抓狂。我们是一伙儿的，你知道的， 
Democratic judges become more liberal when on the bench with fellow democrats.	当坐在周围都是民主党法官时，民主党法官变得更自由。
Organized labor has opposed wal-mart's efforts to move into major cities because of the company's history of anti-union tactics.	由于沃尔玛一直以来的反工会策略，美国工会反对沃尔玛进入大城市的举动。
You're gonna get up from my table to call your wife?	你真打算从我的桌子边走开去给你妻子打电话？
The Persians could use it to outflank us.	波斯人从那里可以将包抄。
Is the last resort of diplomacy, 	是外交的最后手段， 
Sit down, mate. - come on, mate. 	坐下，伙计。- 没事的，伙计。 
It's corporate hazing, part of a trainee paying his dues.	公司欺负新人，就当是培训生交学费吧。
She is prodigiously talented at music. 	她对音乐有很强的造诣。 
Hmm. Well done. Good for you. 	嗯，很好，你的很不错。 
Researchers identify how bone-marrow stem cells hold their 'breath' in low-oxygen environments.	研究人员发现骨髓干细胞在低氧环境中的“呼吸”机制。
Some time ago, I fantasized about having my name, edward okoli, written on one of the phd certificates.	前些日子我曾幻想将我的名字，爱德华奥克利，写在其中一张学位证书上。
A few blocks away from you. Who's the boss?	就在你家附近。谁才是主子？
I'll tell you what kind. The crazy kind. 	我来告诉你。女疯子。 
Trucker spotted the body this morning. 	今早卡车司机发现了尸体。 
My good Zhus, 	我亲爱的朱朱们， 
And it makes her nervous when I say I'm cutting people open.	一说我给别人开刀她就很紧张。
Do you know the Baron?	你听说过那位男爵吗？
Do I sound like I'm fucking joking? Give me sergeant jln! 	我听起来想开玩笑吗？让陈上士来接电话！ 
How does one turn of bad luck change all that? 	仅交一次厄运就能将他彻底改变吗？ 
Seeking$ 1 million in investment, ceo keith rumjahn is looking to move the company permanently to the u.s. and grow his team.	公司首席执行官基思•拉姆贾汗希望获得100万美元投资，让公司彻底搬迁到美国，同时扩充团队。
You wearing make - up again, mom? 	妈妈，你又化妆了？ 
I'm sorry, but you did say no food for three months.	对不起，但是你说过这三个月没有任何食物。
Unforgiving if you're a penguin, that is. 	如果你是企鹅，这就是严酷。 
Well, you do look heavy. 	唔，你看起来是不太好。 
For shoppers the greatest attraction are the traditional souks and historical sites of both ajman and sharjah.	对于消费者而言，最大的景点是传统的露天市场和两个阿治曼和沙迦历史遗迹。
Your uncle said, and no wonder he is always worried about you	你叔叔说的，而且毫无疑问他总是很担心你
At the same time, the number of tech jobs is exploding.	与此同时，技术岗位的数量呈爆发式增长。
I mean, did you ever...	我的意思是，你有没有……。
So, uh, what'd you find out?	打听出了点什么？
I can teleport through space and time.	我可以在空间和时间之间传输。
It's that you feel responsible for your mother's death.	因为你觉得要对你母亲的死负责。
Demanded his love in return	同时要求他舍弃自己的爱情
Today, thinking that I'm alone at work, I start rummaging through my nose trying to find something interesting.	今天，我以为自己是独自在工作的，于是我开始抠我的鼻子试图发现些有趣的东西。
It has been long since we felt summer,	我们已经很久没有感受过夏天了，
I'm dating your mom - sleeping with her, doing all kind of freaky stuff to her. 	我在和你妈妈约会和她上床，干尽一切疯狂的事。 
With 13,000 chapters in 16 countries, toastmasters probably has a club near you. "	这个组织在全球16个国家拥有13,000个分会，也许在你们的身边，就有一个国际演讲会分会。
When I'd fall in love with a man... 	当我和一个人相爱时… 
It's almost exactly like that 	几乎一模一样 
His own gang members are dead. 	他为什么这么开心。 
I'm the worst girlfriend in the world. 	我是世界上最差劲的女朋友了。 
At the moment our top priority is the position of our locally-engaged staff who we want to see released unharmed and back to work.	目前，我们最为关切的是我们当地雇员的状况，我们希望看到他们安然无恙地获释并恢复工作。
To escort Ms.  Vetra and myself down to the crypt? 	护送我和维特拉女士到地下室？ 
15 yards from where we are now. 	离这里只有十几米。 
The civil war presumably killed the notion that the states were sovereign bodies, capable of nullifying national action on their own account.	说州政府具有主权,为了自己的利益可以使中央政府的行动无效的理论,可能已给南北战争推翻了。
You two were totally vibing each other.	你们两个之间超有感觉。
I can't live through that again, and neither can you. 	我无法再过一次那种生活，你也不行！ 
Well, it's a good bet he died at the house, then. 	哦，估计他就死在这所房子里吧。 
A lot of song, dawg. 	我喜欢那首歌，伙计。 
They're not disability checks.	它们不是伤残补贴。
The army seems convinced that india is supporting the taliban. This makes pakistanis especially loth to crack down on let, historically at least their trustiest weapon against india.	军方坚信印度方面在支持塔利班，这使得巴基斯坦方面更加不愿取缔虔诚军，因为从历史上看，该组织至少是他们对付印度最值得信赖的武器。
White hibiscus in autumn; white plum blossom in winter 	秋天的白芙蓉，冬天的白梅 
On friday, the european parliament approved a resolution seeking to partially suspend preferential trade treatment for argentine exports.	周五，欧洲议会批准了一项旨在暂停部分对阿根廷出口货物的优惠贸易待遇的决议。
Three. To hold our position in the Aegean islands. 	三，坚守我们在爱琴海群岛阵地。 
People like you get a taste of power, and they develop amnesia. 	像你这样的的人，尝到权力的滋味记性就不好了。 
He is not...... The original feudal Lord of this land 	他不是...... 这片土地的原封地领主。 
No. No. I don't want her to worry.	不,不我不想让她担心。
The frequency of your voice is grating.	你的声音频率太高了。
They do have certain natural ways of acting towards the world.	它们确实拥有着某种应对世界的行为方式。
Please don't ask me the same question again and again. 	别总是问我同样的问题。 
Doesn't mean he's not on the run.	并不意味着他还没有跑路。
I'll be only too pleased to help them out with any queries.	我非常乐意为他们答疑解惑。
Do fine for what?	做什么好？
So you were just using us to take our money and everything in my house? 	你只是想利用我们拿走我们的钱跟东西吧？ 
?From: Bainbridge Island Ferry. 	?出发地：班布里奇岛渡轮。 
Our maca is never fumigated or irradiated.	我们的玛卡从来没有经过熏蒸或辐照。
How do diploma mills get started?	野鸡大学是怎么来的？
I guess sometimes these things sort of come together in their own kooky sort ofway.	我猜很多事以它们自己怪异的方式集聚在一起。
They called in the hazmat team to secure the facility.	他们叫了hazmat部队去警戒.
Uh, me and the cobbers, we've been chewing it over, 	额，我和我的伙计们，都考虑过了， 
Well, I like to believe that I can see a good bet, and l...	我认为他是值得下注的，我…
Yes. Sounds wonderful. 	是的。听起来很不错。 
And a shot of penicillin, right?	再来一支青霉素，怎样？
Freed from the cost of recapitalizing and guaranteeing banks, many individual sovereign funding issues would drift away.	没有了再融资成本，也无需为银行担保，如此一来许多个别的主权资金问题就会迎刃而解。
And when I find out who did this to me - and I will find out soon... 	如果我发现是谁做的- 我很快会发现的... 
Moon represents my heart violin score.	月亮代表我的心小提琴五线谱。
I don't like these kids. Bunny. 	我不喜欢这些小孩。巴妮。 
Why would someone put a removable sticker inside a car? 	为什么会有人在车里放易粘纸？ 
He's not a poor, sick, groping boy. 	他是一个可怜有病迷茫的男人。 
After all I put you through, that's all there is to it. 	我给你带来不少麻烦，就用它作补偿吧。 
I live in hollywood. You may think people in such a glamorous, fun-filled place are happier than others. If so, you have some mistaken ideas about the nature of happiness.	我住在好莱坞。你可能认为住在这样一个魅力四射、充满欢笑的地方要比其他人更幸福。倘若如此，你就误解了幸福的本质。
You have to deal with it, or it'll stay with you forever. 	你得去面对否则你永远过不去这坎儿。 
Could you please open the case?	你能打开这柜子吗？
It's speculated that 100 million of these 	有1亿个这样的黑洞 
These are not the Chinese we know, holiness. These are Communists.	但他们不是我们所了解的，中国人殿下，他们是共产党。
What was I supposed to do, baby? That's why I needed to relax. 	我能怎么办呢？所以我才需要放松啊。 
It was this place in Rhinebeck	在莱茵贝克
Outside groups have been spending heavily on mr romney's behalf, but chiefly to close the gap between his relatively meagreand the obama campaign's more lavish ones.	虽然外围组织已经以罗姆尼的名义投入大笔资金，但主要是缩小了罗姆尼在广告投入方面的相对稀少与奥巴马的更加挥霍之间的差距。
When the late president chiang ching-kuo handed the helm of party and government over to lee teng-hui, taiwan was fairly well off. The economy was thriving, public order was satisfactory, the international milieu was quiet, and the ties with china were progressing smoothly.	蒋经国把党和国家交托给李登辉的时候，台湾大体上还算一个小康局面：经济欣欣向荣，社会安定，国际上无大风波，两岸关系平稳进展；
Okay, Brooke, you're next. 	布鲁克，你是下一个。 
Man, you gotta understand climbers. 	你得明白攀岩者的心态 
What a shameless betrayer, Liu	刘总管，你卖国求荣认贼作父，
No. So there you go.	不会。看吧。
The home-work group reported less "work exhaustion," a more positive attitude towards their jobs, and were nearly 50 percent less likely to say they were planning to quit at the end of the eight months.	家庭工作组很少报告”工作疲劳“，工作中态度更加积极，大约有50%的雇员在8个月结束后不想退出该计划。
She is Karl rove!	她真是个阴谋家！
This won't take long. Please. Sit. You think you've been smart.	不会花太长时间的。请坐！你以为你很聪明是吧？
The effect of acupuncture on simple obesity.	针刺治疗单纯性肥胖病疗效观察。
There are a couple of problems with holding on to the rails.	抓着扶手有一些问题。
That was my reaction. 	我听到时也是这反应。 
We slow danced to the theme from friends.	我们随着老友记的主题曲跳慢舞。
Pig during the chinese new year, the farmers have to make blood sausage, in addition to their own consumption, but also used as material to the relatives.	每逢过年杀猪时，农家都要做血肠，除自己食用外，还当作送给亲戚之用物。
That if you really wanna be you gotta do what you wanna do 	如果你真想做自己就做你想做的 
Well, I'm sure, sir, Penelope will be greatly honoured by such a distinction.	我敢保证，阁下，佩内洛普会因这样的待遇受宠若惊的。
The closer we get to where he lives.	我们就越接近他的居住地。
Bingo, bingo... Take it to me 	上上上，你拿来吧 
Fighting back tears, he told his elderly parents how, as a young child, he used to chase trains that went pass their front door, shouting, "mother! Mother!"	他强忍住泪水，给年迈的父母讲述，小时候自己如何追赶门前飞驰而过的火车，嘴里喊着“妈妈！妈妈！”
As you went out from the trial. 	当你走出法庭的时候。 
Plus I get a percentage of the overages. 	另外，余额我要提成。 
In the past decade, eastman-kodak invested heavily to develop and manufacture digital printers and digital cameras, which it first introduced in 1995. Its products worked.	伊士曼-柯达在过去十年中在数字影印和照相机的研发和生产上砸下重金，早在1995年就将此类产品推向市场，当时还是成功的。
Would you like some noodles? 	想来点面条吗？ 
We both stopped making an effort a long time ago.	很久以前我们就不再为彼此做任何努力了。
Okay, you'd better be quiet, buddy. What are you gonna do? 	好吧，你小子最好闭嘴，伙计。你想干嘛？ 
Parents are on their way. They're bringing lawyers.	孩子的父母在路上了他们带了律师。
Like a thief?	偷偷走？？
He doesn't do the work. 	他就是不去干。 
I put you two together, and don't you forget it!	我撮合你们，你别想过河拆桥！
Wait, wait! Let go!	等等！放开我！
Hey, you gonna be here long?	你在这会待很久吗？
Especially after my mom died. 	尤其在我妈妈死后。 
Saturated fat, that familiar culprit, is no better for the brain than it is for the body.	饱和脂肪，这个惯犯，给大脑造成的损害比对身体的一点不少。
It could be real bad.	可能会非常不妙。
And I suppose I intend to win them.	我想我要赢。
And a bunch of my friends just trashed a building. 	我朋友还把幢楼给毁了。 
Everyone else stay in position. 	其他人原地待命。 
Right here, next to the structure.	就在这里，在建筑物旁。
This month india's cabinetcommittee on security approved the purchase of 10 c-17 globemaster iii heavy-lift transport aircraftfrom the united statesfor use by the indian air force in a deal worth$ 4.1 billion.	本月，印度负责安全事务的内阁委员会批准印度空军从美国采购10架c-17“环球霸王iii”大型军用运输机，该笔交易价值41亿美元。
Who was it I gave that picture to? Military intelligence.	我当时把那张照片给了谁？军事情报人员。
Occasionally irritating sister who's dying. 	有时她挺烦人现在她要死了。 
Hagia sophia is a former orthodox patriarchal basilica, later a mosque, and now a museum in istanbul, turkey.	圣索菲亚教堂位于土耳其的伊斯坦布尔，从前是东正教主教堂，之后是清真寺，现在是博物馆。
Ridiculously attractive for saying that. 	你说这话的时候竟是如此迷人。 
Was I overly enthusiastic?	我刚才是不是过分热情了？
Obviously they were given to herby the killer.	葡萄显然是凶手给她的。
You got a problem with me when I'm a dumb rookie, 	我不发表意见你不乐意， 
Let's just go to the pickup point and get some dinner. 	我们去指定地吃点东西吧。 
Push another EPI. Charge again.	再推一单位肾上腺素。再充电。
His roommate would lose his temper whenever he finds someone in the room makes a sound or he finds some other students are even whispering in the room.	那个学生在寝室里不允许别人发出一点声响，甚至同学之间轻声说几句话，他就要发脾气。
How was Jasmin untrue?	张蕙贞啥地方不好呢？
You have to be closing all the time! 	你得始终保持接近！ 
don't worry. We thought this through.	别担心。我们早有准备。
Garage parking upon availability 	提供车库停车，取决于可用性。 
I hear he even writes a little poetry now.	我听说他现在还写点小诗。
A lot of good it's doing me. 	我从中获益匪浅。 
Again and again I meditated on the uncertainty of the hour of death.	再三观想死亡时刻的不确定。
The coas thanked premier wen jiabao and the chinese government and people for their consistent support to pakistan in its efforts to uphold its sovereignty and territorial integrity as well as foster economic development and social stability.	不管是在维护国家主权和领土完整，还是在促进经济发展和维护社会稳定上，巴基斯坦都得到了温家宝总理和中国政府、中国人民一贯的支持，基亚尼将军对此表示感谢。
Kazuo shanghai trading company in hong kong branch meeting.	上海一雄商贸有限公司港汇分公司。
You want us to break into a government - controlled crime scene? 	你想让我们闯入政府严控的犯罪现场？ 
We had three days of fun, food, and sex. 	她说，“我们享受了三天快感，美食和性”。 
And clearly you're awake, so what is the infraction? 	你也还没睡，搞什么东东？ 
I'll be ready to run interfere for you.	我准备好为你解决冲突了。
Plus the humidity is really ruining my hair. 	再说这里的湿度整个毁了我的头发。 
Suddenly "rainmaker" partners who made seven figures were facing a sizable drop below that, making them ripe candidates for other firms.	原先能拿到七位数薪酬的合伙人，突然之间面临薪酬大幅缩水的境况，于是，许多人纷纷转投其他律所。
I drive around to the track's back entrance just for a chance to wind him up, 	我在赛场的后门那儿转悠只是想让他紧张紧张， 
You know, it's pretty sad that woman being the love of your life.	你知道吗，把那个女人当成一生挚爱还真是挺悲摧的。
Well, sounds vaguely ominous.	好，听起来有不祥预兆。
Oh, don't worry. I'm not leaving.	别担心。我没有要搬走。
You should call. You just can't show up, you know.	你得打电话，不能就这么过来。
After a good eight seconds of flailing, grabbing, and poking at the air above my desk, frank welty finally unholstered his sidearm and put me out of my misery.	我在桌子上朝空气又抓又砸又戳地比划了八秒钟，弗兰克•威尔提终于掏出手枪把我干掉了。
You just told me your grandma said that piss is good for your skin. 	你刚刚告诉我你祖母说尿液对皮肤有益。 
,coming from within the house, telling him to murder his family,	从屋里来，告诉他枪杀了他全家人，
I'll know more later.	稍后我会得出更多的结论。
Why you checking my records? I'm just following up.	你为什么查我的记录？我只是看看。
Oh, baby, fuck critics. What do they know? 	哦，宝贝儿，去他的评论家。他们知道个屁啊？ 
And created the dream to explain it.	就制造了一个梦来做解释。
don't count me out yet. It's frustrating. 	先别说。我不是。 
Absolutely. It's a national park. 	是的没错。那可是国家公园。 
Begin by identifying aspects of the job that you've grown complacent about.	要开始留意到你对工作变得自满的方方面面。
So put an asterisk next to this one as a particularly important 	所以在这个十分重要的建筑边上画个星 
Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week. 	她说我这个礼拜会死。 
Greed is a state of being that magnetizes too much dream towards oneself.	贪婪，是一个用磁力吸引了过多梦想到自己身上的状态。
Twenty years ago, some 60% of baby boomers was satisfied with their jobs. Today, that figure is roughly 46%.	20年前，有60%的婴儿潮一代对工作感到满意，现在这个数字约为46%。
I'll leave first thing tomorrow. 	我明天一大早就离开。 
Every joy evaporates. I find only sorrow.	“当快乐蒸发。只剩下悲伤”。
One of your little side projects. 	又是那些小打小闹。 
A remote control submarine can do it. 	我要一艘远程遥控潜水艇。 
Rest your back on this. 	在这上面休息一下。 
Traditional and nontraditional threats to security are intertwined.	传统安全威胁和非传统安全威胁相互交织。
I love Jabbar, and - and I love you, 	我爱乔巴，还有 - 还有我也爱你， 
But I have always respected your father. 	但我一直尊敬你们的父亲。 
Roses are boring, dear.	玫瑰太无趣了。
Daisy my love... Listen... Stuff your'my love !	戴西，我的爱…听着…不要口口声声“我的爱人”！
Changed their minds at the last minute,	总是在最后关头变卦，
It's true for cops and even truer for spies,	不仅对警察来说如此对间谍更是如此，
I thinkI found his target.	我想我找到他的目标了。
I... Forgot? 	我嘛...忘了？ 
Go get the dope and bring it back to me. 	去那找个笨蛋，然后给我带来过。 
I had one of my dad's contractor friends bring. 	我叫我爸的一个承包商朋友昨晚带了些工人过去。 
Both seems excessive. 	两个都来就有点过了。 
She has been withdrawn, restless, and reluctant to go outside and urinate.	她最近是有点孤僻，消沉，又心神不宁还不愿外出和排泄。
This best computer science degrees infographic compares apple's massive reach to things around it in the world.	这个采用时下最先进的电脑科技为依托信息图，通过对比的形式向世人诠释了苹果在全世界相应领域的巨大影响力。
He sees others again and again procurable, some are not hanged on face.	他见别人频频得手，脸面上有些挂不住。
On India's nuclear buildup with Pakistan.	关于印巴核问题的报道。
Leaflets adaxially shallowly wavy toothed or wavy shallowly parted.	小叶正面浅波浪状浅深裂的波浪状齿或。
Why are you smiling? Why am I here?	你在笑什么？我为什么来这里？
Call me tomorrow late morning.	明天上午打给我吧。
Yes. Ben's near, too.	对。本也在附近。
Your top six, America.	六强选手，观众们。
While causes of abomasum diseases were analyzed, and strategies were suggested for prevention and cure.	同时进行了病因分析和讨论，并提出了建设性的防治对策。
We also offer 24 hour food service! 	我们还提供24小时餐饮服务！ 
Today an army of hackers in china routinely scour the networks of u.s. corporations in search of intellectual property and trade secrets, says kevin mandia, ceo of security firm mandiant.	安全性公司Mandiant的CEO凯文•曼迪亚表示，如今来自中国的黑客经常入侵美国企业的网络搜寻知识产权或贸易机密。
During the past decade, however, chinese soccer has been racked with charges of bribery and corruption, with dozens of officials sent to jail.	然而在过去10年中，中国足球饱受贿赂和腐败丑闻缠绕，数十名官员被判入狱。
I could make you iove me.	我可以使你爱我。
It produces bubbles by trapping air in mucus with special movements of its spoon - like foot, 	它用它勺子状的腿做出特别的动物来通过黏液获得空气制造泡沫， 
Well, it's not like he's gonna watch me come work at the playboy club. 	他才不会来看我在花花公子俱乐部工作。 
Be cool. Take it easy.	冷静。放轻松。
If this right is not simply new "friends" just a move unreservedly.	还不如索性对这位新“朋友”毫无保留地招了算了。
What made you think so? 	什么让你这样想？ 
Cribs are available upon request. Amenities include: hair dryer, iron, flat screen TV with cable television and a DVD player, free Wi-Fi, microwave, and a refrigerator, just to name a few. 	如要求可提供婴儿床。便利设施包括：吹风机、熨斗、带有线电视和DVD播放机的平板电视、免费Wi-Fi、微波炉和冰箱，这只是其中一部分。 
Historians attribute it to the whole sort of a state of culture there, 	历史学家把这归属于国家这种文化， 
The biggie will make all this go away? 	上苍就会帮我度过难关？ 
And we wouldn't even be having this conversation.	我们就没有机会在这说话了。
Drop me off here, okay? It's right around the corner. 	在这里把我放下，行吗？就在拐角处。 
He's already been there a few times. 	他已经到过那里几次了。 
Now you're a real boxer.	你现在像个真的拳击手了。
Free medicines, Mr. Black.	免费药品，布莱克先生。
Hey! Get off of the fence! 	喂！快下来！ 
Mrs. Plummer, I've dealt with... 	布拉蒙太太，我安排了... 
If they're both lower than expected, you'll also get a positive number. 	如果都低于你预期，也会得到一个正数。 
Inside it will tell you where to meet me at 9:00 p. M. Tonight, 	在里面写明了今晚9点我们会在哪里见面， 
The whole family is dead.	全家死光。
You have to control it. 	你就得控制住它。 
They were our heroes. That's how we looked at them.	他们是我们的英雄。这就是我们如何看待他们。
Some insurers and hospitals are creating their own acos, separate from the medicare experiment. Others are testing new types of payment.	有些保险公司和医院创建了自己的和医改有所区别的可靠保健机构名单，其他正在试行新的支付手段。
So you will be highly entertained. All right?	你不会感到无聊的。好么？
The only people that worry me are the Russian. 	唯一让我担心的人种是俄国人。 
You don't know how long it's been. 	我已经很久没有这种。 
I read her letter.	我看过她的信。
They are gorgeous! Were they expensive? 	太好看了！贵吗？ 
I guess I'm in just too big of a rush to make it all happen.	我想自己确实是太心急了。
Couple guys were buying drinks for her afterwards. 	好几个人都看上她了。 
Now!  okay, okay, okay. 	快！ 好，好，好。 
Good - looking fin.	挺帅的鳍哈。
And I don't give a damn about Romans, Britain or this island. 	也不管罗马人不列颠或这个地方。 
You really think it's cool to hit the sauce when you've got a bun in the oven?	你真的认为怀着孩子还能喝酒？
It's especially relevant when I consider my next swim. 	当我想到下一个游泳地点时，就觉得这想法真的很贴切。 
Taytay, philippines: navy rescuers attend a sick baby in a flood-devastated area	泰泰，菲律宾：在洪水灾区，海军救援人员照顾一名生病儿童。
most of my heroes don't appear on no stamp	我的英雄们都不出现在邮票上
Its current prosperity was far from inevitable.	澳洲当前的繁荣绝不是必然的现象。
We know he's dead. You lie. 	我们知道他死了。你们在撒谎。 
Exactly what I'm looking at here.	我到底在这看到什么。
Our grip on the land is loosening.	我们对土地的控制力丧失了。
A God who would be willing to give your teacher a cold... 	上帝，愿意帮你让老师感冒。 
How are the bathrooms? Awesome 	厕所怎么样？无法形容 
You read that?	你看了那个？
Hey, guys, here's a piece of wood. 	嘿，伙计们，这儿有块木头。 
I called by the bar, it's all closed up. 	我去了酒吧，那都关掉了。 
Imagine having a pet in your family for 79 years and through four generations.	试想一下你的家人喂养宠物已有79年的历史而且历经四代。
Ah, watch the grill, George foreman.	啊，瞧这一记，北斗七星拳。
I know you don't know me very well yet.	我知道，你们大家对我还不是很了解。
Not nervous or anything? No. I'm fine. 	别紧张哈？没啊。我挺好的。 
Do you believe in these standardized tests?	你相信这些水平测试吗？
Objective to study the relationship between mental health and psychosocial factors in military nursing students.	目的了解军校护生心理健康状况及其与心理社会影响因素的关系。
After I smuggle the stones across the border...	当我把钻石带出国境…
I'm sure it will be fine if you just let me in.	我敢说如果你让我进去肯定什么问题也没有了。
I've never backed out. 	我从来不会退缩。 
Looked like they didn't belong?	似乎与派对格格不入？
Well, for one thing, vital stats on all the other racers. 	其中一项就是攸关所有其他竞争对手的资料。 
Just working things from my end. Same goal.	以我的角度去调查我们目的。是相同的。
He's heading to shrink Stan!	他要去缩小斯坦了！
It's been better. I'll just say that. 	好多了。只能这么说了。 
I'm not playing stupid. 	我没有装傻。 
And if enhanced, the substance could help ward off dementias and other memory problems.	如果加大剂量可以帮助防止痴呆和其他记忆问题。
But on the other hand, I sat here for almost an hour... 	但就另一方面而言我在这里坐了有一个小时了... 
As she has spread her message at colleges and conferences, the 42-year-old mother of two has practically built a second career as an evangelist for aspiring women.	这位两个孩子的母亲在大学和会议上传播她的观点，42岁的她俨然有了第二职业，那就是为有职业抱负的女性奔走呼号。
He should have been here. 	他应该参加才对。 
You have 30 seconds. Go.	给你30秒计时。开始。
It also can't compete with apple's extensive app store — at launch, the touchpad's app catalog will offer just 300 applications.	此外，它更无法与苹果丰富的应用商店（App Store）相媲美：发布之初，TouchPad的应用目录（App Catalog）只提供区区300个应用程序。
Science is a profession, not a religious vocation, and does not justify an oath of poverty or celibacy.	科学是一个职业，不是宗教性职业，不要为贫穷或者独身而找借口。
Now tell me, do you have the stones to sink a putt when you have to?	告诉我，必要时你会落井下石吗？
He must also secure deeper reforms.	他还必须确保更深层次的改革。
And sane. 	头脑清晰。 
Loo, it's a shower. We can take care of this. 	卢仔，只是洗个澡嘛。我们自己处理就行了。 
Stay sharp, lads. And remember, nigel gets that dunham cunt all to himself.	保持机警,伙伴们.并记得,奈杰尔全靠自己抓到那当翰贱货.
You know, most guys I meet try really hard to impress me.	你知道吗，很多我认识的男生都想尽办法来打动我。
Studies such as rahmstorf's gain a lot of publicity.	很多拉姆斯托夫之类人的研究引起了很多人们的关注。
She never mentioned a sister until last night,	她知道昨晚才提起有个姐姐，
That will give you your next set of coordinates. 	从而得到下一组坐标。 
Europe must put up more money and take other measures to strengthen its own defences.	欧洲必须拿出更多资金、采取更多措施来巩固其自身的防御体系。
I got a stop to make first. 	我要先去个地方。 
Pay this man what he wants. He is a God.	付给这个男人想要的东西。他是一个神。
And show them you're the criminals they fear you are.	以罪犯的形式出现让人们害怕。
Relax southwest style on our leather couches or just kick back in front of the fireplace after you explore Sedona. 	游览完塞多纳后，您可以在皮革沙发上放松或者在壁炉前休息。 
Professor king downplays the fragment's validity as a biographical document, saying that it was probably composed in greek a century or so after the crucifixion, then subsequently transcribed into coptic.	金教授并不看重这个残片作为一个传记文件的有效性，认为它可能是大约1世纪的希腊或耶稣受难后写成的，随后抄写成科普特语。
Theory is those hikers stumbled upon its lair	据说是那些徒步旅行者发现它的兽窝
Do my hands feel sweaty to you? 	你觉得我的手汗多吗？ 
I think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever met in my entire life.	我觉得你是我所见过的最美丽的女人。
Can you shout that loud on Prozac?	在吃百忧解的话会那么大声吵架吗？
What's wrong? Shut up! 	克伦，你有毛病啊？闭嘴！ 
I'll go get a blanket for the couch. 	我去拿个蒙沙发的毯子。 
I don't have any. Sure you do. Come on.	已经没有了。真的。不要骗我了。
Three men. 254 kilos. 	三个人254公斤。 
Which, if it isn't physical, can be very difficult to substantiate and take several months to prove.	但若并非身体虐待那么取证会很难后续更需要花费几个月时间来验证。
But I can't change the past...	但是我没法改变过去。
Mobile phone radiation health risk controversy.	手机辐射健康危害的争论。
How many boys your age get an opportunity like this?	有多少和你同龄的有这种机会？
I want out of the hole. 	我不想待在洞里。 
I know. It's addictive, right? 	我知道。会上瘾的，是吧？ 
Oh, Evan? No, he's just 	哦，你说埃文？不，他就是 
We're so very proud of him... 	我们真为他而自豪…… 
If you're away on a trip you can still attend a meeting. Just connect via videoconferencing software so your face appears on ava's screen.	如果你出差了，也能参加会议，只要连上视频会议软件，你的面孔就能出现在ava的屏幕上。
That the only hope now was that the boat had drifted far enough out to sea... 	唯一的希望是帆船飘到足够外边… 
People thought the ship was unsinkable.	人们以为这艘船会永不沉没。
Well, for a vest you don't have much choice in style.	噢，背心的款式并没有多少选择。
I think - well, let's listen.	我认为我们还是先听一下。
Now I know why you pushed so hard for her. 	我明白为什么你那么努力替她争取了。 
Just here, no blood, nothing. She just vanished.	就在这里，没有血迹，没有痕迹什么都没有。她就这么消失了。
Yeah. Sorry to disturb you, sir. 	是的……抱歉打扰你，长官。 
How? After all this?	怎么会？咱可是刚破了个大案？
What did I ask for? 	我要什么了？ 
Because the patient didn't want to be seen, that's why. 	因为患者不想让人看见，这就是为什么。 
I may be able to offer some suggestions.	我可以给你们些建议。
I said it. Told you she was framed. 	我就说告诉过你她是被陷害的。 
If it isn't him, then that feeling will go away. 	如果他不是你爸，那感觉也就消失了。 
No homework is not a bad thing.	没有家庭作业不是一件坏事。
Now, from these variables	现在从这些变量里
The first is that it conflates many different things-from the quality of a company's products to its relationship with ngos-into a single notion of "reputation".	第一是诸多不同方面被合并从企业产品的质量到企业与公益机构的关系统一到“声誉”这个概念里。
Formed from impact cratering over billions of years,	形成于几十亿年前的火山喷发，
He's got his own dreams that won't come true. 	他也有自己的梦想要追求。 
Look what I got on a cup of coffee.	看他给的小费我就给他上了杯咖啡。
Kids? Boy and girl.	孩子？一男一女。
Well, theoretically, it still should. 	是啊，理论上，是这样应该管用的啊 
At the end of every shift, I went home... 	我每晚值完班后，我都会直接回家。。。 
He was hiding behind a dumpster with a video camera. 	他拿着摄像机躲在一个垃圾筒后面。 
I can't speak to cynthia as matt.	作为马太我无法与辛西娅正常交谈。
Most japanese cities were built of wood and paper as many still were around fukushima perfect targets for lemay's fire bombs.	日本大部分城市是用木头和纸张建立的就像今天福岛的很多建筑一样成为了lemay投放的燃烧弹的完美目标。
I am ready to begin anew. first I must recover from my	我准备好重新开始了喔。我首先应该
Can I fetch milk for the children? 	我能给孩子取点牛奶吗？ 
Yeah, I'm meeting a friend.	对，去见一个朋友。
Well, he didn’t break it off with her.	呃，他没因此和她分手。
I'm okay. I'm okay. Fit as a fiddle. 	我没事。我没事。健康得很。 
Does it mean you're not hungry or that the food doesn't suit you?	是你不饿还是饭不合你的胃口？
I am fed up with you.	我真受够你了。
But it's not all fun and games.	但他们将经历的不只是嬉闹。
The appeals body upheld a ruling by a wto judicial panel that the us had failed to comply with rulings against its use of "zeroing" when calculating the size of antidumping duties.	上诉机构维持了世贸组织一个专家小组的裁决，即美国在计算反倾销税尺度时，没有遵守禁止其使用“归零法”的裁决。
Slowly I want you 	你要慢慢的靠到路边 
We got feeding to do, and I don't need you boys in a turkey coma. 	我们得去能牲口喂食，别吃撑着了。 
I just do it sometimes when I'm playing 'survivor.	我只是在参加" 幸存者" 的时候有时会这样做。
Only in corsets and horse - drawn carriages. 	只不过他们穿的是紧身衣坐的是马车。 
cause there won't be anything left between us.	因为我们两人之间已经什么都不剩了。
I could not assent to, much less parti*** te in such proceedings.	我对这种行为不能赞同，哪里还说得上参加。
Look at how she sparkles when she says that.	当她提起这些的时候看看她会多惊讶。
Saved his life when everybody ID there was no hope.	在大家都绝望的时候拯救了他。
I owe you all a supper.	我欠你们一顿晚餐。
Rooms offer high-speed wireless Internet Access, LCD televisions with satellite, hygienic and orthopedic beds, bathrobe, individually controlled whisper quite air-condition, mini-bar, direct phone and phone in bathrooms, digital safe box and baby crib on request. The Antea Terrace Restaurant offers gorgeous view of Marmara Sea and Princes Islands. 	客房配有高速无线互联网接入、液晶卫星电视、卫生和矫形床、浴衣、独立控制的静音空调、迷你吧、直拨电话和设在浴室内的电话、数码保险箱以及经要求提供的婴儿床。昂特亚露台餐厅可欣赏到马尔马拉海和王子群岛的壮丽美景。 
His clothes were worn and mended in places, and wrinkled and loose in others, but he looked neat and had very good manners.	他的衣服已经很旧，有些地方都打了补丁，还有些地方满是褶子，松松垮垮，但从整体来看还算整洁，而且蛮有修养。
The things we do for friends. 	敬我们为朋友所做的。 
Also blamed: student disaffection, parental neglect, intransigent teachers unions and flaws in the way we measure performance.	人们开始指责：学生的叛离、家长的忽视、顽固的教工联，还有衡量绩效方法的缺陷。
We're out of ammunition anyway. 	我们缺乏弹药。 
Met with condNast for several hours this afternoon. 	今天下午与康泰纳仕的人会谈了几个小时。 
I mean, she's obviously feeling desperate. 	她肯定是走到穷途末路了。 
They regarded their father as a grey civil servant working in grey office job.	他们把父亲看成是一个在干着枯燥乏味办公室工作的无精打采的公务员。
But our chrson tou is what sets us apart from other lodges.	但个人贴心服务正是将我们与其它旅馆的不同之处。
The god of theistic religious naturalists is not a supernatural deity, but instead is a power or force within the natural universe.	神论宗教自然主义的神并不是一个超自然的神，而是自然宇宙中的能力或力量。
How many of them? Many.	有多少？很多。
Wait. Did I interrupt something?	等等，我是不是妨碍你们了？
L was never this afraid when we were in the seminary.	我们在神学院里，我从没这么担心。
For starters, some good ideas are often unable to build and maintain forced to run aground.	对于初学者来说，而有些好的创意往往因为无力建设和维护而不得不搁浅。
You keep that off, but I like that light, 	把声音关了，但是我喜欢光， 
I can make it stop if you do what I say. 	如果你按我说的做我就能让它停下来。 
Ln a few short years we will go forth as an army.	再过上短短几年,我们就能以大军出击.
Yes. Yes. She's in excellent hands, sir.	当然，当然她会有最好的人照顾，先生。
No, he didn't. Look.	不，它没有。看。
Mr. lu xun regarded it as an excellent work of buddhist aesthetics and displayed a photo of it on his desk.	鲁迅先生非常欣赏这一艺术珍品，视为佛教美学佳作，把它的照片陈放在自己的书案上。
A research on the development of taiwan rock climbing ( 1945-2006)	台湾攀岩运动发展之研究(1945-2006)
The brazilian development bank, which had planned to invest in the merged entity, withdrew its backing on july 12th.	巴西开发银行此前虽然计划对两者的兼并提供投资，也在7月12日收回这项支持。
Better than anyone in fact. 	比任何人都了解。 
So how could he understand how much you'd give up 	他不懂得你为这计划 
Um, because I think	嗯，因为我认为
A letter for you, madam.	一封你的信，女士。
Turkey suffers from two other bugbears: inflation and a large current-account deficit.	土耳其还面临着其他两个难题：通货膨胀和高额的往来账户赤字。
Both sides will have to sell the agreement to their people. It's here that the real test will come.	双方都必须要让各自的民众接受这项协议。真正的考验就在这里。
I think you can go places and do stuff. 	我觉得你会获得成功。 
You bought a helicopter and you don't have your license yet? 	你买了一架直升机但还没有执照？ 
A single-reed woodwind with a conical bore.	带有一个圆锥孔的单簧木管乐器。
You had no consideration for my life, your life or my spinners. 	你们一点也不顾及我的生活，你们的生活，和我的控制器。 
I don't think I'll be wanting lunch.	估计我没胃口了。
She was no longer the milkmaid, but an essence of woman-a whole sex condensed into one typical form.	她不再是一个挤牛奶的女工了，而是个女性精华--从全体妇女里凝炼出来的一个典型仪容。
In typical hollywood lingo, he said "this is going to be big".	他用典型的好莱坞行话说，“事念将扩大。”
I just needed some relief. 	我就是想喘口气。 
I just have to do my patient write - ups, read a couple of psych articles, 	我要写些病例报告，读些心理学文章， 
When you were first seen in the alley. - yeah?	当别人在那小巷子第一次看到你的时候。-耶？
Now I will never have a father or a mother. Never.	我再也没有爸爸妈妈了。永远不会有了。
But the bubble light...	但汽泡灯...
In my office again without my prior consent, 	你再不经过我的同意踏入我办公室半步， 
In the dead of night, I dread the snap of rootless willows, groan of years heavy with remembered time.	死沉沉的夜里，柳条的晃动让我惊心，那是岁月在沉痛中忆起旧时的呻吟。
Like I thought I lost you. 	好像我已经永远地。 
I have to file a report 	我每次用枪 
Legendary luminous pearl is recorded by the official history, legend, novel and poem in several chinese dynasties.	夜明珠在中国多个朝代的正史、稗史、小说及诗赋中均有记载。
Finding a way to close Pandora's box. 	找出关上潘朵拉盒子的方法。 
Biomedical engineering is aggravating the modern humanistic puzzle that separating the body and soul of humankind.	生物医学工程加剧以“身心二分”为特点的当代医学人文困惑。
Your mom passed away this evening. 	你妈妈刚刚去世了。 
No, fucker, we do not have a charge.	对，混蛋，我们没有罪名。
No, that's a deal breaker.	对，机不可失。
A clobbering now would probably make them more likely to turn to an electable candidate in 2008.	现在的重挫可能会使共和党人在2008年推出一位更具有竞选能力的候选人。
We could have shared the money.	我们可以分了那笔钱的。
You don't wear a brassiere?	你不穿胸罩？
It doesn't really fit into their scheme of things.	她们没有想到会这样。
I like your tattoos, 	我喜欢你的纹身， 
Workers head to the cafeteria at huawei headquarters in shenzhen, china. Huawei's employees, whose average age is just 31, are known for working long hours to increase the value of their stake in the company.	中国深圳华为总部，工人们正前往公司餐厅，他们的平均年龄只有31岁，素以“长时间工作来增加他们在公司的股份价值”而闻名。
You ever heard of him?	你听说过这个人么？
Good, just try not to steal any more cars, okay? 	很好，只是别再偷车了好吗？ 
Look, I hate to give you guys good news,	听着，我不想给你们带来好消息，
Do you have something you want to tell us?	你要告诉我们什么吗？
I shudder to think what his confession would be like! 	我害怕假如他忏悔了呢！ 
You call what I've been going through just stress? 	你觉得我只是有压力？ 
Ushering in an age of glory, good fortune, peace and prosperity. 	从此以后咱们村是金光闪闪，紫气冉冉。 
Yeah, she's down at the end of the hall. 	是的，她在走廊的尽头。 
U were only there for one day W could you possibly know for sure? 	你只在那待了一天怎么会完全搞清楚呢？ 
Many frightened residents don't share that view, although crocodiles are shy creatures, hord said.	霍德说，许多惊恐的居民不同意这种看法，尽管鳄鱼是一种很害羞的动物。
Yes. No, nothing yet. 	是的。没有，还没开始。 
Why does she have a tail? 	她怎么还长了尾巴？ 
i only remember three sixes drink! 	我只记得三个六喝！ 
I've gotta get me a man like that. 	我也要找一个这样的男人。 
Local officials said that us special forces were also hunting down omar in the area.	地方官员说，美国特种部队也在当地追缉欧玛。
I see it also works with cheese. 	原来奶酪也可以这样玩。 
And he keeps asking me over and over... 	他总是一遍又一遍问我... 
Which I don't really get what that is. 	其实我不大明白什么意思。 
Panic swept through the camp. 	整个营地里人心惶惶。 
Chapter 5 concluding remarks summarize the text briefly, and point out the places that need to be studied further.	第五章结束语对本文的研究进行简要总结，并指出需要作进一步研究的地方。
Did you hear about stark?	听说斯塔克的事了吗？
But her credit cards were missing.	她信用卡也不见了。
Birkmeyer noted that most of the errors the researchers identified were the least severe.	博克梅厄指出，研究人员发现大部分医疗差错并不严重。
If you see a fork in the road, buy it!	如果你看到一个岔路口，买吧！
We'll let them lose their teeth	咱们都能叫他咬崩了牙
Reporter: is it tough to pitching with no run support?	记者：当没有分数的支援时，会很难投吗？
I agreed to let you work this case 'cause you're a cop. 	我同意让你参与这个案子因为你是个警察。 
L already have a Pulitzer. You do? 	我已经有普立兹奖了真的？ 
If you don't want to spend your saturday afternoon poring over an ikea instruction manual, you don't have to; you can select to have your furniture delivered and buy items that don't require much assembly.	如果顾客不愿意在周六花费一下午的时间研读宜家的安装手册，他大可不必费这个事；他可以选择由宜家公司送货上门，购买不需要多少自己动手组装的货物。
It is often argued that greater choice will lead to greater competition, which in turn equates to lower fees in theory if not practice.	人们常说，扩大选择会加剧竞争，反过来也就等于是降低费用至少从理论上说是这样。
It stays nailed.	就会一直盯着。
night birds are flying  	天空出现夜鸟的身影 
Hi, Dongzi, I am Xiao - LAN. 	你就是冬子？我叫小兰。 
Right? That's right, sir.	对不对？是这样的。先生。
Oh. So where is it now? 	哦。那日记在哪呢？ 
If less antigen is needed per dose, manufacturers can produce more doses in a shorter time.	如果每一剂疫苗中所需的抗原较少的话，那制造商们就能在更短的时间内造出更多的疫苗。
He's rigged a pulley system so he can eat sausage and work on his stupid drawings. 	他搞了这么复杂的装置就是为了边画他的屁画边吃腊肠。 
Can I ask you a personal question? Sure.	我可以问你一个私人问题吗？当然。
And stash gear there? 	把东西放在那里？ 
You like golf, you say "please" and "thank you", you 're... 	你喜欢高尔夫你会说" 请" 和" 谢谢" ，你... 
Can you read the time, boy? Yes, sir.	孩子，你能识别时间吗？会的，先生。
You know that's what nannies and sitters are for.	你不知道有保姆的存在吗。
Below his preternatural affability there is some acid and steel.	在他异常和蔼可亲的表情之下，有着尖刻和钢铁般的坚毅。
I am so unhappy,	我真的很不高兴，
She was shy, kind, and, well, she... 	她害羞，善良，呃，她... 
Excuse me, they had no credibility to begin with. 	抱歉，一开始就没。 
Bangladesh won the toss and decided to bat first.	孟加拉国队掷硬币赢了，决定先击球。
From now on the secret service takes you wherever you need to go 	从现在起，你们去哪里都要有保安跟随 
I'm using my puppy dog eyes. 	我都开始卖萌了哟。 
He must know how to get a hold of her. 	他一定知道怎么联系她。 
Do you see that I did see it.	你看到了吗？看到了看到了。
So she had to get on that plane.	所以她不得不上了那架飞机.
But what? What else is there?	可是什么？有什么难言之隐？
But they've stripped the native plants	但现在它们吃光了这里的土地
All right, morphine, five milligrams IV. 	好吧，5毫克吗，啡静注。 
I think I put some stuff on you that...	我觉得我给你的期许...
Well, I guess it could be half the fortune 500's, right	我想前500强的头头脑脑都可能，对吧
We'll surface again at 03:30. Good luck. 	我们03：30再浮上来，祝你们好运。 
And now miss linda bruce from ganderstown.	现在是甘德斯镇的琳达。布鲁斯。
Why don't you just go with her?	你为什么不和她一起走？
It's like your mother's. It's like our maid' s. 	就像你母亲的一样。像我们女佣的。 
I brought you in to progress the Monroe investigation.	我本是请你来继续门罗案调查的
You just made a big mistake, Henry. 	你做了一件非常愚蠢的事亨利。 
She assisted her during childbirth. 	她帮她接生过。 
All right, but I'm clearing	好吧，吃完了我收拾
We have to appeal to all the students, so we, we need hot girls for the sixth graders... 	为了吸引所有同学，那么，我们需要那些6年级的辣妹... 
That we should've saved that kid. 	你想救那个孩子。 
The events demonstrate african american economic strength and show the importance of education, while awarding annual scholarships with the proceeds of the football game.	球赛进行时，也会颁发一年一度的奖学金，因而这项盛会不只显示了非裔美人的经济能力，而且还展示了教育的重要性。
One surprise gift. 	一份惊喜的礼品。 
Switch up!	打开通话！
Could be her dad.	可能是她父亲。
The one that makes you convulse with sobs when you think of it.	你一想到就会呜咽抽搐的那个瞬间。
A onepoll survey commissioned by price comparison website confused.com found that 37 per cent of parents have displayed signs and four out of five of them believe they improve safety.	比价网站confused.com开展的一项调查发现，37%的父母使用了车贴，其中4/5相信这能使行驶更安全。
But you've got it back - to - front. 	但是你弄反了。 
According to a 2008 study from wheaton college, fathers were actually less emotionally prepared for an empty nest than mothers.	2008年惠顿大学的一项研究表明，的爸爸比妈妈更好为“空巢”问题做准备所以没有那么糟糕。
The young people have claimed almost daily visitations from the Virgin Mary.	这些年轻人说几乎每天都会看到圣母马利亚显圣。
I believe everyone here	我相信在场诸位加入
Rusal, the russian mining company, said its refinery was also unaffected.	俄罗斯矿业公司俄罗斯铝业表示，其炼厂也未受到影响。
Sorry about dumping this on you. 	很抱歉让你听我讲这些。 
Well, I reckon you'd like a place to sleep, wouldn't you?	可是，我连个安身之所都没法给你。
If you let people walk over you now, they'll walk over you the rest of your life. 	你难道不知道你这样好欺负。 
How Are you going to meet anyone in a dark movie theater?	怎么可以在一个漆黑的剧院里认识别人呢？
Your father has a small penis!	你父亲的老二很小！
The swindler took it on the lam and was never seen again.	那骗子溜之大吉，再没露过面。
So I cooked a turkey, in case people want to eat. 	所以我就准备了火鸡大餐，以防有人需要吃这个。 
She nerved herself to enter the dark room.	她鼓足勇气走进黑洞洞的房间。
Danny told me that you were married, and that she died in a car - accident. 	丹尼说你结过婚她死于一场车祸。 
But you just don't like her back? 	但是你又不喜欢她的那种感觉吗？ 
Don'tL have the right to make decisions formy son?	我该有权为他作主？
That's the end of your first half. The score: Cowboys 2 :1, giants nothing. 	半场时间到。比分：牧牛工2：1，牛仔队领先。 
Oh, could just be part of the general maneuvers. 	噢，正常行动而已。 
I heard you anyway. 	我听见你说的了。 
We've decorated the treetop. You're both my top guys! 	我们装饰好了树梢。你们都是我最棒的伙伴！ 
Why are you always at each other's throat?	你们为什么就知道在这里斗嘴啊？
Money can cure hunger, it cannot cure unhappiness.	金钱可以充饥，但不能解忧。
But what about all the secrets the book was said to contain?	但书上隐藏的奥秘呢？
I mean, it would be kind of nice 	我是说，能真的有个人陪在身边 
He called me. 	他当时给我打电话。 
Enemies. You got any? 	仇人。你们有什么仇人吗？ 
I could get it down if you like. 	你要是喜欢的话我可以把它取下来。 
What did I jt say?	我刚说了什么？
Hey, cool your ass, old man, before I... 	少给我来这套老头子趁我还没... 
I know. My whole life is here. 	我知道我的生活都在这。 
He's in Rome making his film 	他正在罗马拍自己的电影 
But in truth...	但，事实上...
To keep his internal organs from deteriorating,   	注射一种血清来防止他的内脏衰竭， 
I promise. And he's smart. 	我向你保证。他还很聪明呢。 
I feel strange if I drink. 	我喝酒就会变得很奇怪。 
Can I have a pony? - no. 	我要一匹小马，- 不行。 
Outside in ? 	从外面进来？ 
Bake for 6 to 8 minutes or until golden brown and crisp.	烘烤6-8分钟直至面皮酥脆、呈金棕色。
You're always singing, “a little bit more here, and more there!”	你总是说“这里再多点，那里再多点”
All point to the same conclusion: that mr cameron might have to retoxify the tory brand to save the economy.	众口一辞的结论是：卡梅伦可能需要再次丑化托利党的形象，才能拯救英国经济。
If they're so awesome, why Haven't I heard of them? 	如果她们真的那么厉害，为什么我没听说过她们？ 
It has to be drunk. 	得喝掉这些魔药。 
The atmosphere has worsened since the un's secretary-general, ban ki-moon, decided in march to appoint a panel of experts to look into alleged war crimes.	在联合国秘书长ban ki-moon决定三月份派遣一个专家组调查声称的战争罪行后，气氛变得更加糟糕。
That she's the one who killed the other nun? 	是她杀了另一个修女呢？ 
won't happen again, sir.	不会再发生了，长官。
One, two, three. Is the red light on?	一，二，三。红灯亮了？
Which at a rate of around 1.5 an hour, 	每小时下降1.5度， 
You're looking for a patient. 	你们该找的是病人。 
Consultants are generally over-priced and tell you things you could have figured out anyway.	咨询公司往往被高估，他们告诉你的结论很可能你已经想到过。
Because now they're taking technical skills 	因为他们将之前只用於木头及石头的技术性技巧 
You said you were gonna there for him, and you're gonna be there for him. 	你说你会陪在他身边的所以你得陪在他身边。 
Little bird, huh? 	离巢的小鸟？ 
Second Gate 	二林门 
It mightn't be a bad idea to say that at the start.	一开始就说出那件事，这可能不是个坏主意。
Why didn't you get an abortion? 	你干嘛不把我打掉？ 
Besides, I've only got so much room in my basement. 	况且我家的地下室里就这么点空间。 
Have been removed from the mountain with such accuracy 	是从山上运来的排放如此精准 
To transfer the crewmen, and the equipment 	把清单上的人员和设备 
Total blank here. Come on. 	完全想不起来。拜托。 
Early in my stay, I'd written and asked my father not to come.	早期，我写信请父亲不要来。
To talk to Brian before Tuesday, you're going to 	所以若你们想在星期二前跟他谈 
I knew Trina Marquez. She was, um...	我认识特琳娜·马奎兹。她以前是...
I'm skin and bones.	我只有皮和骨头。
I blew my stupid cheer leading tryout. 	拉拉队选拔赛被我搞砸了。 
We got a loving thing	我们有件美好的东西
In what will probably be the biggest ipo of the year on the european markets ( the new company will be listed in milan and madrid), enel will offer for sale around 30% of its renewables business on october 18th.	意大利国家电力将于10月18日出售大约30%的可再生能源业务，这也许是今年欧洲市场上金额最大的首次公开募股（新公司会在米兰和马德里上市）。
That you're not in this with me! 	你没有和我共同承担！ 
For huainan city a model for painting, marches into the personal status remarkable style life time.	给淮南一个范本，步入品位卓越的格调生活时代。
You know, your dad still signs off	你知道吗，你爸还是像往常一样
You're really weirding me out, eh? - I'm sorry, sir.	你真的让我感到很不自在知道吗？- 抱歉，教练。
Mm! Mmm! Oh. Good boy.	唔！好孩子。
Her murder was recorded during a live session, and distributed throughout the net. 	凶手当时被录了下来，有人在网上到处发。 
Read the text and mark all the past participles.	读课文并标出过去分词。
I'll run suicides too. 	我也会跑自杀。 
Where did you see this? 	你在哪儿见到的？ 
The Spanish for 'clown' 	在西班牙语里意为：“小丑” 
Go. Live your dream.	快走。实现你的梦想。
I don't know. You being married to the other twisted sister, I...	我不知道。你娶了古怪姐妹的另一个。
What, like when we were kids, huh? 	什么，就像小时候吗啊？ 
Things that go: when you put them out.	扑灭时发出" 嗞" 声的东西。
You look like Jabba the Hutt dying.	你看着像星球大战里那个垂死的赫特人贾巴。
Nice couple on the right.	右边那对儿不错。
I don't know. I think that's your area.	我不知道。这方面你最清楚。
Plus, now dad and I are both "working men". 	另外，现在我和父亲都是“工作的男人”。 
Weird fact: the telegraph plant is capable of rapid movement-even in the absence of wind.	怪异的事实:舞草能在没有风的状况下快速摇动。
And I ain't even got a cent, man. 	但我连一分钱都没做到。 
Comply with company ehs and other regulations.	遵守公司的ehs制度和其他规章。
Of course, they've been my neighbors about two years, now.	当然，两位与我为邻已有两年光阴了。
I am here for work. 	我来这里可是为了工作。 
Flock of frigging birds.	一群臭鸟。
Several hundred thousand 	几十万块钱呀 
This 100% non-smoking hotel also features a complimentary hot breakfast, outdoor seasonal swimming pool (not heated), exercise facility, business center and meeting facilities accommodating up to 50 guests. 	这家100%无烟酒店还提供热腾腾的免费早餐、室外季节性游泳池（非恒温）、健身设施、商务中心和可以容纳多达50位客人的会议设施。 
We really owe your brother a fruit basket. 	我们真的欠你弟弟一个果篮。 
Gunn sights: taking aim on selling in the high-stakes industry of international aerospace.	古娜透视：国际航空航天工业高风险的瞄准出售。
Now, which way is the grain? How did Wally read the break?	往哪边打怎样打？
As the runner moves, he or she has to push through the air.	运动员移动过程中，他/她一定是推着空气跑。
Paris fashion week runway reviews from lacroix to givenchy.	巴黎时装周从跑道评语拉克鲁瓦到纪梵希.
At almost the same time another video of a western man behaving badly came to light, this one on a train journey from shenyang to beijing.	几乎与此同时流入网络还有一个关于一西方男子行为不轨的视频，这次是发生在从沈阳到北京的火车上。
The giant chemical concern, hoechst.	庞大的赫希斯特化学制造公司。
Uh, Donna wanted to talk about the horrible thing. 	唐娜想聊聊那件可怕的事情。 
And according to the neighbors, she lives alone, she keeps to herself. 	据邻居们说，她一个人住总是独来独往。 
I love you both more than anything in the whole world. 	我爱你们俩胜过这世上的一切东西。 
Real estate agent turned kidnapper?	房产代理商成了绑架犯？
I know seeing the ghost of your Christmas future is tough. 	我知道圣诞节死人对你来说不好过。 
For the post-op 	把他扔回他家 
Lab result's get doctored. 	实验室结果被治疗。 
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.	不。我们谈的很投机。我以后不会再留恋酒吧。
They found the cancer cells of mother and baby carried the identical mutated cancer gene ( called bcr-abl1), but the infant had not inherited this gene.	他们发现母亲和婴儿的癌细胞携带有相同的突变癌基因（被称为bcr-abl1），但是婴儿并没有得到这种基因的遗传。
Traveling south through north america.	穿越北美继续南行。
All the royal cars are fitted with electronic homing devices.	所有的皇家轿车都装有电子自导引装置。
I did them.	我却去做。
We are the Union of divine. We are the Union of divine.	我们是神意的合集。我们是神意的合集。
When asked about lower price points, cook dodged the question.	当有人问到更低的产品价位时，库克避而不答。
He did this for me once. 	他也曾经这样握住我的手。 
I cannt stop my tears.	我止不住自己的眼泪。
One airline paid a fortune to get an all eight phone number.	一家航空公司耗了巨资才得到了全是8的电话号码。
I'm going to, I'm gonna get her some more. 	我去，去给她找点吃的来。 
Stay out here and watch the perimeter.	待在外边，守着警戒线。
No one likes to relearn something--like how to open a document or shut down a computer.	没人喜欢从头学新东西——比如怎么打开一个文档或关机。
He didn't come to Maria's funeral 	他没有参加玛莉亚的丧礼 
Well, it's a true story. 	是个真实的故事。 
You still don't wanna tell your gal? 	你还是不想你女朋友知道？ 
It's best not to make this any more difficult than it has to be. 	希望这次旅途没以前的困难。 
I don't have any toothbrush for you. 	我可没有多余的牙刷。 
Two twin bedded deluxe room offering a 36-inch high-definition LCD TV, digital clock, mini-bar, digital safe, tea & coffee maker, hairdryer, WiFi Internet access and multitude of other facilities. 	有两张小床的奢华客房配有一台36英寸高清液晶电视、数字钟、迷你吧、数字保险箱、沏茶机和咖啡机、吹风机、WiFi互联网接入和各种其他设施。 
Could be five minutes. Could also be 5,000 years.	可能要等五分钟。也有可能要五千年。
They may have originally been lateral outgrowths of the thorax becoming enlarged to serve as wings.or they may have been lateral outgrowths of the thorax that were originally used in gliding.	这些成为胸部侧面突出物的原基最初可能已经增大，起到翅的作用，或者他们最初可能是用来滑翔的。
If he could offer any proof that there is no Santa Claus.	是否能提供任何没有圣诞老人的证据。
I gave her the benefit of my vast knowledge and experience. 	我渊博的知识和经验让她有所收获。 
He had 10 seconds to figure out where to put the hole in your head. 	他有十秒钟的时间杀死你。 
But he told me over the phone - he told me in person. 	但是他打电话告诉我…他是亲口告诉我的。 
Of her being gone.	她的死亡带给他的快乐
The link appears to be centered somewhere.	它们的联系似乎都集中在。
The teacher told us ( that) nothing is difficult if you put your heart into it.	老师告诉我们世上无难事只怕有心人。
I saw someone following us. Nobody was following us.	我看到有人跟踪我们没人跟踪我们。
There's nothing like getting fired to get you uncomfortable enough to go out and live your dream.	没什么事比被人炒鱿鱼更能推动一个人自寻出路，追寻自己的梦想。
I'm not a surfer.	我不是个冲浪选手。
You didn't listen to me before.	你以前就没听过我。
What other job do you do in a trench?	你在沟里还能干些什么？
I didn't believe it either, but it's true. 	我也不相信，但是这是真的。 
Manage to sort it all out. Oh, no, I'm gonna sort it out. 	整理好东西我自己会整理。好的。 
Can they be our cadets?	会否是我们特警军校的人？
The colonel says that mr. clark can be his aide-de-camp.	上校说克拉克先生可以做他的副官。
They are pessimistic and resistant.	他们悲观厌世，顽固。
God. The things we do for the people we love. 	天啊。我们为自己爱的人做的一切。 
Isildur's heir?	伊塞德王的后裔？
You're the one with a little trouble. 	你要有麻烦了。 
The first thing that sprang into my mind is that visitors to those historic buildings can learn history in a vivid way rather than from a book.	所进入我脑海的而第一点是古建筑可以让访问它的人鲜明的学到历史而不是从书本上。
The legal implications are already clearly set out here. 	法律暗示在这里已经被清楚开始。 
50 cannons, 600 machine guns, 	损失大炮50，机关枪600， 
Your husband has taken the youngest son in search of water...	你丈夫带着小儿子去找水了…
You're a real open book. 	你还真是坦率。 
You just get to get up there and tell your story. 	你得自己陈述事情的经过 
B.you're to stay here til we return.	你得待在这里直到我们回来。
As for the workmanship, I did some of it myself.	至于做工，我自己也动了动手。
If that is your will, father.	听你的，父亲。
All right. We good? Yeah, we're good.	好。没事了？嗯没事了。
Long ago when I told you that I couldn't love anybody,	很久之前我说我再也不会爱上别人了，
This waiting for hour after hour,	一个钟头一个钟头的等待，
How close are you right now to your company's strategic center? "	如今，你离公司的战略核心还有多远？
As the story unfolded throughout the past week, I experienced the gamut of emotions: shock, anger, sadness, disgust, confusion.	上周随着故事情节的展开，我的心情可以说是跌宕起伏：从震惊、气愤、悲伤到憎恶与困惑。
The feeling in it slipping through my fingers all the time 	个中感受时光总是匆匆流逝 
You knew you had to stop her by any means necessary.	你知道你必须以任何必要的手段阻止她。
But I don't think I can take any more... Blessings. 	但是我不想要更多的... 礼物了。 
Not just in the mirror -  	只有在镜子里 -  
Export enterprises in danyang: the day of market reshuffle is coming.	丹阳出口企业：重新洗牌的日子终于来临。
I was throwing up horribly the last time. 	上一次我却吐个不停 
Has been, of course, some of the welfare programs have been successful. 	当然，有些福利政策是成功的。 
The empirical study of stock repurchase announcement effect.	库藏股宣告效果的实证研究。
Sorry.'grab Liz, go to the Winchester, 	抱歉了。接丽兹，去温彻斯特。 
As applicants fret over test scores, draft essays and seek letters of recommendation, what do schools really want to see?	就在申请者忙着为考试分数纠结，起草论述短文以及找人写推荐信之时，学校一方到底想看到些什么呢？
Hey, can't let it go to waste.	有人点的别浪费食物。
That was her lawyer. 	是她律师打来的。 
She mentioned that she lived there, that's all. 	她说起过她曾住那里，就这些。 
He's not as clean as that file suggests. 	他没有档案上写的那么清白啊 
Why? So I can get into sales?	为什么？这样我就能做生意了？
What, no fare - beating?	竟然没有拦路抢劫？
Oh, he runs like the North wind.	他跑起来风驰电掣的。
You just said I didn't have to. 	你刚才说我不用道歉的。 
In situations I'm going to be in.	做我该做的话。
I haven't played in ages. 	很多年没碰过了。 
Our relatives, my uncle and aunt, lived in la...	我叔叔和婶婶住在洛...
She warned and I nodded numbly.	她警告说，我点了点头麻木。
I'm Paulina, 	我是宝琳娜，  
Look, you don't have to be here. You should be at home, getting some rest.	听着，你没必要待在这。你该待在家里，多多休息。
We will punish those who cut corners during school building construction and will have zero tolerance for corruption and shoddy school projects.	我们会处罚在学校建设工作中偷工减料的人，对腐败现象和豆腐渣工程绝不姑息。
Still, intellectual property misappropriation cannot be a government policy goal, especially in a country the size of china, which can flood world markets with ill-begotten high-tech products.	但是，盗取知识产权不该是政府做的事情，尤其是对于号称大国崛起的中国，毕竟它的生产能力可以用这些山寨高科技产品横扫世界。
Knock off the shit! 	少跟我来这套！ 
We went about ten feet down.	我们挖了十尺深。
This is it,pally.	伙计，就是这里。
The girl from the reception desk only just stopped screaming 5 mins ago 	接待处的女孩五分制前刚止住惊叫 
You can only learn to live with this karma by changing your perspective on what it is and why it is happening.	你只能通过改变你的关于它是什么和为什么它在发生的看法来学习与此卡尔玛相处。
Living in urban areas has helped people develop an immunity to diseases, a study published today suggested.	今天公布的一项研究表明，住在城市地区，有助于人们增强对疾病的抵抗力。
Just tell the captain I'm gonna need to take the rest of the week off. 	告诉上尉我得再请一个星期的假。 
And let's rock the boat today. 	今天我们要把船闹翻。 
I'm making an apple head for Mary for when she gets out.	我削一个苹果头给玛丽等她出来。
More tests. 	又要做很多测试。 
Do not beat yourself up over this. 	别拿这件事不开心。 
But the others... - Oh, their gross, wormy	但是这些- 哦，它们小小的，圆圆的
Nice work, Gabe. 	干得好，格布。 
but she wasn't okay. 	但是她并不好。 
Okay, I'll take this all into consideration	好吧，我会仔细考虑的
I swear I'll kill you.	我发誓会宰了你。
I understand. The pills. 	我明白。是安眠药吧。 
He often sleeps with windows open.	他经常开着窗户睡觉。
Take your hands off my goat! And curb your wicked tongue!	别碰我的羊!收回你那些刻毒的话!
I'm leaving this house in five fucking seconds! 	我要在五秒钟内离开这里！ 
In a biological emergency, the bomb is activated automatically. 	在生物紧急情况下，炸弹被自动激活。 
A ride, with that boy from Madrid. 	是的，跟一个马德里来的男孩。 
And there she was, just walking alone, by herself. 	她在那，自己走，就一个人。 
Big Percy's got $800. Now who's gonna go $900? 	大个子波西出价八百美元。现在有人出九百美元吗？ 
No, I was reviewing her chart,	不是啦，我在核对她的表格，
And there we are, 	就一眼瞅到了我们， 
And they have to be grateful for anything they can get. 	所以不管得到什么他们都会感激不尽 
The killer is not a normal movie fanatic 	凶手不是一般疯狂影迷那么简单 
Think you've picked up anything based on eye contact? 	从眼神中觉察到什么蛛丝马迹没有？ 
Because her seeker is trapped here.	因为她的探索者被困在这里。
You don't have the authority to arrest me. 	你没有权力逮捕我。 
Astonishing how the courts dried off. 	很讶异球场是怎么弄干的。 
You'll have help in the bank. 	你在银行想办法求助。 
I'm heading home to take a nap. 	我正准备回家补个觉。 
I don't know. It was all in Spanish. It was - it was crazy.	我不清楚。他说的全是西班牙语。真是太疯狂了。
I - I can't imagine going from being a woman to being a mom. 	我无法想象由女人到母亲的过渡。 
I don't think that was an assumption. There was a study. 	我不认为那是假设。那是研究结果。 
She's built for all that graceful dance stuff. I'm just not!	她像是为那些优美动作而生的。而我不是！
So it never falls because it rotates... 	它永远不会掉下来因为它的运转速度… 
What will major cities like Tokyo,	像东京这样人口最多的大城市，
And I'm like thinking to myself, sweetness!	我的感觉就是太好玩了！
According to Friday, the savage,	据星期五所说，那个野人，
Than later on when we might need all hands in an emergency.	比以后我们需要更多人手的时候适应好。
Because an eye thing in front of one of our judges.	因为要在评委面前表现眼睛。
I'll never see him again. Yeah, you're probably right. 	我就再也见不到他了。是啊，你说的对。 
Speculators are pouring into the property markets in toronto and vancouver.	当前大量的投机商人正在涌入多伦多和温哥华的房地产市场。
On how to create your own carbon - based...	关于如何创造你自己的碳基...
Yeah, briefcase! Yes, it's a briefcase. 	是啊，公文包！是的，那是个公文包。 
I've been wrong for a long time.	一直以来我都在犯这个错误。
Yeah, no more splitting. 	别把裤子裂得更开了。 
I already said I hate begging. I hear ya.	我刚说过我讨厌乞求好。我听到了。
Just trying to keep it all together, really. 	只是想用积极的态度面对生活。 
Why a long face? Stepped on shit, or something? 	干吗拉长着脸？踩到大便了还是怎么的？ 
I know, but they're not in China. 	我知道，但他们并不在中国。 
He was protecting. 	他是在保护自己的性命。 
At stanford, average gpa crept higher to an astounding 3.73, highest of any u.s. business school and up from 3.69 last year.	在斯坦福大学，新生平均绩点从去年的3.69攀升至令人惊愕的3.73，为美国所有商学院的最高值。
Tonight might be a little tough.come on. The three of us?	今晚就走有点难来嘛！三口旅行？
I'll see you first. 	我先见你。 
Yes, I'd like to have some money for my great - grandchildren. 	孙儿也派遗了去工作。 
Yeah, they're all inside. 	嗯，他们都在里面。 
A mill to start with? 	先一百万怎么样？ 
The strength I gained from you is already fading.	刚刚获取的一点气力已经开始消退了。
I know this place can wear on you, but if you need to talk... 	我知道这地方很沉闷，但你如果需要找人说话... 
Yes, I did. No. 	是的，我知道了。不。 
Right, but that's not what l meant. L meant that... 	对但我不是这个意思。我的意思是说... 
How ya doin '? Okay. 	你好吗？还可以。 
The damage to the shellfish, in turn, slowed the recovery of otters, which feed on the mollusks.	一旦贝类遭到损害，便会减缓以贝类为食的海獭种群的恢复。
I said, it's going to be like Columbus and the Indians,	我说过，这肯定和哥伦布征服印第安人，
Look. I just got my wife back. I ain't gonna lose her again.	听着。我只想找回我的妻子。我不想再失去她。
When I called buck for advice on this,	当我打电话给巴克征询这个案子的时候，
Me says death's a result of the bullet wound to her head. 	上头说她死于子弹对头部造成的损伤。 
Am I a male? 	我是个男人吗？ 
I don't know what to think of these.	我不知道该怎么选
He's in charge of prison camps, 	他在管理战俘集中营， 
I mean, you were just keeping an eye on her. 	我是说，你一直在盯她的梢。 
Don't skip out. That's an order. I want to talk to you.	可别溜之大吉啊。我这是命令：我有话要跟你谈。
And if I'm ever rude to you again. I'll know you've gone back to normal.	我再对你粗鲁的话我就知道你正常了。
For us fellas, to teach us the old ways and that.	为我们小孩办的学校，教我们那些古老的传统。
For coming at me a little bit strong. 	你对我有点太凶了。 
In your vault tonight. We're only packing up half that.	今晚在你的拱顶。共有1亿6千万现金，我们只拿走一半。
A lady never tells.	女人从来不说。
I will make certain that Madame is well taken care of while you are gone.	我向你保证会好好照顾夫人直到你回来。
Hiring high-priced mba talent is not a priority for investment banks and consulting firms struggling to survive and stave off bankruptcy.	正竭力生存下去、避免破产的投行和咨询公司不再将招募高价的mba人才作为首要任务。
Be York the next that must be bankrupt so! 	愿约克也追随他同归毁灭！ 
And go out wearing the clothes of prostitutes 	穿着妓女的衣服 
Slippery sam putting on a tremendous effort.	飞毛腿山姆更使尽浑身解数。
He thinks I'm a major player in l. A.	他觉得我在洛杉矶也是个角色。
Hey, Sylvia? I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? 	嗨，西尔维亚？我不会伤害你，好吗？ 
The best mix they came up with was an alloy of gallium and indium.	他们发现最佳组合为镓和铟合金。
I have no lingering only would I want to go to the end of the tube to the cape.	我没有留恋仅管我会想去天崖想去海角。
That is the round they got cut last year.	因为去年我就在这一轮被淘汰。
I'll twist your head off like a hungry chimp with a spider monkey!	我把你头扭下来就好像饥饿的猩猩见到一只蜘蛛猴一样！
We get sucked into these stupid machines, see reality through them.	我们被困在这些愚蠢的机器里，透过他们去面对现实。
I'm an old cop. 	我是个老警察。 
Many policies pay out only after a period of weeks or months.	很多保单在几周或几个月后才得以赔付。
My daughter didn't need my wisdom; she wanted my approval.	我的女儿不需要我的智慧；她需要的只是我的认同。
Therefore we evangelize in season and out of season until the gospel is preached to the ends of the world.	因此，我们得不得时都要传福音，直到福音被传道地极为止。
We also will respond you as soon as possible and all your inquiry will be replied within 24 hours.	我们也会尽快回答您的问题，您的所有疑虑将会在24小时内得到答复。
27 A large monument depicting fighting horses stands in the main square in the kangbashi district of the town of ordos, located around 30 km south of the city of dongsheng in china's inner mongolia autonomous region, on may 11, 2011.	27位于内蒙古自治区东胜以南约30公里，一座巨大的描绘着战马英姿的纪念碑矗立在鄂尔多斯镇康巴什区的市广场中央。
Well, whatever happened to the "I will not interfere" thing? 	你说过“我不再干涉”，忘了吗？ 
That's really inappropriate. Yeah, I'm going to bed. 'night.	一点都不好笑。嗯，我睡了，晚安。
She was bored. She couldn't stand it. 	她感到很无聊。她根本忍受不了。 
You wanted to tussle. We tussled. 	你想干一场。我们来干。 
To go horseback riding with you on the beach... 	在沙滩与你一起骑马... 
Mr. cue doesn't seem fazed by the challenges ahead and has seemed upbeat about the future, said people who have spoken to him recently.	据最近和库伊沟通过的人说，未来的挑战并没有让库伊慌乱，看上去他对未来仍感到乐观。
He came. Yeah. 	他来了。是的。 
If I were you I would not sit there 	如果我是你，我不会坐在这里的 
Where are you now? I don't know where. I'm in my truck. 	你在哪儿？我也不知道。在我的车里。 
Stop it! You'll spoil everything!	住口！你不能把什么都泄露了！
Yes! I'm definitely interested. 	是啊！我绝对有兴趣。 
Had what problem. Perverse stimulate unapt cause menstruation to defer.	有什么问题了吧。剌激不至于引起月经推迟的。
I was your typical emergency room doctor until I got fired. 	我原本是个普通的急诊室医生 知道被炒鱿鱼。 
Anything on the murder weapon? 	凶器上有什么发现？ 
In dodger stadium in the middle of a game, right, 	头向前滑过去，撞上了二垒， 
I'm going to make sure that this is your last run.	我想确定这一次是你最后一次了。
When you encounter parentheses the direction should be reversed.	每当遇到圆括号时，就应该掉转阅读方向。
Mr. assad appeared to suggest he won't cooperate either way.	阿萨德似乎在暗示，他不会与任何一方合作。
Every year in may, as the church prepares for the annual festival of our lady of china when her image is paraded around the village, police set up checkpoints on the narrow roads leading to donglu to prevent non-locals from attending.	每年五月，教会都会积极筹备中国圣母节，届时，圣母像将在全村游行；这时，警方会在通往村子的狭窄道路上设置检查站，阻止非本村村民参加节日庆典。
There's another fellow asking for that land.	是这样，还有人也看上了那块地。
Some birds migrate to warmer countries in winter.	有些鸟会在冬天移栖到较温暖的地方。
Giving serious consideration - 	仔细考虑一下- 
Of anything that was fabricated or manipulated	任何虚假或受控制的东西
I couldn't pass by without saying thank you. 	我本来路过，但是一定要来说声谢谢。 
Feel warm and tingly inside, 	感到温暖和愉快， 
I once interned preschool classrooms observing the children.	我曾被关在幼儿园的教师里观察孩子们的行为。
Between good and evil has always been symbiotic.	总是有一种共生关系。
As the name of her one nation party suggests, it is anti-aborigines and anti-immigrants. In a country that practices parliamentary democracy, she is walking a political tightrope by openly advocating racism.	顾名思义，这是澳洲白人至上，反土著反移民，公然在一个实施民主议会制度的国家，明目张胆地鼓吹种族主义，走高度危险的政治钢索。
And help you answer my questions. 	帮助你们回答我的提问。 
My concern is, is that these guys over here.	我担心的是这里的伙计们。
Altogether, I think marriage is a bit of a mistake.	总的说来，我认为结婚多少是个错误。
5.00 mile(s) from Applebee's?, full service, American, open for: lunch, dinner. 	距 Chilis 5.00 英里，全套服务，美式风味，营业范围：午餐和晚餐； 
Your daughter will do well in the capital.	你的女儿在君临会过得很好。
He told me this is the fourth year he and his friends have come to see the orcas.	他告诉我这是他和朋友来此看虎鲸的第四年。
I thought he was this totally great guy. 	我本以为他是彻头彻尾的好人。 
What do you use it for then? I don't use it, period! 	后来你使用它做什么？我不使用它，时期！ 
Leaving'the spectator" new York's foremost scandal site. 	旁观者" 顺理成章变成纽约顶尖八卦网站。 
In many ways I was reluctant.	从很多方面说，我是优柔寡断的。
I didn't know what it was or why I was drawing it.	我不知道它是什么或者为什么画它。
Davis cup world tour tennis 2 roms.	戴维斯杯世界网球公开赛2代。
Wait. That's how babiesare born?	等等，小孩就是这样造出来的？
According to mr lo, possible listing destinations include london's aim, euronext, hong kong's gem and singapore.	罗康瑞表示，可能的上市地点包括伦敦的另类投资市场（aim）、泛欧交易所（euronext）、香港创业板市场（gem）和新加坡。
Well, she grew up with nothing.	她出身贫寒。
He would go in without anything prepared. 	他也能在毫无准备的情况下说话。 
So I want to direct a movie, super movie 	所以我想指导一个电影，超级电影 
Each two-pane set is fitted with a spacer that creates ample space between them.	每副双层窗户都用一个垫圈为两片玻璃之间创造出足够的空间。
Hey, guys, what's this? 	嘿，伙计们，瞧瞧这是什么？ 
No, l haven't yet, son. I've been preoccupied. 	不，还没有，儿子我有一些别的事情没处理完。 
Take it easy. You take it easy!	别激动。你别激动吧！
I always enjoy a good one. All right. 	我喜欢听好故事。好吧。 
I call it maize. 	我称之为玉蜀黍。 
No, it's one of the original water heaters	不，它是原装热水器的其中一个
Ms hughes says one reason she chose imd was that it was a one-year programme.	休斯表示，她之所以选择洛桑国际管理发展学院，原因之一在于这是一年制项目。
Is that them? I think so. 	是他们吗？我想是的。 
Okay, I want to know every confidant, every apartment address she ever visited or stayed, 	我要知道她的每一个朋友每一处她去过或住过的公寓地址， 
The case-shiller index posted a month-on-month increase in april for the first time since july 2010.	自2010年7月以来，4月凯斯席勒指数首次出现了环比上扬。
In the morning, we serve delicious hot waffles, tasty hot food, fresh fruit, juice, pastries and more. 	早上我们提供美味的热华夫饼、好吃的热食、新鲜水果、果汁、糕点等等。 
Well then, release the prisoner Casanova. 	好啊，那快把犯人卡萨诺瓦放了。 
Jack left the job after ten years because he was beginning to feel trapped.	杰克十年后离开了这份工作，因为他开始感到受到压抑。
Okay, so umm, what's your friend's name?	好的，对了，你朋友叫什么？
Momma says she doesn't know why I act different. 	我妈妈说，她不知道为什么我表现的跟别人不同。 
Were you laughing with me? Because I'm not laughing.	你想和我一起笑？我可没有笑。
T - bag - bone.	歪呀。
The hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma,	伯明翰接上了水管塞尔马建了桥，
I book women for boat shows and garden tool expos. 	我为船展和园林工具展签模特。 
I think I got a location on the kid.	我想我找到了那孩子的位置。
He was glad to have the clothes, for american styles were idolized in germany.	他拿到这些衣服心里感到高兴，因为在德国人们很崇拜美国式的服装。
What, you call to preach me about turning the other cheek now?	怎么，说通了那小子，又打算跟我布道了？
Well! Put the flowers over there. 	嗯！把花放那儿。 
Well, maybe one or two. 	再露几手吧。 
You dummy, did she ask you?	你这个呆瓜，她问你了吗？
Man,you got another ball! Should I play your game?	伙计，你更像个爷们儿了！我该学你吗？
She woke me up, you know?	你知道吗？她让我变得活泼而开朗？
Hurry. They'll be here soon. 	快点，他们马上就要来了。 
Let's get out of this madhouse. Whatever you say, baby.	离开这个怪异的地方。宝贝，任何地方都可以。
Fire aiarm on the eighth fIoor.	八楼有火警信号。
We'll find you other kibbutzes. 	我们会给你找到别的农场的。 
We kissed goodbye on the dock.	我们在码头吻别的。
L don't take off my panties.	作为承包商... 作为未来的模特.....
I have but four, she's not fourteen.	我四岁，她不是十四岁。
A lawyer with a crisis of conscience? You gotta be kidding. It's huge! 	律师的良心危机？热门话题。耶！ 
Not far from where we found him.	离发现他的地方不远。
...her long silken hair.	她那丝滑的长发
My approach uses long-term data for many countries and takes into account the historical linkages between depressions and stock-market crashes.	我的方法是运用多个国家的长期数据来研究萧条与股市崩溃的历史联系。
A new generation of conservatives, including rush limbaugh, have rallied to her cause.	包括拉什林堡在内的新一代的保守派支持了她的事业。
40.00 mile(s) from the Bradley International Airport 	距布拉德利国际机场 40.00 英里 
Shang's not an idiot!	怎会那么容易被干掉呢！
It's simply off the hizzy. 	很简单就可以不那样做。 
But I never encouraged it. 	但我可没招人家。 
Would you stop joking? 	别嬉皮笑脸了？ 
Thank you for your advice.	感谢你给的忠言。
We're going to walk to the elevator, 	我们一起走到电梯那儿去， 
Oh, we just got started.	噢，我们才开始。
I earned it. Half of it is mine. 	我自己赚钱一半是我的。 
How could l be so wrong?	我怎么会犯这样的错误？
I did everything possible to save him. 	我尽了我所能拯救他。 
I suppose there's a lesson to be learned there somewhere.	或许在其他课上大家也会学到关于无政府主义的内容。
It fiercely denies any such charge.	反对派对此类指控予以强烈否认。
don't you know a hero when you see one, huh?	你真是有眼不识泰山呀？
And I'm so damn scared.	我又是多么可悲。
Meanwhile, some of mr assad's opponents have been trying to assassinate senior members of the regime as well as shoot security men and pro-regime thugs.	同时，阿萨德的一些对手正在试图刺杀其政权的高级官员并枪击安保人员和亲政府暴力派。
Pour the vinegar into your spray bottle along with one cup of water.	把一杯水和醋混合倒进你的喷雾瓶中。
I shall no longer conceal the fact 	我不该再隐瞒事实 
Your vanity is even greater	你的自大简直比你那把剑还要长啊
You will field while Prem will bat. 	他投球你就防守。 
I feel like more things are coming to an end.	更多的感觉是什么事就要结束了。
But can she be seen from outer space? 	但她可以被外太空看到吗？ 
Be the next person voted off.	她会是下一个选出局的人。
Five days from now, the world will witness the vitality of american democracy.	五天之后，世界将见证美国民主政治的生命力。
Easy; we don't have any. I'm Episcopalian.	简单；咱啥都不信。我是圣公会教徒。
Although goods move freely in the eu, the service sector in many countries including germany could open up more.	虽然欧盟内部商品能自由流通，但很多国家（包括德国）的服务业还可以进一步开放。
Because, you know, usually I can, uh... 	因为一般我可以听到... 
Why don't you stop by the simulator after lunch today	不如午饭后你来演习车间
don't say such stupid things. 	别说蠢话。 
It is so sad to see you this way.	我同情你们的处境。
Will we have a4 million won slave tonight?	今晚我们会有一个4百万元的奴隶吗？
You insinuated ugliness - I did not. I did not.	你在讽刺他的丑- 我没有，我没有。
