A pair of red - crowned cranes have staked out their nesting territory
A pair of crows had come to nest on our roof as if they had come for Lhamo.
A couple of boys driving around in daddy's car.
A pair of nines? You pushed in with a pair of nines?
Fighting two against one is never ideal,
It's a neat one - two. Walker to Burton.
Deuces the winner.
Five on one. Five on one. Yeah, not the greatest odds.
An incredibly emotional fight between 2 sisters？
One against 500.
Pair of fives, the winner.
America's brother and sister darlings,
A couple, administering a lethal aphrodisiac to satisfy their desires.
A couple of what?
Couple of what? Who's buddy?
Couple of what, I don't know!
A couple? What the fuck does that mean?
Into a convincing married couple.
A bunch of fellas sitting in the middle of this field.
About this rich couple in this townhouse,
Couple of corn - fed, football loving Methodists.
A pair of Russian mortars, and the crates look like American rifles.
A pair of Russian mortars, NAND the crates look like American rifles.
Had an ass like two scoops of butter pecan ice cream.
The dynamic duo will seal the deal tonight.
Star - crossed lovers? Or better off just friends.
On the East side, a pseudo lesbian couple went to a Republican dinner.
The proof of a fake married couple
A pair of healthy kidneys in the open market's worth 50 grand.
Two lovers last seen with a dead husband?
A couple of fools on this one.
A couple of fools in over their heads who go around stealing magic.
Two fine young people starting out on the road of life.
For a successful relationship. I fear for you, child.
A couple, I think we should just back off.
A couple of fishermen found him washed up on the beach.
Ah! Couple of wusses.
A couple of kids' fishing poles.
A couple of coeds?
Of a brother and sister who.
Siblings. Adult siblings.
A brother and sister. When I search this vessel, I won't find them, will I?
A pair of brothers who have done bad things.
Amazing how a couple of cold - blooded murders can come between people.
And a couple who have decided to separate
A couple of tough monkeys.
A renowned synchronized swimming duo
A blue balls on the rocks.
It's a pair of compounds
For a single mother and daughter.
A binary star one blue, one yellow. lapis and gold.
A twin.
Twin girls.
Twin hooker alibis.
The twins played so nicely while they waited for their parents to get home.
40 - something roommates right now!
You got all them dimples.
Couple that couldn't be more mismatched. I'm gonna guess that this guy's loaded.
Identical twins.
A gay couple has complained
A gay dad wants to adopt a crack baby.
A couple who is willing to go along with an open adoption.
Pair of underachievers.
A pair of star - crossed lovers take their life,
And I got taken in by a lovely couple, no kids of their own.
A married couple who like puzzles.
Couple of drug - crazy maniacs.
Teenagers fornicating in a Liverpool basement.
A couple of dumpster divers. Dumpster divers.
A couple of dumpster divers.
Two members of a gene pair, when they segregate into the gametes,
Couple of nice, juicy, boars!
Here's the big two.
A couple of college kids that were out there on the water,
That man and woman so clearly made for each other,
A pair of wives?
Husband and wife.
Married couple, 74 and 77 years old.
And a couple really big ones.
I do it a couple times a year.
A couple of residents unaccounted for.
One couple had to put their Rottweiler down because
Couple of people? No, a couple of antelope.
So does a couple that wants a large family.
Male and female - male with a dislocated leg.
Gaby and Carlos discovered a secret.
A husband and wife were murdered at their home while they were sleeping.
Shot to death in their house.
Couples freely dance together under the apple tree of temptation and around a bagpipe
A couple lost their adult son
How a couple would begin to hate each other.
A couple? Like two people? Like one, two people?
A couple called 911. They found a body in the street.
A married couple was murdered last night.
A husband and wife team are through to the next round.
A couple is hardly allowed a moment alone together
You know, a couple was drowning.
A couple witnesses saw a tall white male get in a vehicle and leave the scene
Couple was bludgeoned to death. And we don't make you for it.
They found a couple burned in their home.
Couple was bludgeoned to death.
Married couple and I was.
A couple of folks got themselves murdered.
A couple of folks got themselves murdered. Cops always seem to start here first.
A couple that was going to go to Ibiza
One couple managed to screw on it.
Yeah. A couple, about our age.
Just a couple. So two?
A marriage was on the mend.
Couple.
Of two people who are husband and wife -
A man and a woman who don't share a bedroom
Every man and woman is allowed one child.
A couple are walking along your street
A couple was found shot in their car,
A dad and mom are expecting a baby.
Couple walking their baby heard it, but didn't see the assailant.
The couple paid by check.
Wow. Couples coming in to have their plastic surgery reversed.
A couple to adopt the baby.
A couple's son died in a crash,
A couple's son died in a crash, and they suspect
Nice couple.
A good bride and groom - that's it. You're done.
A brother and sister have survived an eventful year
A brother and sister lived here.
A coupIe of kids with not a care in the worId.
Twins, Max.
One couple is safe.
One is safe and one is in the bottom three.
The way that she would to a totally
Young couple comes home from the hospital
No kid looks good in a vest.
A pair of lovers working together is bad
Stolen clothing belonging to a couple of teenagers.
a young couple.
a young couple with a lack of family warmth.
Would offer up, in tribute, one young man and woman
A pair is enough.
Incredibly awkward friends.
There's a giant, upside down, twin tornado.
A teen couple, about 14 years old, about to get down.
A young couple was headed down this very stretch of the mother road
One courageous young man and woman
A young married couple is buried in the same coffin.
A loving young couple cleaved together in terror,
Two young man and a woman meet at a ball.
A young couple left to camp and fish in the river. Then they disappeared.
About a young couple
I mean, a happy couple visiting the museum.
A happy, loving couple came through here with superhuman powers and
Couple lucky fellows to have a girl like you next home.
One pair of elongated canines.
A couple on an ATV found the remains.
A party of bandits twenty strong came charging down from the ravine at full speed
A couple of hikers found him this morning.
The love of two true soul mates.
In five minutes for $49.95.
A couple from Wyoming.
A scorned spouse... Was it the wife?
A pair of freaks... Who's the other freak?
Couple of weirdos. Why?
About two young lovers running off to Paris.
Man and woman going for a walk and all that that entails. Piece of cake.
Two lovers.
That couple finding it on the beach
A coupIe embrace by the curb.
Yeah a couple was found dead
This girl and her boyfriend, they got jacked in central park?
A couple was found shot in their car, a woman was killed in a burglary.
Couple looks funny when the guy is shorter than the girl.
Two lovers, last seen with him.
As one couple enjoys an upswing.
A couple holding hands, an old man in a ball cap, and a blue car parked.
Couple comes by.
I see this couple approaching down the sidewalk.
A happy couple trying to adopt a 6 month - old from alfashir in Sudan.
A couple who wanted a kid.
One pair of Italian boots.
An unassuming couple became the latest media grabbing cases of penis?
Just a couple of grown, sexy ass roommates.
I sell them for 15 dollars a pair. You 'il double your money.
A pair of my earrings. Ooh.
A pair of galaxies twisted and torn by their gravitational dance.
Couple act Master and slave.
A gay couple?
It is these two fellas living in a flat, putting dreadful things in the fridge.
One enemy ship coming on the horizon!
A pair of pied kingfishers are trying to find
A couple getting married.
When a couple gets together, it's for 60 or 70 years
Some newlyweds was killed. Some more of it he said.
Couple of newbies?
A pair of new Jersey's finest walked on either side of us.
The helpless father - and - son team.
Grandparents who are so clueless, they didn't even realize their own kid was pregnant.
What have you found?
Formerly dating, from season three.
One couple was white, the other black.
A couple of rich jerks, they fly their private jet,
Where the rich black couple adopted the poor white trash kid,
Just a couple of teenagers alone with their genitals?
Couple of local thugs. Do practically anything for money.
A couple of murders?
Couple of sideshow acts.
Couple from Iowa, in town to see spider - man on Broadway,
A pair of luminaries.
A couple of gunslingers.
They went at it.
A honeymooning couple.
A normal couple.
A couple of hikers around 6:45 this morning 
An armed unit escorting a cash box of gold coins meets a Yankee ambush.
And a maternal match.
When someone tried to carjack them.
An anti-cyclone that's raged for centuries.
Together forever.
Couple of dogs with runny noses that nobody loves.
Couple dumb shows never hurt anybody.
A couple without children lacks binding ties.
Was a childless couple who supposedly saw her
Owned by a French couple.
Is some beady pair of eyes looking up at me while I'm trying to eat.
A father and son, both plasterers.
A father and son are sitting in a cafe,
A couple of beach bums, really.
Blonde - haired kid from two dark - haired parents.
A warm couple, a connected couple, two people in love.
It's a pair. Wow, good deal.
Couple of pretty ladies, both trained assassins.
Two beautiful sisters chasing the American dream.
Two beautiful children.
What about a nice pair of yellow - metal earrings?
Couple of animal rights activists... Who have a beef with beef.
A couple of lights and some chair fabric
Wholesome, spiritually wealthy couple have found true love with each other.
Damaged goods.
Life never seems as grim after a couple of fried eggs.
Pair of bear claws, please.
Set of Irish twins, set of actual twins
They were Irish twins. You know, just one grade apart.
Got a paternal match.
Before a father and a daughter turn up dead
Father and son. Son's on the way to the hospital.
A father and son were just abducted from a parking lot at gunpoint.
We were greeted by a father and son and taken inside their kitchen.
Father and son, two bricklayers, are sitting in a cafe arguing about a car,
Where two parents died of
Where two parents died of an apparent drug overdose
Where two parents died of an apparent drug overdose in front of their daughter.
One set of parents that were quoted here said,
A couple holding hands,
A couple holding hands, an old man in a ball cap,
A photo journey of a special couple on their special day.
Couple of Nu - nutty kids.
Cheating spouses,
An adulterous couple, you poisoned my brother
These fuckers don't get the phone.
Female announcer: a cunning couple robbed
Pair of kings, three of a kind wins.
My 2 Queens win.
Good - looking couple.
A couple of bad pennies.
Of two men who love each other,
A male and female.
A couple usually kisses.
A man and a woman came in looking for you.
Two people fell in love
When a guy and a girl really care about each other,
A man and a woman entered the shop and went crazy.
A man and a woman entered a home in west Virginia.
What a pair.
And then twins... Siamese twins? Siam.
As a pair, maybe three quarters?
Two lovers. Intimate, yet visceral.
A renowned synchronized swimming duo and sister neurotics
Another couple of fools.
A divorced couple who got stuck together during.
A couple of windows, but, uh,
A couple of windows, but, uh, you know, we got it under control, we're cleaning it all up.
Daft buggers. Buggers?
For screwed - up parents, right?
And a tight little pair of buns caught my eye.
A nervous young couple shared their first kiss as the radio played this song.
That had both marriage and divorce vows.
A couple of Jedi gone rogue or something?
For a couple from Alexandria, Virginia
American tourists buy them for paper knives.
An American couple has reported her 13 year - old daughter missing.
They're just a nice, happy, normal couple.
An older couple took her picture down
What could the old couple's safety deposit box have to do what's going on in that bank?
Sold me used sneakers.
An elderly couple found me on the outskirts of town and raised me.
Just three years ago.
Couple in their late 60s.
A pair of mice.
A couple of fat pervert losers.
A couple hikers called in about a light show.
A pair of renegade avatars? We'd be outcasts, always running, hiding.
A breeding pair.
Couple of Salamis, a few kielbasas, package of Franks.
Some heroes!
A pair of sapphire earrings. I cried for days.
Snake eyes that's not so good.
Couple of hive Harry s.let's have fun with them.
Two bees have a baby, they have a bee.
Where just yesterday, a naked couple was brutally murdered.
A nice naked hippie couple gave me some brownies.
Corneas can fetch $6,000 a pair.
A pair of di twins, his and hers.
Pair of goddamn elephants.
A couple of damn kids.
A couple fitting crystal hoyleand buck winters' description hung around till closing time.
Couple of sideshow acts. He was three foot six.
What a bunch of scumbags.
One team of you guys isn't enough?
With those eyes.
Even a couple of the neighbors tried helping me.
A pair of wild boys.
Two feuding brothers.
don't a man and a woman who are strangers
Pair of contact lenses. And fifteen quid.
Couple of Bonnie - and - Clyde types shot a casino employee upstairs.
A pair of snow leopards is stalking you,
As soon as couples arrive, they must stake a claim to a nesting patch.
A couple of good looking young fellas, a few beers.
A couple, real close. No reason to talk to her, she's not available.
A pair of top - of - the - line breast implants.
Matching throwing daggers.
Two birds have a baby, they have a bird.
Ah. Love.
Lovebirds fro lick in the water
An interracial couple.
In a 17.34 letter to British parliament.
A card sent from Sweden 18 years ago has just reached its destination.
One. Not one. I'll write to you now.
Written before my marriage.
No mail for nobody.
An exquisite letter, but... Very vague.
A letter from your bank giving me full ownership of this account.
Looks like one from your sister.
One that you wrote to Santa Claus when you were a little boy.
A letter that you're just crazy to get.
A letter for you, madam.
The kind you said you'd never received.
Without some sort of letter or a call or something.
A letter won't stop us from winning this war!
One for each day of silence
A letter ?- I did, and could you please tell him.
A letter for you, from Hungary
A letter? What's the song?
A letter? Why do you need it?
In her apartment with my name on it
A letter, couple of envelopes, some scraps of stuff?
One single letter proved to be enough to end the time of hunger and fear.
That letter brought me back to earth.
One letter made the difference in court.
A letter. The last letter her husband had sent her.
A letter. I suggest that on October 20th
A Ietter? Yes, have a nice day.
A letter? - yes, I want a letter signed by you.
'a letter' is better! Right.
A letter? Now?
The value of a letter,
Where a letter arrived, containing a very strange inquiry 
Where a letter arrived, containing a very strange inquiry.
A letter? From whom? - from the agronomist, who came to our clerk's wedding.
I can't tell you everything in a letter,
About the right age for the first intercourse.
A letter with your motivation,
A letter of luck.
One that was written but never sent?
An urgent registered letter?
With a cease - and - desist notice, which he didn't like so well.
A blackmail letter, a necklace made of teeth?
An anonymous tip warranted a dozen cops in body armor?
A good - bye letter.
So, a coded address in a prison letter that seems kind of chancy.
So, a letter written by the Christian coalition for bioethics,
A letter here from her sister Charlotte.
A Ietter to myseIf to be sent in a year.
A letter that miss have sham received 20 minutes before the wedding.
An e-mail infected with a worm that could bore
About the forced clean - out.
An obscene letter.
A terrible letter.
It's a love letter.
Letter of an impulsive, loving girl.
A letter of appreciation.
The kind I've been working on my whole life.
A letter I never sent.
A letter I rather resent
It's a complaint form, Larry.
A letter of recommendation to Yale on my behalf.
Okay, Clark, we've got a problem.
One to LAPD, one changing
One for my stepmother, two for my stepsisters.
One asking for a sponge bag, and the other sending for my lawyer.
It's an epistle. Non canonical.
It's an epistle. Non canonical.
A proper thank - you note.
An unsent letter
When a confidential note arrived for me.
A letter from the Hamilton middle
A postcard from my passionate, abandoned inamorata.
Letter of recommendation like that from a man like me... Done.
She had received a letter from Ireland that made her very happy.
An e-mail from an old acquaintance,
A letter from Chicago.
A dead letter lost at the post office.
Each one's stranger than the last.
A confidential letter from sardis was given to the Pope.
Which cannot be authenticated.
A glowing letter of recommendation
Forged an Emerson letter, and smuggled Egyptian artifacts.
A letter of recommendation from a science teacher
That's a telegram.
One little telegram bearing a few words of good news
An e-mail!
An email went to 178,000 people
A certified letter requesting
A letter is being written directly
A heartfelt letter?
A short one. What did it say?
A mysterious tree mail.
Personal letter of recommendation. I'll write it, you'll sign it.
A simple letter seems so pointless.
a simple letter seems so pointless.
An e-mail for pecker pills?
A letter to myself to be sent in a year.
One for you and one for him.
One to your daughter Sarah, one to Lucy
It's a letter to the king.
And one to father Nicholas at St Agnes
There's a message for Reverend Austen.
One to my parents, and one to the press.
A letter to a friend, say.
It's a commendation record. Yes, I can see that.
Letter regarding your positive experience of touch.
A voice - mail.
It's an invitation.
A word of caution.
Think a measly recommendation would've gotten me in?
One letter in all this time?
It's a letter to the king
An apology note, and a few snapshots of me in a bra.
An e-mail? An e-mail.
Two lines in an e-mail?
One fragment of one email,
I get no letters 
Because you didn't care.
A hearse has been seen near a blockade in the direction of 't Hollands DIEP.
A blackmail note, you know.
One shot kills thirst; two, worms; three, death.
General. Highness.
A 42 - pound Coronado.
One Buddha - check.
One terracotta figure has arrived with a little problem.
A loose cannon.
A statue that bleeds?
A miraculous statue, a holy relic from France.
A magnificent statue. Colorful, perfect for the altar.
A statue.
In front of a statue.
In bite sizes.
I'll be real quick. No.
By a small cluster of nerves,
A very little while?
Just a little while ago.
A little while ago a person who has been with me for years.
One second. Hopefully.
For a second? I dunno, maybe.
It won't take long.
Just a couple more seconds,
Eternity
Just take a minute.
One second. Wait. I 'II be right back!
2 seconds. Help yourself to some wine.
Just gonna need a minute.
It'll only take a minute.
How Iong is a little? And don't say two weeks again.
At first.
The smallest amount would trigger respiratory failure.
In small doses, it smoothes out wrinkles.
Little snip - snip ?
One bag of dope is aII we need. don't miss a spot!
Seven quid for the tiniest bag of sweets?
for one small mite，  one small mite.
A nibble's not enough.
Over a sip of water from a radioactive puddle,
A little mouthful. Well now,
One small bite to drag her down
A sip? Just a sip.
A little hit? 
How much for a sip? A sip?
It isn't gonna take time or no shit like that, right?
A sip of this will make you feel better.
A sip is all it takes.
One whiff of a barmaid's apron and you're singing like a sailor.
Little champers to take the edge off things.
a slight form of turbulence.
Smallish circle of everybody.
Just little pieces.
Little tiny pieces.
Little tiny pieces. Drop dead.
Little tiny pieces. Drop dead.
Even a single unaccounted for piece of the endoskeleton
A little bit of what?
A little chunk of history that they've forgotten to alter.
One piece of land to call
Into tiny little pieces and feed you to the animals in the Singapore zoo!
Nice patch of ice will take out a team, no problem.
A lump of methamphetamine? What?
One tiny fragment of an ice age giant
One peg of antimatter could power entire a city for a month.
Piece of land, access road,
A IittIe area?
Not even one little piece of trash.
Just a little piece of brains.
A little garlic some paprika
Little bit of lingerie. Nice.
One slip - you could spend the rest of your life
A small slice.
A little chocolate cake.
A piece of that broke off, went up the vein, through her heart and blocked the blood flow to her lungs.
A harmless pocket of blood,
A small piece... Please!
Shall in the general censure take corruption.
On a petite cut of beef.
A little piece of the moon was recreated on earth
A simple little skin tag, nothing to worry about.
A piece of skin.
A bit of the flank.
A little tiny piece of his brain. Seemed a waste.
A piece breaks off, travels to her lungs.
And, uh, a little slice of cheesecake. Uh, creme brulee.
A piece of cake isn't gonna hurt those.
A small blood clot lodged itself in an artery.
A chip of paint
A bone shaving.
It's jet black.
Little blobs of blood and muscle.
A few stacks of cash? Come on.
A slight resemblance, here.
Kid stole a pack of gum from a bodega?
Only a small percentage of subjects show the potential you've exhibited.
Tiny, little pictures of himself. Yes.
And a very short billiard cue, and a local radio weatherman.
How small are we talking?
That little smile.
A mere pinch kills the writhing slug
A small group.
Burning deaths in little Armenia.
A few people in their party
A strand of human hair discovered deep underground
A small clique of ambitious, dishonorable officers
That you pulled out of the hotel drain.
With just a pinch of grime 
A handful, perhaps, but not most.
A ruthless parcel
A ruthless parcel of careerists.
Pinch of H, heat the foil, inhale the fumes.
A little white sniff. That was awesome.
May have been still clinging on in Asia
It's a small group of hooligans who choose to vandalize public places,
A pinch of worm fat,
In small groups they branched out
A small, disciplined militia can not only hold out against a larger force but drive it back
A small band flee France, and wind up here.
1,000 for the hour.
108 miles per hour.
It's $10 an hour
10 an hour. Dish washing?
Ten bucks an hour.
Not even for $1.10 an hour?
And we're back,
$12 an hour.
$13.75 an hour, plus dental.
Instead of 13 bucks an hour, you want my career?
I get $15 an hour, and I expect to be paid at the conclusion of each day.
An hour and a quarter? Yes
200 bucks an hour.
Twenty dollars an hour?
$20. Well, what if it was?
20 bucks an hour. Take your pick.
How about $2.51 an hour?
For 2.50 pound an hour it's your money.
300 bucks an hour to send my best friend off in style.
Hey, three bucks an hour, thank you.
At $400 an hour,
$40 an hour.
Going 40 miles an hour.
One hour ,48 minutes.
At five bucks an hour.
On seven bucks an hour?
I'll give you seven bucks an hour, plus tips.
At $8.75 an hour and all those nice benefits
$8 an hour.
Eight bucks an hour.
When the hour is up,
An hour, day, week.
Oh, could be an hour. Could be a day. Could be several days.
Um, an hour, a day, a week?
An hour... An hour and 20 minutes ago.
I'm so concerned at 100 bucks an hour.
A hundred miles an hour, don't second - guess yourself.
Seven miIes an hour.
35 cent an hour.
An hour Less.
Within an hour, some big Russian named Ivan was at my door.
It's showing that his card was used
An hour. No ,50 minutes.
One hour or two?
One hour! Two hours. Not one.
Four inches of rain in under an hour.
Band will be here in an hour for a sound check.
They are evacuating within an hour.
In another hour, there will be a thousand people poking about in here.
An hour long you'll have to look.
You two idiots start a shift in less than an hour.
And your troops will hold their position until then?
You must copulate within the hour.
You want to ask me again in about an hour over a beer?
To meet in the war room in one hour.
Let's try in an hour， Okay.
Be back here in an hour. Go!
She'll be here within the hour.
She'll have the best doctors this side of Vienna helping within the hour.
We should have the results in about an hour.
He'll be completely invisible within an hour.
We should start making arrests within the hour.
They could be herein an hour.
We have to catch the bus in, like, an hour.
It should be en route within the hour.
You should have them within the hour.
Within an hour. Understand?
I'll call you in an hour.
Within the hour, I will tell the world
I'll have it within the hour.
I'll track them down in an hour.
I'll be gone in an hour.
In an hour or so, I'm gonna need.
I want that footage on my desk in an hour. I want statements from everyone.
I'll be here another hour dumping hard drives.
More than 100,000 votes in less than an hour.
I'll have your warrant in an hour.
Not worrying about anything
And have them assembled in one hour.
Hour ago.
But a blizzard just blew in about an hour ago.
About an hour ago, wits about him.
He was in his room an hour ago. No, I know that. I know that.
Weren't you in an oven an hour ago?
An hour ago, Clarence called me from new York.
She left an hour ago with Richard and an army of men
Last call was an hour ago.
Uh, about an hour ago, but you were asleep.
We took her off an hour ago.
An hour ago, I received word that the new beneficiary of my services
You know for an hour, I didn't know the Burgundy was my color.
Just one hour ago, as the markets were opening,
And exactly one hour later,
In about an hour from now
Within the hour, you will miss him and lose your bomb.
You have your interview with "rolling stone" in one hour.
You have lunch in an hour with people
You won't see again in a hour, maybe.
Come back in an hour.
Will reach you in the next hour. Out.
Then in one hour, the front door will open.
It took an hour for someone to finally notice
Just, can you check your e-mail in one hour?
Meet me in an hour. I pick the place.
I'll see you in about an hour. Love you. Okay.
Got a conference call with him in an hour
And I have to be at a wedding in one hour
In an hour, this place is going to be wheel to wheel bitches.
For an hour, even 20 minutes.
Hour, maybe longer.
One hour, two hours.
At pushing five figures an hour,
$5 an hour, $30 on the day.
For more than an hour,
An hour, or less.
And if you're not back in one hour.
They won't be here for another hour.
If you can get her here within the hour
I'll be there in an hour. You're coming here?
Violet won't be home for an hour.
The kidnapper's supposed to be in touch within the hour.
We may not have another chance like this, let's make it count
Within the hour. Call me when you do.
Within the hour. And then there 'll be updates every 30 minutes after that.
And I literally just woke up,
But he was due back an hour ago.
An hour ago, you we really into me, and now you can't get out fast enough.
Well, for started an hour ago, you say maybe we should kill someone and then someone gets killed.
An hour ago, sir.
Happened about an hour ago.
I finished an hour ago.
An hour ago, my life seemed to me in order,
Until about an hour ago.
An hour later a couple kids found the body.
An hour later, the director phoned me and put early retirement on the table.
An hour from now, there's gonna be a dozen guys sitting around a redwood table planning a kill.
And then I'll hear a plane land an hour later.
In an hours time I should resemble my fucking mother.
I was rescued in an hour.
In about an hour, I gotta go give 'em some blood or pee.
Have the report on my desk in an hour.
Fully kicked in... - your honor?
So plan on meeting me in an hour?.
We reconvene in an hour. Still deliberating?
And officers drew it again at the station
What does "an hour ago" smell like, 
An hour can seem an eternity.
Within the hour.
Within an hour.
Oh, don't take two of those in under an hour
To make an exchange in an hour.
In the one hour it takes them to revolutionize their security system
He's being released into witness protection within the hour.
He'll be here in an hour.
They seal shut in just under an hour.
A rescue operation is to begin within the hour.
To an escort car in 60 minutes from now. Now can you handle it.
We'll know more in an hour.
I'll have a car here within an hour.
There 'll be a special briefing for both of you in about an hour.
Within an hour all bets will be off on you!
You might see again in an hour. Maybe.
In an hour, you're going to kill me.
You have a doctor's appointment in an hour.
Within an hour, I'll have you hounded by reporters.
You'll have it within the hour.
You should have it in about an hour.
And you should be able to cut yourself free in about an hour.
Not in an hour and not with your authority.
They were gone in an hour.
We'll wheels up within the hour.
Plane leaves in an hour. Jonas and Charlie are already down there.
We'll be on the road in an hour.
Be there in one hour!
An hour. OK, brilliant.
I need you there in an hour. Do you have a blue suit?
Get it on the air in the next hour. You got it.
Be at Santa Monica airport in an hour.
Check the drop in an hour
If he doesn't hear from me within the next hour,
Hour earliest.
In one hour. Where is graves?
Come back in one hour.
Be back in one hour. And call me as soon as the deal is done.
Meet me in the office in an hour.
In one hour comes the sun.
In an hour? All right.
Should be here within the hour.
We should have the kidnappers' names within the hour.
And I could be there in an hour. - put your hand over the phone.
They can be deployed within the hour.
They can be deployed within the hour. That won't be necessary.
We should be able to make it to the village in an hour.
We'll be rehearsing in an hour.
He'll have a thousand dates in an hour.
We'll have the identity of the boy in the tree within the hour.
You meet me there in one hour with my 10 grand, or you're dead meat.
To take us to Miami in an hour.
Should be there in about an hour,
I want tact ops on site within the hour.
Phone lines will be flooded within the hour.
The chancellor's unreachable for another hour.
We're on target to release the bio weapon.
We'll know for sure in an hour.
We'll have the Capitol of San gala secured within the hour.
So meet me at the motel in an hour?
We'll be landing in Jakarta in just under an hour.
We launch in less than an hour.
We'll have him whitewashed within the hour.
In the next hour, our constituent assembly will vote on the issue,
And I'll be back in an hour with another update.
Within the hour, I will tell the world what happened today.
L'll get you that list within the hour.
I'll bill you for an hour.
I'll have my helicopter ready for you in one hour.
And in about an hour. I 'II have absoIutely think that no friends Ieft.
That the poison would kill me within the hour,
And I'll be there within the Hour
I am returning to Vulcan within the hour.
I am returning to Vulcan within the hour.
Gotta catch a flight for DC in an hour.
I'm resigning in an hour,
I'll have her by the victory column in one hour.
I can have 1 5,000 peopIe here in an hour,
In one hour the war.
In one hour the war ends. Let's get out of here.
And within an hour, all the injured animals.
I want that report on my desk in one hour.
Better get one in about an hour, or you're gonna lose him.
Took our brain boys all of an hour to track it right back here.
Within the hour, the governor has called in all sources for a manhunt.
The eclipse will happen within the hour.
Within one hour, you'll each have 20 dates.
I think someone's meeting at South station to make an exchange in an hour.
I 'II have something in Iess than an hour.
So 88 buses run back and forth
My place in one hour.
Painter's due in an hour.
The rods should be arriving to you within the hour.
That's the third time in an hour.
I'll give you my answer in an hour.
I want both men in my possession within the hour.
You can buy me a sandwich in an hour.
Call me within the hour.
Yeah, get back to me within the hour, and I will hold the story.
You do it in an hour? Half that.
At Washington central station within the hour.
We got court in one hour, so let's go.
You have to kiss as many boys as you can inside an hour. It's hazing.
Within the hour to explain the reasons for her actions.
Get the device operational within one hour or I will kill him
In the hour, mind, or lose it.
Please be at my chambers in an hour.
Hundreds and fifty in an hour.
To fall in love with you in the next hour.
I need you there in one hour.
We Chow in an hour.
A small hole developing in the storm front within the hour.
One an hour until somebody talks.
Just landed at J. F. K. An hour ago.
The hour's up.
And like an hour ago,
Didn't you hear me working outside?
He met me out back.
Like an hour ago.
Young Indian girl just jumped onto the third rail of the subway tracks an hour ago.
Well, a publishing house literally exploded about an hour ago.
Helicopter with medical took off from company headquarters in Les Angels one hour ago.
Bunch of zebras closed down the thruway about an hour ago.
I got it at the deli after class about an hour ago.
They should have left shift an hour ago.
Bought my plane ticket an hour ago.
The evacuation was, like, an hour ago.
They dropped the charges against you about an hour ago.
They let my mom go an hour ago.
They dropped the charges against you about an hour ago.
They were regular prisoners an hour ago.
They're backed up over an hour because of the blizzard.
All of whom have been targeted in the last hour.
He's just fired his sixth attorney an hour ago
An hour ago, he loaded up with another shipment
He cut a deal about an hour ago.
He called about an hour ago.
He and a Chinese delegation
An hour ago, he's sunbathing up there on the poop deck.
He called one hour ago.
An hour ago, he loaded up with another shipment bound for Texas.
An hour ago, he was out there, alive.
Up until an hour ago, he was the office weirdo.
He was backing me up an hour ago.
Well, he was at my apartment building less than an hour ago.
I saw him alive less than an hour ago. How in the hell did you boys get here so fast?
There was an attack on the residence about an hour ago.
Fresno p. D. Sent over their files about an hour ago.
You and Blackwood laid the final touches to your ceremony.
You said that like an hour ago.
Hey, you saw her like an hour ago.
You're an hour out with the timing of giving your notes.
You had a milk shake an hour ago.
An hour ago you told me he assaulted CTU personnel
Where were you an hour ago?
I thought you were asleep an hour ago.
Could asked me that an hour ago.
You were almost dead an hour ago.
You didn't just as the wolf about an hour ago?
Your father passed away an hour ago.
You promised me a smoke like an hour ago.
An hour ago, your little thug friend here
Where was your mark an hour ago?
Tomcats were scrambled out of Bagram
Busted in here an hour ago.
Oh, she was released from the hospital about an hour ago.
I did the checklist an hour ago. Perfect score.
Pronounced an hour ago.
The herald just finished it about an hour ago.
Got the call about an hour ago.
I have met him an hour ago.
Headed North about an hour ago.
It was posted on the Internet an hour ago on a popular notice board.
Was alone in the vehicle when this accident happened just an hour ago.
About an hour ago and is still feeling pretty good?
One number in her call history comes up several times in the last hour.
Let's rewind to an hour ago, when we drove ourselves here.
The violence that has rocked the city tonight
Had a little drink about an hour ago
I had a little drink about an hour ago
I had a little drink about a hour ago. And it's gone right to my head
I had a d. U. I. Out on highway 2 about an hour ago.
An hour ago, there was a shootout;
Like, an hour ago? At the library.
Not one hour from this very door we were accosted by.
An hour ago Monica Davis was the intended target
Outside Memphis hours ago.
Since about an hour ago when the earth opened up and tried to swallow Los Angeles whole.
Bout an hour ago, boss got this.
Well, she wasn't an hour ago.
It was hard to watch an hour ago.
Or an hour ago when she almost died on your watch?
She cleaned out the entire account an hour ago.
She came to see me about an hour ago, signed over everything .
She saw Andie and Charlie
It was working an hour ago. We'll get it again.
Had this fixed an hour ago. I'm just double - checking the riggings.
It's been off for over an hour.
An hour ago. and?
Had mine an hour ago. Hour ago, huh?
Ready an hour ago.
It started an hour ago.
School started almost an hour ago.
Was assassinated a little more than an hour ago.
Finished her sweep about an hour ago.
They ended an hour ago. Now shut the hell up!
Called him an hour ago. No answer.
It should been there an hour ago.
They were supposed to be here an hour ago. Did they get caught?
It should been there an hour ago. They're ready. Get it to them.
For the last hour, but he has not shown up.
That was supposed to land an hour ago.
Should been in an o. R. An hour ago.
It was posted all over the school an hour ago.
The governor signed the death warrant an hour ago.
An hour ago, the man on your tablets
An hour ago, the man on your tablets was found wandering the streets of Baltimore before he collapsed.
Did manage to, uh, hook a good - sized trout about an hour ago.
I paid these people 50 bucks to leave here an hour ago.
We ate an hour ago.
We only found some of you an hour ago.
Just like the one we found in Benjamin Raspail's head an hour ago
We put them down like an hour ago.
About an hour ago. We got to get moving.
An hour ago, echelon intercepted a call Dean placed to Laurent Moreau,
We didn't get out until about an hour ago.
We cut the water off about an hour ago.
Last call came in an hour ago, and the man on the end said
It's be about one hour since the call came in.
I thought we were eating dinner an hour ago.
We looked here an hour ago.
All right, we've been here about an hour.
We contacted the mother about an hour ago, and she refused to come down.
Whatever retaliation
I - I just woke up an hour ago in my car in the alley.
I ran that scenario for agent Lee an hour ago.
I just put him in a van to county an hour ago. - really?
L got the call about an hour ago.
I just ended a five - month relationship an hour ago.
I just awaken an hour ago.
I spoke to the state department an hour ago.
I got through to my cousin in Memphis an hour ago.
I talked to Jack an hour ago. He said 
I had a little drink about an hour ago and it's gone right to my head 
An hour ago I was here asleep,
I buried your wife an hour ago.
I ordered a state of emergency an hour ago.
The van closed an hour ago.
I'd just been at his door an hour ago.
I suggested changing the menu an hour ago
Technically so I could give you a tour an hour ago.
I just went to the store for you an hour ago. Can n't it wait?
I took one in your driveway half an hour ago.
I dropped Henry at your office an hour ago.
You know, I called you an hour ago. B. T. W., you're late.
I phoned that shop over an hour ago.
An hour ago I released a Silurian scorpion into a well - known holiday resort.
I mean, I get a call an hour ago from somebody telling me
I got a call from the bank about an hour ago.
I delivered that one an hour ago.
An hour ago, when I offered to buy you that glass of wine,
An hour ago, I received word that the new beneficiary of my services is supposed to be this girl right here.
An hour ago I released a Silurian scorpion into a well - known holiday resort.
And hour ago I resigned as state's attorney of cook county.
How lovely to see you back in Switzerland so soon.
I figured that when I saw the Amanda in her slip
I saw them walking around with trays an hour ago.
An hour ago, a man I've known my whole life vanished
And hour ago I resigned
I needed you an hour ago, and as usual, you were nowhere.
Found him less than an hour ago.
Was boning your cousin in dad's study not one hour ago.
Phoned it in about an hour ago.
Anton Briggs' photo hit the media an hour ago.
So an anonymous call came into metro about an hour ago.
This fax arrived an hour ago.
Down from 102 a couple of minutes ago,
Outside of Manhattan about an hour ago.
And two phones with sequential serial numbers were activated an hour ago.
Woman found him over an hour ago.
Your husband was spotted at a convenience store not far from here about an hour ago.
I mean, I get a call an hour ago from somebody telling me that
Somebody posted this an hour ago.
The mantee’s car was seen an hour ago headed west.
The resident was here an hour ago, but I can't reach him now.
Did they bring someone named Steve here, about an hour ago?
A police cruiser rolled through about an hour ago.
She was here an hour ago.
Hadn't even happened yet an hour ago,
We didn't eat nachos an hour ago.
Taken less than an hour ago.
About an hour ago. It should be working by now.
I reported low about an hour ago. Where's the fuel truck?
From an hour ago.
Hours ago, the first target was struck,
Which was hit by a plane and racked by an explosion
Passed it about an hour ago.
E-mailed it to me about an hour ago.
An hour ago. It should be working by now.
About an hour ago, the bridge controls started going crazy.
Blood work came in an hour ago.
An hour ago a canvassing crew found a news vendor
Confessed an hour ago.
I just saw him at practice an hour ago. He was fine.
About an hour ago, the van left the highway.
Spoke with Fay an hour ago.
Onto the third rail of the subway tracks an hour ago.
It's a lot mellower than it was about an hour ago.
Last destination programmed into the vehicle an hour ago.
An hour ago so secure.
Emptied your bank account an hour ago.
We passed jerky about an hour ago.
The place was in the hands of the police until an hour ago,
It was sitting on your porch in the snow up until an hour ago.
An hour ago, the shirt was horrible.
We called her in an hour ago, she should have been here by now.
The time to be quiet was about an hour ago.
Did manage to, 
As of an hour ago, it's gone.
He fell into a coma an hour ago.
Yahoo reporter Marina an hour ago
The first dignitaries started to arrive about an hour ago,
One hundred and eighteen minutes to get a little hemorrhoid 16 blocks.
1 hour and 10 minutes.
An hour ten?
Hour and ten minutes of unmitigated torture.
$10 an hour.
Gonna pick you up in front of Jack Dempsey's joint.
An hour there, an hour back.
To break into his house and get my card. How?
Every hour, on the hour,
Hour after hour with nothing happening and nothing turning up.
Try again in an hour.
Only goes 22 miles an hour, so I better get going.
An hour from now,
An hour, then.
Per hour?
In an hour, there's a forecast wormhole opening. Three - minute window.
It's going down, one hour.
I'll be on the floor in an hour.
Pronounced an hour later at Hopkins,
Departing out of s. F. A. In an hour.
An hour later, from the Beethoven hall
In an hour from now they'll shoot us.
They're gonna forget the whole thing in an hour.
They'll be down here in an hour. Now we have one option.
From that point forth, their odds of survival greatly decrease.
And an hour later, they bring down a key.
After just an hour, they were feeling confident.
Hour later, they resigned.
He's expecting a meeting at Dublin oaks in an hour.
He's having dinner with a buyer on ocean drive in an hour.
He's gonna be hungry again in an hour.
After half an hour, he looked like a white.
An hour later, the kid wasn't even moaning.
He'll wake up in an hour.
An hour after that, he comes out by himself,
He's supposed to pitch the campaign in an hour.
To our embassy in an hour.
This one's gonna hit new York inside an hour.
What's going down in an hour?
We've got more cops arriving
We're doing media in an hour.
This story will be on the news in an hour.
An off the books raid goes down in an hour.
F you don't come back,
In an hour, you'll find that this never happened.
In an hour, you'll be in more pain
In an hour, you'll be in more pain than you could possibly imagine.
You meet me here in an hour.
We're shooting the TV spots in an hour. You should change.
You have rounds in an hour.
An hour later you wanna do it again.
You got a sports illustrated shoot in an hour.
An hour you'll have to walk my promise is not idle talk,
I want everyone in the conference room in an hour.
Full news again in one hour with me,
Man: come back in an hour.
We'll get her moved to her room in about an hour.
We'll pick this up in an hour.
We can call the supervisor in an hour or so. What do you think?
Call you in an hour. I think we're getting close.
I'm calling you in an hour,
Call me back in an hour, I'll have a number for you of some kind.
Come back in an hour. We're closed.
Take a look at where we stand an hour from now.
Call you in an hour. Steve.
I'll see you in an hour or so.
We'll try this again in an hour.
Ask me in an hour.
And I leave in an hour.
Okay, I'm about an hour from there.
Say an hour?
Come down in the back and let me in in about an hour
I'll be home in an hour.
I'll be over there in about an hour. I'm gonna grab some supper.
Meet me at the carousel one hour. You won't regret it.
Meet me upstairs in an hour.
Out of the gutter for about a second?
Just meet me in the rectory in an hour.
I'll be there in an hour.
One hour, then we move!
We've got one hour to wrap this up. Let's move.
I can be at your hotel in about an hour.
At the morgue in an hour.
I want to see you in my bunker, one hour
Pick you up in an hour?
Then make up an hour later on the met steps.
At the end of the hour only five will row main.
You send the client round in an hour.
Wake me in an hour.
I called an emergency meeting in an hour.
Report to me on their condition, in an hour.
Report to me on their condition in an hour,
Report back to me in an hour.
Debrief in one hour.
In an hour with the location.
Meet you there in an hour?
Meet me there in about an hour?
An hour from now, I'm just a guy who sends you mean spirited Christmas cards.
We'll meet at the diner in an hour, and we'll move out from there.
We're gonna have to leave in about an hour to beat the downtown traffic.
In an hour? Mm - hmm.
Home in an hour. Okay?
Back at my office in an hour.
Back in one hour!
Be back in an hour.
Will be back in 1 hour
Okay, back in an hour. Lunch.
Come back for this here in an hour.
Back in an hour or so, OK? Yeah.
Be back in an hour. Enjoy.
Be back in an hour. Hey. Be careful.
An hour later. That's not enough time.
You think we can leave in about an hour?
Let's meet back here in an hour. Any questions?
And an hour later, Santiago's dead.
In one hour, you will stand beside me in the Council chamber,
In front of your office. One hour.
After an hour on the highway,
In chambers in one hour. Understood?
I'll meet you in an hour at the Harriet lane wards.
I'll meet you at blacks beach in an hour.
Meet me at the end of the boardwalk in one hour.
Okay, we have a tactical rescue of the professor scheduled in an hour in Bali.
Be at the blind Institute in one hour.
Meet me in my place in an hour.
You'll meet me at the boardwalk in one hour.
Meet me at the French place in an hour.
There's an energy conference at the panda Bay hotel in about an hour.
Meet you in the prison in one hour.
Outside the repair shop in one hour. You be there,
Meet us at the rendezvous point in an hour.
Union station in an hour, main entrance.
Union station in an hour, main entrance.
Meet back here in an hour? Done.
We're gonna meet 'em in one hour at the DeVos agency.
I'll meet you there in an hour.
In an hour I'll meet you there.
Meet me at the loft in an hour.
Meet at the food court in an hour.
Meet at the food court in an hour. I want  taIk to my son.
It's dark in an hour.
An hour Iater, the snow reaIIy started to faII.
She'll be at my place in about an hour.
She'll be in the PACU for about an hour.
She spiked her fever an hour later.
Right, and she showed up an hour later at the taxes and trade banquet.
After 1 hour, we still can do nothing
And the press is gonna be here in about an hour.
In one hour it will initiate a massive nuclear attack on its enemy.
In one hour, it would initiate a massive nuclear attack against its enemy.
Curfew is one hour away.
Uh, can you meet me at the house in an hour?
And it will detonate in one hour.
This house will be filled with six - year - old in one hour.
Another hour, she `d be well into the change.
It should be fine in an hour.
Power runs down after an hour. The battery life's bollocks.
We attack in one hour! We'll throw everything we got at 'em.
We should reach the border in about an hour.
Dinner is in an hour. You know the rules.
I'll be back in an hour. I promise.
It will be gone in about an hour. Will you shut the fuck up?
In you have a book signing in an hour.
We're one hour away from the rest of our lives.
I'll hear if he gets it within the hour.
He's going into surgery in an hour.
The polls will be open in one hour,
Our flight's in an hour.
I'll see you in vice in an hour.
With half a million dollars in cash in an hour.
The contest commences in one hour.
They'll kill more in an hour. That's the limit. They want you to know.
Okay, we're due back in an hour.
I'm due in court in an hour. An hour!
Then dumps her out of a car an hour later, which does kill her.
Dinner is in exactly one hour. Don't be late.
Th the president's wheels - up in an hour.
One hour or a hostage.
One hour or I kill a hostage. Follow these instructions.
So I'm gonna be back from my lesson in an hour,
And we'll let you know what we decide in about an hour.
So we'll be back in an hour to continue the ceremony.
We reconvene, one hour. Conference room.
In an hour, we'll be below zero.
We've got a show in an hour.
An hour later and our watch would have been over.
After an hour we reached the third hole
We have to be at the church in an hour.
We have dinner in an hour with the pierots.
We're meeting at the airport in an hour.
We got a plane in an hour. All right.
Another hour yet, and then I'm yours.
I can be there in an hour.
And I'll check back with you in about an hour.
So that when I lead a police raid in about an hour, I'll find it.
I 'II ask a driver to take you to the airport in one hour.
I have a seal team an hour out.
In an hour I will phone you with the girl's location.
My whole family's gonna be here in an hour.
I'll check back in an hour.
I'll report in an hour.
I'll come back in an hour.
In about an hour I gotta go over to my kid's school 
I'll grab you in an hour.
So an hour later, I find myself in a whorehouse in Chelsea.
So an hour Iater, I find myseIf in a whorehouse in cheisea.
I'll wake you in an hour. Okay.
I'll be back in an hour for a progress report,
An hour later I find this on my desk.
An hour later I'm sitting in the bar with a white Russian in my hand.
An hour later, my Arabian nights fantasy.
After the first hour, I just completely.
I'll make bail in an hour.
I'm leaving on a plane to Los Angeles with my family in an hour.
My flight leaves in an hour.
An hour later, I had solved the unsolvable friendship Equatlon.
After the first hour, I started to see colors, and then I saw the face of a lion.
I have a major IPO closing in an hour, so.
About an hour later, I picked that up 
An hour later, l had almost got it straight.
You'll have them both back in an hour.
I'll pick you up at in an hour.
`"l `ll have something for you in an hour."`
An hour later, my boy's ass is glued to the toilet stool.
My secretary will call on you within an hour.
The limo's taking me back in an hour.
I've got a meeting in an hour at the club.
I gotta pick up my daughter from ballet in an hour.
I need ideas in an hour.
And you're going downtown my office, one hour.
OK, I've only got about an hour before my next job.
An hour Iater, I had somehow ended up on Enid's date.
I got a strike force interview in an hour,
I've got dental anatomy in an hour.
There's a $100 buy - in at commerce in an hour, and I'd really like to be there.
Streets prohibited to non-permits in one hour,
In one hour, maybe two. Consider that he wants to talk with him alone.
The surgery will take about an hour.
And checked back in an hour later.
I need your report on my desk in an hour,
One hour from now. Come on, say yes.
Remind me to try again in an hour.
Just check your e-mail in one hour.
Dinner's in an hour.
An hour later, Mandy was dead.
This house will be filled with six - year - old in one hour. We need electricity.
All right, I got a press conference in an hour,
A plane leaves for Miami in an hour.
That robot takes over the pharmacy in an hour,
You be in my office in one hour, and be nervous.
Check for a rash in an hour or so.
About an hour later, with the game nearly over,
At a community meeting in an hour.
Flight's in an hour. I gotta go.
An hour later, and it looks as though Jeremy might have had a point.
Plane's in an hour.
Let's meet back here in an hour, and keep your phones close.
Yeah, get back to me within the hour, and I will hold the story.
I'll have it to you in an hour.
I'll have an answer for you in an hour. Thanks.
I need new books in an hour.
O.K. Iocation green, one hour.
And a few hours later the us is nuking the joint?
I'll meet you in the same place in an hour.
Call you in an hour, buddy.
Hour before the dance, the setup Committee goes home to get ready.
Meet back at the camp in one hour.
In one hour. Let's go.
Meet me on the corner in an hour.
And after an hour, it was time to perform for the judges.
Yeah, we're meeting in an hour about the settlement. Have you decided?
And I'll see in an hour.
Shall we say an hour?
See you in an hour. Why do you want to meet there?
Rick: call you in an hour, buddy.
We'll find out in an hour.
At the shop in an hour. Later.
Meet me in an hour at the cafe Diplomatico.
I'll meet you in an hour?
We meet in one hour. I'll text you the location.
Well, see you in an hour. I got to go do some business behind that tree.
See you in an hour. Wear a shirt.
More on this and other news at the top of the hour.
Left an hour later.
We're flying in an hour,
Wheels up in an hour.
We'll meet you in an hour.
Meet me in exactly one hour.
Be here within an hour, and come alone.
There's an bus in an hour.
To rob the same bank an hour later?
If we're not back in an hour, then come after us.
I'll give it to you back in an hour.
I have a haircut coming up in about an hour, so.
See you here in an hour
We'll meet you right back here in an hour.
Meet me there in an hour.
One hostage in one hour.
CSI arrived an hour later, excavated the body
One hour to get in position.
Harry: the rain will stop in the next hour,
Our flight leaves in an hour.
What, like an hour.
An hour, maybe an hour and a half.
About an hour.So you fired up?
One more.
An hour. Oh, boy.
An hour? Hey and roldy?
Hour ,45. No, I can't make it.
An hour 40.
Four miles per hour?
What's his time worth? $1.50.
What's the rate?
An hour? - and most of that was walking back to town!
An hour? That's optimistic. There's 100 people.
1 hour is so rushed!
An hour? She's a ho.
An hour... Okay, I'll meet you here in an hour.
An hour. Great.
For about an hour... Right?
Well, an hour would give us months in there, but,
An hour? Hey and Roidy?
One hour, honey babe. Number 64.
The hour will be over before I finish my opening speech.
I'll only be an hour.
We're getting about a dozen calls an hour.
About 90 an hour. I'm up to around 500.
About 90 an hour. I'm up to around 500.
I hear it's a new city record
We can be to Wakita in an hour.
It earns over two grand an hour.
We'll be an hour.
One hour, then we're out of here. OK? We've only just got here. don't start!
What do you make an hour? - 10 cents an hour.
What do you make an hour? 10 cents an hour.
What do you make an hour? - 20 cents.
What do you make an hour? 20 cents.
Before she was discovered.
An hour or so. It might be sooner.
Probably an hour or more, but be ready.
Be 'bout an hour.
It occurred about an hour ago.
Hour ago, maybe.
Coroner: give me about an hour or so. The lab's backlogged today.
An hour? Yeah, give or take.
An hour! It's an hour and out!
What an hour has wrought.
With an hour of rehearsal l never could fail.
There's only about an hour till daylight.
One hour and I'll be back. Bye, baby. Rosie?
An hour? I can't stay here an hour.
An hour ago? We heard Gunshot 15 minutes ago.
One hour. We had a deal.
An hour. I could bring them to you.
An hour, a day.
They need an hour to burn the classified.
Making $2.95 an hour 
I make .95 cent an hour. That comes to $182 every month.
One hour, inspector.
Angelique: make it an hour. And start cracking the whip out here.
An hour? I can't even imagine that.
Hour's almost up.
You have one hour, starting
What do you mean, hour?
Agent: one hour? Jack: yes, fine.
One hour? Yeah
An hour. Two, at most.
An hour. Two at the most.
There are 3,600 seconds in an hour.
There's 60 minutes in an hour, 60 seconds in a minute.
And 60 minutes to an hour. Lt takes more time to butcher a goat.
How many quarters are in an hour?
Thousands of gallons an hour. 
To a man who is choking for want of air?
Getting to Louis' penthouse and back in an hour
An hour's not going to give me enough time.
Run hourly checks, because when he does go blind,
An hour can seem like a second.
How 'bout a one hour spa treatment? I want a better room.
One - hour photo boy said fuck you.
Exercise. One hour.
A few times an hour. He likes to stay hydrated.
An hour or even a minute.
One hour, one second 
Can you fix it fast?
One crowded hour of glorious life
You 'II have to attend a one - hour parenting cIass.
An - hour lawyer's office and I think it's hour three and he says to me,
That charges more by the hour
Until the second hour,
Until the second hour, when everyone finally started to come out of their shells.
One hour of glory beats an eternity of anonymity.
An hour's drive to hear that crap.
An hour on the treadmill, and I came up empty. Not a clue.
An hour, easy.
We'd never get $30 an hour on the job either, right? But what we get?
Crime show where the murderer
One hour to get over that wall and as far away from this prison as possible.
It can thrash 200 boys an hour at any intensity
$14.50 an hour.
A few times an hour.
Driving 300 miles an hour,
One hour. - put the girl on the.
Not bad for an hourly wage.
Run a hundred miles an hour.
An hour? Who are you kidding? I'll be back in five minutes.
An hour drive didn't seem very public.
Meet me at the northernmost building in an hour and ten minutes.
This play has got to close on page four.
$500 an hour and you still have a haircut that looks like
There'll be an earthquake in a hour, what would you do?
Hour and 20 minutes.
This is not worth 11.50 an hour.
One hour, Martin!
A little sunshine, a little watering.
Little triple martini.
A short one? No, I'd prefer a long one if you don't mind.
A small coffee, please.
A small beer.
A quick beer ?
A short beer, am I right? And whiskey.
One gay beer, pIease.
A small beer. Bar is closed.
A small scotch. Sure thing.
A small scotch. Sure.
Just a very small glass.
A shot? Cheap wine?
A shot of cognac or jack or something.
One lousy little cup of gravy?
A tiny shot of pink is all it takes to fix my son's pain.
Small mint tea. - thanks.
One little drink. Excuse me. She's not interested.
A small glass of sherry.
A shot of tequila.
A little reefer?
A small tin is nothing, really! She wants special favors.
Baby steps, no sudden moves.
Small steps - that's fine.
So a small move feels like a complete 360 - degree head spin.
Little bit. - little bit.
All these little limping steps back.
It's amazing what a little harmony.
Just a little walk.
We'll be right back after this short.
I guess it kind of change the whole scene for a little while
A little dance music.
Was a short video clip. 
Little chap.
Least for a while? Here's the deal, Columbus. Uh.
Part of the music, maybe?
With a little drop of poison
A tiny tear was beginning to form in the corner of my eye.
A single drop is enough to arouse any animal.
A little bit more. Drink, drink, drink.
A tiny, little scratching nag 
A little? I might have to get a new plane.
"Tiny bit "means tiny bit, not big bit or regular bit. Tiny bit. Move a tiny bit.
Just a touch of light foam. It'll pass.
Little pinch.
A teensy bit more closet space?
Little green cocktail shot in my neck three times a day.
There's a teeny - weeny bone sticking out!
Little pieces.
A little slice of salmon, but whatever tickles your pickle.
A little scrap of paper.
Part of the blade. Blood on it
A small piece of land with a few goats on it.
Bone fragment.
Beautiful little piece of toast - golden brown.
It's a piece of home.
A sliver, probably in his face. You know what? I think I'm gonna leave.
A patch of soil recently disturbed. That's where we dug up the blanket.
A tiny portion of the ocean holds its greatest riches,
one prince of pizza slice 
This little piece of brand bait.
Left in a door - Oh, my God.
A little piece of blue sky now.
The occasional scrap of metal, a few bags of coffee.
Small pieces of mirror were inserted.
Between those two ugly clouds?
Yes. A vial of insulin.
A wee bottle of Guinness.
And it's a little bottle. Lt has an eyedropper.
They'll charge $500
Yeah, one little bottle of spermicidal lube.
A vial of that shoud kill every horse in this stable.
One vial is enough to take out the entire student body.
How does a little bottle of alcohol blow up an entire restaurant?
One tiny vial of liquid luck to the student
Let's see, a vial of dragon's blood.
It's amazing what a little soap and water can do.
A small packet of fair fast. 22 rupees 50 paisas.
The duomo was purchased with just one locket.
A little bundle of - potpourri.
Do it in small amounts and no one will be suspicious.
Into her NGO, all in micro - donations ,$2,000 and below,
"Small" being the operative word here.
A small amount of cash.
As a result of my husband's death.
Take out a small loan, really get things going.
Well, a single stud fee can go for tens of thousands of dollars.
A small piece of dust can crack glass, it can penetrate metal.
A small force might slip through the krug lines.
An urban snatch and grab with a small team requires good intelligence.
Get a team with a parabolic set right here.
A small group of gunmen could hold out in here forever
A small group of scientists
Anybody outside of a smaII group of scientists has seen this image.
A small crew - they must feel the need to be free. Take jobs as they come.
A last, small group of people are said
A small group of people responsible for these events.
A small pod of Pacific spotted dolphin
A small group of bottle nose dolphin are working their way
A chance encounter with a pod of whales,
A small droid convoy leading a multi-troop transport.
Just a squirt.
Old piece of scissors buried deep in his shoulder.
Dime bag of what? You don't get high?
Pouch of uncut diamonds, and a stolen Stradivarius.
A IittIe Iesson, which is.
Military conflict.
And a narrow subset at that.
A small number continue to experience
From a small population
A few of 'em will do some time.
Of them are digested so that if you take ten milligrams,
In part, modesty forces me to acknowledge,
Of their stockholders who are very highly concentrated.
A small group of survivors formed the elder ship.
A bunch, I assume are
A few are poisonous, but none are illegal.
A small group of civilians will be left behind.
A handful of special forces and a couple of black hawks,
With small groups of protestors breaking off from the main crowds
The bats, in small parties, move from plant to plant,
The descendants of a tiny Spanish elite which plundered the nation's riches
A few of them got out.
Of circumstantial and a da who shied
A small team of low level terrorists
Unit one, what's your status?
Rescue one to Baywatch. Repeat, rescue one to Baywatch.
A small garrison of soldiers will put an end to that.
A small group of operatives working within the law, but outside the chain of command.
Copied and logged, team one.
A small group of highly committed men
Team one, James is headed to the banquet kitchen.
A handful of cops that carried out the real rough stuff 
Team one, multiple civilian calls police in the last 10 minutes.
A small army of flesh eating robots.
A little while, as in two dates?
One little page.
A nice little breakfast.
One... Come on, Mike.
A handful of teenage geeks emerged to change
Same routine as always. You checked the shutters,
As a whistle.
It's pretty spotless, huh?
Spotless. - it's me.
Spic and span, that's my motto.
Spotless. Yeah, I... .
You know, clean streets, birds flying by.
Tasting of flora and the country green
tasting of flora and the country green
One... One time.
And as I was saying before I was interrupted,
Let's call a spade a spade and a chicken a chicken.
Or a coffin
You're either lying to me, and you left them,
Or kill yourself. Which way you like?
He'll need an extra life,
First, it is ''dragging''. Second is ''stabbing''.
Well, you know, one being "love the one you're with"
First, Po should run into fugitive for some time.
Here it is. - nice place.
I'm not good with awkward.
Two helpless victims in one.
Body for a body.
A foot, a foot and a half?
One foot, eight inches.
A delicious, though complicated foot - long subway - black forest ham on honey oat with chipotle sauce.
What, the one - footers?
One, whether or not nicotine is considered to be a drug,
One, even though you're very ugly,
To piss into a bowl. Wine!
5 bucks a rack? 5 bucks?
$1,000 a game?
Game, match, set.
Play him for $1,000 a game.
I'll give you a hundred bucks for one two - minute round.
One game, 9 - ball.
One game, 9 - baII.
Ten bucks a game?
A game of pool,
In a round of corporate volleyball?
Rosy fingered dawn.
Double or nothing on that greaser!
Ready for a hand or two of cards?
How do we give four unearned runs in one inning?
A kid dropped a popsicle
I sit on it.
Got my seat on lean.
You sit on your ass
Plop down in front of the TV.
30 grand in the hole.
Butt full of bigotry.
This is ground zero; the first five victims.
Floor by floor,
Walls behind walls behind walls.
Layer by layer directly by 3D drawing.
Sweeping floor by floor.
Floor by floor, it started popping out.
Layer after layer, it is blowing itself apart.
Chocolate on chocolate.
Layers upon layers of uh, well, walls.
Layer by layer, like an onion, then you can be sure.
Of layering up more and more and more.
Level - one, level - two, level - three, level - four.
Anything above the first level here is private property. That's off - limits.
One more. There we go.
A coat alone doesn't account for that.
First ice field, second ice field,
Another taco, and then into another one 
Layers and layers of lies
An infected skin to replace it,
And over one another about a third of the way.
Inside, meat! First tier, file in!
Main floor.
Layer by layer.
First floor clear.
Layer upon layer gets stripped away until most are completely burnt up.
Little by little, each layer is fused together.
Floor by floor, you all know the drill.
Clear each floor till we flush the subject out.
To strip away layer after layer.
High up on the tower will take a lot of time.
Secrecy or humor.
Digging down through the layers until you hit bedrock.
Outnumbered ，encircled,
The flat is secure.
On all the surfaces I examined.
Layer after layer of lava lies
Which builds up layer upon layer.
Like one floor could be rock 'n' roll.
A coating of fresh hoarfrost spread out from it,
One strong piece polyurethane foam,
Five on the first floor.
First floor, broke in through a sliding door.
One floor, 200 units.
About ten feet per floor.
A one story cottage. It could be anywhere.
To share a single toilet on the same floor
One story. It has a basement.
A layer of matter 10 billion times stronger than steel,
Wasn't there anything on the ground floor?
It's a single level building,
Elevator bank, central core.
All the ground - floor exits will be covered.
Of an industrial office building.
1st floor! Hard drives, files, anything!
The level of space that is the wall,
A layer of fat then fear.
Which took thousands of years to form, disappears.
A series of tendrils.
There was the sort of freezing fog hanging over everything,
First floor is burned out.
Garage level one, service entrance.
The name "Whitney" on the flat door.
Because of all of this, and officials say
A pile of delicious barley and amber weed.
One - bedroom apartment in a cool area
For government after government raising enough tax to cover their spending
We can't clean up the world with dirty hands.
And you're surrounded by people who give a shit about you.
The whole household?
A house cue.
Oh you absolutely don! I believe
A sea of opportunity.
And entertain an entire house full of people in a few hours.
You're standing in a room with military guys and government guys,
A roomful of doctors? Manna from heaven.
Get a room. - Oh, I got one.
Full of spinsters and no grandchildren.
Room full of name tags. Good buffet, though.
A house full of slaves, have to do fucking everything myself.
A room full of computers? That's perfect.
You don't watch porn in a room full of dudes.
A houseful of flight risks.
Isn't it weird to have a roomful of people working quietly?
The room was captivated. I could feel it.
A roomful of speakers
A room full of underworld killers. Sounds great, right?
A house of women speaking their minds.
Out there who need to cut something in half
A houseful of kids.
A house of a thousand corpses is important to you?
We had a house full of teenagers, a sick kid, a cancer remission, a secret message,
A room full of politicians!
Well, leave it up to you to find the books in a room full of guns.
It'll be nice to have the house full of men.
You know, a room full of women clamoring to win a date with me
Apartment full of designer labels, and what do I grab?
House full of cops, but you're outside,
A roomful of human bodies
A room full of junior high in securities.
Most of the senior class was in there.
A roomful of cops.
A whole lot of house to process.
A house full of photos of him.
There is a roomful of McDonald's executives waiting for you, and you're playing with toys.
Full of fired - up parents, I need to know.
A roof of fog comes down, a barrier,
To put it all on display.
And the joint superior schools
Every grain of sand.
There's only room for one at the mountaintop.
For neither can live while the other survives.
Neither one can live while the other one survives.
Slab mate?
I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in.
And no more than earth has two suns will Asia bear two kings.
And no more than earth has 2 sons will Asia bear two kings,
Looks like 2 rattlesnakes in a bag.
And when it became clear that one side had to go, one side had to be purged.
There's only room for one lead, and let's face it,
Now there can't be two tigers in one territory, can there?
There can only be one commander,
Two dongs don't make a right.
There should be one angel
Two tigers cannot live on the same mountain.
Only one can walk away with the trophy.
I thought it might help me to get away from you, Mr Bates.
Hey, they can't all be winners.
There's always somebody who's better,
Behind that front is a front!
Some sort of grass is always greener on the other side of the fence thing?
There is always someone better
Problem with trying to be the bad guy.
1 and a quarter.
One year! No, two.
At less than a year old,
About a year old?
Well, babies under a a year haven't developed an immune system
One and the other be three.
A year or less. I don't know.
A year or less.
Mother died in a car crash when he was one. Father, unknown.
A one year old
So for a one year old child who will eat virtually anything in it's way.
I need a right and a left. Perfect.
A great big absorbing creature from outer space, and you're having a go at me?
A huge pressure builds up looking for an outlet.
Flying saucer rapidly approached them and then hovered over their car.
One man didn't act on his own.
What hope does he stand against all of them?
But that's just me.
Just one man's humble opinion. That's all.
Selfish ends? What are you talking about?
A slap! Slap?
Just getting up off the ground and thinking.
A flick of your wrist, and whoosh.
High five on the nose.
Some college downtown.
First, as the mayor just reminded me there are 300 weddings a day in Las Vegas,
Things were good.
Godspeed, my son.
Smooth sailing, Sid?
Bon voyage? Where are we going?
Even - keeled. That's what I wanna be able to do.
World's selection of sushi.
Smooth rides make for boring stories.
Good life get a little boring?
All the best. - thank you, sir. - all the best.
An easy road - comma - don't expect one.
One is to order now, when they get your
The 1st is the best there is.
Wearing nothing but me rain coat.
The general vicinity ? That's all you got?
And I guess the habit sort of stuck.
Get me underground daddy, daddy, get me out
Just in passing.
Andes mountain region of South America.
Play it frame by frame, so it lasts longer.
Frame by frame.
Go frame by frame. There!
Frame - to - frame.
Check every frame till you find one we can use to LD that son of a bitch.
Of, uh, images or - or impressions. You know?
Watch what happens when you run the playback frame by frame.
We didn't get a single frame? We went out of range.
Hypnotise you frame by frame, scene by scene
Yeah, so the frame would be like that, you know, so we'd pull the camera way in.
A bunch. Two, five, ten?
A bunch of 30 year old, sitting around acting like college freshmen. - hey, I'm almost 46.
Bunch of crazy old guys playing 
Always late to work but always on time for free aIcohoI and free food.
A menacing gang has breached the palace
Guys with heart.
Eggheads killing each other over exhibits no one really wants to see.
Bunch of Asiatics bought the old rainbow hotel across the street from my shit hole in Delaney.
They're savages - reckless and single - minded.
A bunch of guys went up 10 minutes ago.
The whole gang.
Men came on the boat.
A bunch of men hugging and kissing, that's some cult shit.
Men with machine guns.
One group will control the trafficking for a while,
A couple of guys come out and ambushed us.
If you went in as a group, you should come out as a group.
Bunch of billionaires talking about how much real estate they own in the city.
The second we bring up those containers, we’re dead.
A couple of fucking queers! They wouldn't have given them that kid!
Imbeciles  All of them.
A bunch of jocks who thought I was gay jumped me in the woods.
Bunch of pseudo intellectual glorified trophy wives.
Sinners in pride.
What jokers! You can't choose your clientele.
What a bunch of bullshit!
Lot of pricks want to work for his money.
Communist bastards.
A bunch of other vermin.
Tough bastards, aren't they?
A bunch of deluded, bleeding heart patriots.
Some sick bastards got into his room and molested him.
A really miserable bunch of enslaved people.
Bunch of grade.
Around the croquet field.
Mcgloin: gay bashing.
Drug abusing teens roben, death - a grave and reenact an ancient torture.
A group of boys behind drugs. It is a good place to prick.
They're a bunch of old biddies.
No good mother fuckers.
A bunch of pencil pushers and accountants. How you gonna help?
The navy s. E. A. L.S. You know why?
Piece of shit sergeants hoping to be lieutenants.
Ghetto hoop stars!
By a bunch of pathetic empty ，headed little women!
Bunch of losers and geeks trying to be tough guys, right?
Fucking losers.
It's like little League with sequins.
Great friends.
A bunch of kids were having a party.
Killers, robbers, extortionists, some family.
Bunch of bloody pseudo intellectual do gooders.
It is crawling with holy rollers,
The apprentice bands are sacking houses.
There were these teenagers in a car on their way up to that abandoned drive - in on route 4, and they disappeared.
A couple of kids found a house in the woods
Just a couple of kids who like to fuck, trying to make it honest. I get it.
You goddamn punks!
A bunch of little girls brought a dead body here?
A coupIe of punks shot my wife . She's dead.
A couple of the workers knocked me around and stole my camera.
Were captured. Thank you, general.
A gang of masked students
One... Help me out. One, two, three!
A group of teenagers unwittingly unleashed Guan di,
A bunch of kids came by and partied it up again.
These are a bunch of kid.
You're a bunch of weaklings.
Because a bunch of lawyers were too afraid the magazine was gonna get sued.
It's just a bunch of sad broken people, you know, letting go.
The caregiver to a bunch of emotional cripples?
Whoever they are, they are very angry. - he is a goner.
Give my love to the girls. - just get some sleep.
And a bunch of goons sneak up behind you,
A couple of kids came out here with some baseball bats
Damn, that old Baptist parties like a gangsta rapper.
Sold by a new crew, run by a mope named petrix derosier.
And a new batch of contestants is ready for their shot,
Bunch of amateurs. 
And a lot of shameless commanders lower their criminal statistics.
A bunch of fatuous, mean - spirited bigots
A patient band of physicists watch over the signal in shifts.
Real winners.
These killers, to possess weapons of mass destruction.
Gangbusters. Another scotch.
A rival gang trapped us,
Gang of outlaws, hooligans
Oh, a bunch of nerds sitting at their computer, what can they do?
At wrapping some of these weak minds around your little finger.
Poles drive in to our courtyard with a truck.
A Lynch mob is going after those vampires.
Damn the lot of you! This is a lynching, not a trial!
Some old hippie wanted to open up a drug rehab center on our block.
A lot of Marines to feed! Move move move!
Get a couple of assholes desperate enough to kill each other,
Bastards.
Some fuckers just stripped my sea lab, you know.
Asshole! Hey, man, why don't you try...? Walk away.
But a beehive for germs and bacteria.
Bunch of bleeding heart... Patriots.
You guys are too much. I'm gonna take off.
Those bastards that have never seen action
You all suck.
These boys they come in, they play around, they don't buy nothing,
A bunch of thugs learning Taekwondo?
A bunch of white cops surrounded his church 
Bloody idiots.
Stupid fucking men!
Vultures.
And a gang of uniformed thugs break in and point guns at their head?
A bunch of buffoons in fancy dress.
You're all such pussies I'll do it.
Stupid bitches.
Bunch of fools!
A bunch of losers stuffing their faces,
Bunch of blond over blue children of the corn.
A tough crowd for the lunchtime stripper?
A crashing superb bunch of blokes.
So it's just a bunch of cons？
So just a bunch of cons？
What damage can some women, old folks and children cause?
A bunch of feds would've ever caught me
Timid little network cunts.
A group of really big,
A bunch of puffed - up peacocks, gambling away people's homes
They're just young 'uns playing in this shit.
A free - graze outfit came through.
A group of extreme sport fans who called themselves the ultimate soldiers
Amateurs.
Silly bitches.
They're like superballs.
What dumb asses!
Next to some schmuck from the FAA.
Idiots， Who prepares a meal at midnight?
A couple of scruffy guys walk in, tell me they're from the insurance company
Some queen's even remixed it to a dance song.
Bunch of pompous fuckers.
Wouldn't be the first time a bunch of cops cheap out on a dinner and ended up spewing out of both ends.
Like the Asians with the guns and the drugs, and not his friends.
Bitches, I can't stand them.
You bunch of deadbeats.
A big, gay team of dancing gays.
And self-sacrifice in a squall of car - crazies.
To a bunch of pre-teens.
One of a select bunch of time lords
Police officers came into our area with badges covered.
Evil, lying prats, the whole lot of them.
It's a bunch of drunk guys bragging.
Wild kids.
Bunch of rich bastards!
A bunch of clowns who need a road map to find their own assholes
A gang of riders caught us up in Cheyenne
Bunch of his high school buddies?
How could a bunch of high school kids beat the national team?
So a bunch of glorified crack addicts could take that information and pretend to understand it,
Whole mess of sparrows turning on a dime.
Bunch of dragon boys told me .
Bunch of dragon boys told me to bring money to this address.
A $65 million painting?
A very good fake.
A portrait of God with Leonardo's features.
Each painting is worse than the last.
Which is not so ingeniously
Can be found detailed in an ancient Chinese drawing.
Which he actually painted from memory during the day.
Genre scenes, scenes that represent daily life in Pompeii or Herculaneum.
A mythological panel picture that is surrounded by a frame -
Just after a man purchased a Picasso painting
A fake painting.
A fake picture's worth a thousand words, huh?
A picture made of light.
In a whole new... Hey, hello!
I always picture them naked even if I don't want to.
Also included 2 century and Buddhist diagram
One was to my cousin.
One of the originals has already been traced to a private collector in Munich.
An ancient landscape of craters, cracks and basins.
A 128 to hang over my mantel.
To a piece called "the hollowed pussy".
A map that wiII lead us to the HoIy grall.
A fresco that dates from 1190.
An image of what many scholars
That one picture speaks a thousand words,
Velvet painting of nude at counter
A map.
A map, huh?
A map. A map?
It's a map, an invisible map. So now.
A map. How to find what you need.
A mural.
I am not paying off the tequila on a picture, okay?
That obvious, huh? TV, you know?
This sketch of a possible suspect.
Like I'd cracked this major case.
One showing the damned suffering in hell,
A giant jigsaw without the edge pieces?
A picture of hope.
An enchanted painting.
And sleep, before whom all things bow,
A picture of total elegance.
Something larger that can't be understood
There's one in particular that caught my eye.
A Degas appearing after all this time
As I have sir, that marvelous painting
It's a caricature of me on a skateboard.
Abstractions in acrylic paint, but it's not.
Pane after pane, because I can't correct anything.
A Greek painting of this same scene,
A Renaissance painting.
A new cartoon. “l wish l was taller.”
A new set of teeth are ready to appear.
A scene of unspeakable carnage.
An expensive painting, a fresco for your entrance.
It's a star map.
One was stolen nine years ago from a gallery in Madrid.
A bigger picture begins to emerge.
A landscape painting signed, "Francis sharp, 1801"
A vision of the future.
A Jackson Pollock painting.
An oil on panel called
A Pissarro until our own Monet is restored to us.
A water Lily painting weapons an art auction tomorrow night.
A painting, detective.
You know, a picture really is worth a thousand words.
Fuck face! You too!
Is a picture of a cat or a picture of a little girl standing alone.
A modern Pieta.
A sign painted on a pane.
Just a picture
One painting can only give you back so much.
A piece of art caused me to have an emotional reaction.
One painting's worth $50 million,
One painting's worth $50 million, the other's only worth a few thousand.
Selling paintings for five grand a pop.
A painting can be beautiful, but I don't want to bang a painting.
The picture, several figures.
A picture of the artist painting a picture
A picture of the artist painting a picture of the artist painting a picture of the landscape.
What would one cost? Come to the show and find out.
Like a drawing or anything?
One painting for one drink. That's not a bad deal.
One painting down. Seven minutes, 27 seconds.
A painting is more than the sum of its parts.
That one picture is worth a thousand words.
A case could be made for the first three. They're merely vulgar.
A picture? Where the hell did they get a picture?
A map... And it bears the royal crest.
A working sketch of a helicopter.
He won't float me one of his crappy paintings.
A simple Aspen grove shot in high - contrast black and white
But the figures are very small in relation to the landscape.
Just a vision of beauty.
A group painting.
You seem bummed out.
A lithograph by munch. 
She took from work.
A Degas appearing after all this time is going to be greeted with a healthy amount of skepticism.
Into a more coherent picture.
A map to the Mayan's greatest secret.
Picture of how these iron age people lived.
A drawing of a frog.
In the "brace yourself" episode 
Yeah, one act plays, hgrocery lists.
The real drama was now being played out on beaches closer to home.
A moving picture was taken of this kind act.
Scene by scene
Iiterally passing me by Jonathan.
It must have been a pretty moving scene because I couldn't stop crying.
One scene, one moment, once in a while.
Sketch after sketch, we're being treated to.
One act down, one to go.
A building with several windows on the second floor.
That's a civilian Israeli building.
A house in a good neighborhood, private school.
A gas main blew in an apartment building.
An apartment complex. 
More like a cabin with a lot of land.
A quaint little cottage in the country
That professor mosby wants to tear down.
A villa in the Mediterranean.
A big house. Beautiful clothes.
An immortal house for an immortal artist!
With tactical assault teams.
Blocks of building are under construction
A house with a flat roof.
An abandoned building surrounded by acres of secluded land.
Across from the department store. He's got Russian papers
Of an abandoned apartment building in Kensington.
A house. He's local.
You know, I'd have a house and family and things like that.
A house, she burnt down the client house.
What cannot a house divided against itself do?
The house isn't going to fix it, Ben.
A skyscraper.
In the new building at the foot of the mountain.
In this new apartment complex, it's really nice. It's a little small.
One building, one water tank, one connection.
A building, a neighborhood, a block 
Two baths， Built back in the 20s.
A house in the Hamptons, a Ferrari.
Down by the sea anything you say
A proper house! With a garden!
A corporate headquarters building?
A neglected house gets an unhappy look.
In a house under construction
A super tall building, and I looked for something to grab onto,
To the last drop.
Super clean cut.
Everything? Every last word.
Totally clean.
As a whistle. Which reminds me.
Transporting down to surface of planet Rigel XII
I do some of my finest work self-medicated.
With them finished, it's on to gudjara full speed.
That give structure to our society have, at times betrayed your trust.
Cheers. Money and love.
Give nothing back.
Do anything stupid, he testifies, you two go to prison.
A single square meter of coral can sustain dozens of species.
Ln one. Go!
A square meter of Iand costs on average, DM 1,24.
225 a square foot.
$60 a square foot.
It took out a one - mile radius.
$100,000 a year.
10 1/2 months a year, so.
Over 1200 a year, Phil. Perfect!
122,998 cases a year.
15 grand a year tuition... I don't know how you're gonna pull that off.
1,920 in a year.
Is it reaI that 2,000 men for a whoIe year?
A couple hundred a year and the work's light.
Made $22,500 and went home tired every night.
Between 250 and 300 homicides a year.
The circus life 280 days a year on location.
So, twenty a year, huh, for ten years? That's two hundred grand.
28 grand a year.
$200 million payroll and you still can't catch Boston?
300 or so a year.
The sun shines 329 days a year.
Two shows a night on the road 351 days a year,
362 days of pelting rain and howling wings.
365 days a year,
365 days per year ,1095 in total
Why did your mother have to go to ballet tonight of all nights?
Three hundred and sixty five days a year, it's here that rain forests flourish.
I've never worn red shorts 365 days a year!
There are 365 days in one year， so.
They do have one for every day 365 
365 days in a year, bound to be days like this.
Three hundred and sixty - five days a year,
Likely on the move hunting and killing all 365 days a year,
400 students per year, 4,800 names.
$40,000, $45,000 a year?
Half a million pounds a year.
In 525,600 minutes
50, 60 a year?
Sixty - six thousand a year?
60 grand, 70?
As many as six, eight, ten times a year with conventional insecticides
It's just 6 times a year, dammit! Promise.
That she's not alone. 6 days a year.
On 81,000 a year.
90k a year?
A year and.
Eighteen grand a year?
Eighteen grand a year? Eighteen five.
On a couple of high - altitude fucks once or twice a year!
One a year, always on the same date.
A hundred million dollars a year, 60 million of that from girls. For what?
A point a year seems fair, so you're down to 94.
$15 million a year.
A year. A year?
Well, they get worse. Every year.
A year ,18 months, tops.
As the weeks become the months become the years.
Year after year brooding, not seeing anyone.
Kept putting it off until next year.
you'll know a year has come to pass
A year. It's been a year.
It gets worse and worse from year to year
And as the years go by
Year after year.
And as the years passed, the quest for magic beans
And, as years passed, the quest for magic beans
Once a year, the teamsters go to this Italian sandwich shop in Brooklyn.
It's the time of year when the swallows return to Spring field.
In the annual central park senior marathon.
The annual civil war re-enactors' meltdown.
The annual melt has begun.
Our annual lonely heart table for two.
Our annual sneak peek at hell.
Our annual sneak peek at hell.
You can't even be biannual when you don't even meet on a holiday like today
You every year tender breath all around.
The event of the year. But you're not there.
The onset of the great annual migration.
The annual children's Kung fu matches.
“Basketball game against the neighbors”.
Their sacred annual pilgrimage to Vegas.
The biggest magazine event of the year.
Of some of the modern elective governments
The annual Lincoln park soap box Derby.
They are the ones who let the bullying
The annual deluge of drunken sailors
The blue  ribbon first prize in this year's annual comfort food cook off
For K - 100's annual sugar Magnolia fest!
An annual evacuation drill commemorates
The most important event of the year. Am I the only one who gets it?
The annual air show, but nothing as big as this.
The Festival once a year.
It was that time of year when people find out
For its annual "wasted life" event.
The annual west Beverly underachievement awards
It's a regular feast for the senses.
It's my annual blossom - viewing party
The annual boat race was the most prestigious sporting event of the day.
The annual bird migration has been going on for thousands of years.
Another year, another "favored son" of Capua
Another year another "favored son of Capua" gone to grass.
Once again, it's the mode black & white ball benefiting new York children's hospital.
One Iine for one year.
One line for one year
It happens once a year.
Once a year? It's not so bad.
Where one time a year, right now,
Like once a year, every year, people just kind of.
Once a year, like everyone else.
Once every year
It's once a year, it's Christmastime!
One day a year, she is going to laugh and laugh and shake our bones.
Once a year, we live like men.
Better once a year than never.
Like once a year, every year,
Once a year doesn't hurt ... I like that.
Once a year. I don't really have time for more. Work's pretty busy.
For once a year, life - giving water turns an area of unforgiving desert
For one day a year only,
It's still just once a year, isn't it?
Christmastime is once a year
Christmas time is once a year.
Once a year... Look at the pictures of him.
Once a year. That's a long time between meals.
Once a year is too often. The mosques have lost it, brother.
Would commence at a hundred pounds a year.
To sell that house for almost a year.
A one - year contract means the same thing to a manager as to a player.
Passion that pulls in seven figures a year.
Three weeks a year. I mean ,15 weeks in total. You think that's crazy.
Three weeks a year, you understand?
Three deaths in one year.
Three times a year,
Three times a year, a shipment of gold bars goes in a heavily guarded armored truck.
Three times a year, we'd get crackling phone calls.
This means $182,500 in a year of 365 days.
It snows nine months of the year and hails the other three.
He must spend a lot of money on the girls
Almost 60 bucks a year just sitting there, turned off.
A year. What? Dad,
Less than a year.
Worse every year.
One year isn't too terribly long, and you'll be free.
A year is nothing.
A year is a long time.
A year of immobility seems about right.
A year even the winds welcome you!
Don't you say shit else for a year.
I rake in about, what, 75 grand a year?
27 grand a year. - and when were you going to stop
Maybe two or three times a year. He still struggles with it. 
A year and two months ago.
Do two extremely small jobs a year make a career?
A year in new business.
Two weeks out of the year, and that's the way you wanted it.
Twice a year
Two letters in one year! By golly!
One year? Two years?
As a year, then two, went by without a successor.
A year, two years, five years?
A year? Two? 10years?
1 year or 2 years or 10 years?
It's twice a year.
Twice a year?
The blow jobs biannual and as play is out of the question.
Twice a year, I swear.
Biannual had a very hard time 
The distance light travels in an entire year.
We can dance any other night of the year,
Ask me again in a year.
And the rest of the year he just plans 
It's funny how one year can change so much.
Two days out of the year it's a cave.
It's the one time of the year
One night in a year, I left a contract on my desk.
For this time of year only we don't have to pay.
Frozen enough to drive on it.
And that maybe only for a few short periods in the year.
What two nights of the year
We can get rejected by supermodels any night of the year.
The one time of year when the squalor of our home
They had a series of attacks on the females over the course of a year, and in the last attack,
It's the one day of the year where the boys have to be nice to me,
Once or twice a year he'd call me by that name. I ignored it.
It's that special time of year when we don't despise our fellow man.
I think maybe my favorite time of year - hockey season.
Halloween is the best time of the year for me.
Biggest sales day of the year.
The two days of the year
Most dangerous day of the year.
Biggest race of the year.
Biggest shopping day of the year?
Well, only the most magical day of the year.
The dearest day in all the year
This is the scariest shopping day of the year.
The biggest cheer leading event of the year.
The biggest shopping day of the year,
The worst weather they'd had in years.
The worst time of year.
The most wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful
The most wonderful day of the year
The one day of the year it's socially acceptable to play dress up.
It's the biggest day of the year for her.
The biggest shopping day of the year,
But there is one time of year when the Venus fly trap
Three undetected murders in one year
Twice I year, I gotta listen to him whine about requalifying.
At certain times of the year called the equinox,
Some of these waterfalls are only here for part of the year,
Half the year he's working in the skies.
It's the one day of the year
For 10 months of the year
51 weeks out of the year,
I spent eight months of each year in Washington DC
Six months out of the year he's in Europe.
For most of the year these squid
For most of the year, the quelea are nomadic,
The number of days in a year,
Of all the days in all the year
For the first time in a year I felt your heart again.
It was that time of year when people find out what they're afraid of.
Not bad this time of year, Tom, 3 or 4 feet.
This time of year there's so much life everywhere.
This time of the year.
At this time of year the frozen Arctic is empty of life
They're all over Chinatown this time of year.
That heavenly time of year
90 this time of year? I mean.
Food is scarce this time of year,
Good pasture is scarce, sire.
The English countryside is very lovely this time of the year.
It's beautiful this time of year. - Oh yeah. Paris for the obese.
Desert's beautiful this time of year.
The notion of picking one time of the year
It's extremely cold and completely dark for much of the year,
Each chapter is a new year.
We'll give it a year, more if necessary.
We get a few of those a year.
Specifically, there's always one night a year that just seems right
It's the only time of year
We spend most of the year on missions around the world.
I fly to Florida a couple of times a year to visit the folks.
The best moon of the year to be with the one you love.
The second one in a year.
Losing a child and your wife in one year.
Yeah, it's like his super bowl.
The females are receptive and only were into mate just once a year for a few hours.
Within a year.
No construction for a year?
He won't gamble and admit himself
In a year, everyone's gonna want this surgery.
They're booked up a year in advance.
In a year, he'll be gone,
A lot happens in a year. Yeah, tell me about it.
You can't admit yourself to be God of gamblers within one year
You don't shave your beard or cut your hair for one year,
You'll be popping tags for over a year.
You will have your own assistant within a year.
We'll get to work only if your family bears
You'll have your own assistant within a year.
You'll be working a stripper pole within a year!
Two white men you hurt in one year.
In one year you'll get your pension.
In one year, your firm will be
And you're going to need these men a year from now
Struck five times in under a year,
And during the course of the year, that spot will move inexcirably towards it, towards the South,
Within a year it was performed in Berlin, Vienna,
Everybody on earth is dead in a year.
And within a year we're branching out into our own line of mattresses and pillows.
Built three casinos in a year.
Over a year a million things can happen.
In a year, a small Latin American country.
They should be able to make 100 ships in a year. 
That will triple our revenue within one year.
In one year, we will spend more for two kids than my entire education cost.
Within the year, my whole family was just.
I'd able to pay you back in a year.
Deny all claims for a year.
Within one year of the crime being reported.
Then within a year, Europe's in it
Have you used it in the last year?
There' ll be other missionaries here in a year or so.
In one year, your firm will be nothing but an empty floor in an office building.
It were almost a year ago now.
About a year ago, a girl was killed.
On that stage one year ago, a bartender turned into the American idol,
Until a year ago, he didn't exist.
A year ago, you couldn't wait to be done with your column.
I had a car accident one year ago.
She was killed in Chicago one year ago.
She was here about a year ago.
About a year ago, I'm working for the defense department.
And a year ago, I might have been right beside you,
About a year ago, I saw her buying a crib at baby Mart.
Which was cut from my cerebellum only a year ago
A guy discovered trace gold in these hills about a year ago,
Would've screened my daughter a year ago,
At least a year, and back in the first year, he paid erratically when he felt like it.
A year later, may the 11th, 2006,
And a year later,
A year from now!
And after about a year, they put me back on nights.
A whole year passes， Five males attack Goliath.
And a year goes by he's 27, and you're 24.
They release him after one year, right? And what does he do?
A year after that, he started forgetting things.
A year later， he was assassinated by another member
One year, and you were home free.
And who you'll want see in the mirror a year from now.
One year later, l will meet with my brother cool son Yeh in the west
A year later, several extremists are tried, found guilty and executed.
Then the next year, the same thing happened all over again.
And then a year later set fire to it again after he died?
It takes a year to restore the roof ornament.
A year later, the daughter can't wait to leave.
At the end of that year, she'll come home.
After a year, she stopped writing.
A year later, her remains were found in a new York city landfill.
Over a year goes by. Right.
Now, after one year, if you still have this love.
Followed a year later by the female study.
After a year, the raccoons grow,
We wake up in a year, you'll be paint in again.
A year from now the mayor runs for reelection.
A year from now, maybe two if I'm lucky,
A year later and thankfully so far all had gone to plan.
After one year, thousands of people reported the exact same repressed memories.
I after one year .
One year later， I will come for revenge
One year from today, we meet at the reflecting pool on the mall.
The year 2009 and one year later, that's exactly what we did.
A year from now, we'll all be gone
In another year, I promise 
A year later, I asked her again and she still said no.
After a year, I asked her to marry me.
One year later, I took someone's advice.
After one year， I can greet you again here.
My mother died a year later.
And in a year, I'll be back.
A year later, I'm in the 46 - hour hell week,
A year later, my mother passed away.
A whole year before it took off.
A year later is 2000.
And a year later she died in childbirth.
A year later, its fame had spread beyond the borders of our province,
A year later the plague came.
A full year, the field collapses.
A year later, circuit got married.
And in a year's time, we'll have a safe and successful factory.
A year Iater, Reisner started up again with covert funding from the DOD.
A year from now Montvale's a ghost town.
In a year's time this is just gonna be a funny memory, right?
About a year later the college divests all its holdings in South Africa.
The citizens who live there now won't be able to afford to park there in a year.
Even a year later?
It's just, you know that 1 year from now if you were asked the
I could have gone the rest of the year.
Outcomes over a year even though each move is binomial 
You won't finish it in a year
Well, it's only once a year, sir.
I don't make $80,000 a year.
A year maybe 18 months.
A year maybe two.
A year maybe a little longer.
It comes up once a year, like groundhog day.
A year. Dude， this is surreal.
For over a year now, you've been saying how important this is.
After a year that's all you notice?
A year? You've known about this for a year?
For a year, I've done everything you've asked,
For over a year, McLeod, you, personally, have been making.
One year, sir.
About a year. I met him in Phoenix. I was working as a waitress.
A year or so. I don't know. You were the one who introduced me.
It's been over a year, she's better now.
It's a year, right? Almost a year, yeah.
One year together, and I cooked the chicken for you. Your friends are here.
It's been a year, and we're still.
Within a year, I've become the racing God of Mt Akina
For one year, for one solid year.
They've ordered four cases every month for a year.
A year. A whole year since last canning season.
A year? So we're not talking about a shopping spree at best buy.
About a year? - Dean -
$50,000 a year.
This is so terrible five people in a year
$5,000 a years
Five thousand a year! Really?
$5 million a year.
Back from a year Amazon - but you can use the camera?
Who bred 200 times a year 
A year? A year since when?
A woman swallows a year just from her lip gloss.
A $320,000 a year business from her bedroom?
One year. That's what his life is wroth.
Not less than one and not more than three years.
For a period of no more than 18 months no less than 1 year.
No more than 1 year no less than 6 months at the Wilkinson home for boys.
Dropped out of school after less than a year.
Japan has only a year!
One year ago,
Over a year ago.
A year ago you would have done whatever it took to win this war.
They broke up. A year ago. More.
A year ago, they launched a first strike against us.
A year ago, what was your big dream?
Wasn't but a year ago, you were whining and crying about how lonely you were.
About a year ago, MI6 started hearing rumors about a high - profile fixer.
A year ago. Well, it's time again, isn't it?
A year ago in Spanish class.
A year ago. She came to a signing in night mute.
A year ago we'd have been here with a Ferrari,
A year ago we were in love.
One year ago, I, Hrothgar is your king
A year ago, when I broke up with you, I felt like
Well, a year ago, I might have agreed with you, but now.
A year ago I didn't had a relation in the world.
A year ago my life had collapsed around me.
A year ago I grub staked an old prospector.
A year ago or more.
Last year of a heart attack
A year ago, last month, you made your first appearance on the show.
It was a year ago.
We met at yoga about a year ago. 
One year ago, the same boy appeared on several Web sites
One year ago, the same boy appeared on several Web sites used by pedophiles.
One year ago, father Avila returned from the jungles of new Spain
In a year, 10 years.
A long year later.
One year from today,
In a year from now two years.
With in a year, Jonathan qualifies for
This is next year.
A year later, the film in Florida still had not been picked up.
A year later, he moved away.
And a year later he got married. He was very happy.
Then a year later, he goes after them again,
You all have the right to run for office in the next election one year from now.
You show up after a year and say the kid's mine?
One year from now, you're gonna put it out of joint.
And years later you maintain you've done nothing wrong.
Next year your son`s first birthday banquet.
One year later oak - Nye killed herself
Went missing about a year later.
A year later， she showed up with a baby saying it was mine
It's very likely once the year was up, I couldn't give you
And in a year, that could be me.
A year later, I sold the company for twice what I paid for it.
So, a year later we started coming out,
A year from now, I'll be gone.
But in a year or the year after that
The E.R. Visits didn't kick in until the following year.
A year later, no one remembered how it had all begun.
A year later the carnival came back.
After a year the boy came to visit his family.
Year Iater in 2002, he compIeted triathlon consisting of swimming, cycllng, and running,
Then I ask you to stand beside me one year from tonight.
One year in the future.
Married a year later. No kids. I like your parents.
A year later, and the pranks just keep on coming.
See you one year later.
A year down the road.
A year from now there' ll be nothing but rum and Mexican beer in this place.
A year later same suspect is gunned down.
For a year, NSA has been tracking caIIs.
For a year I dreamt of entering this house.
We've gotten calls for over a year
Two weeks out of the year they take a vacation.
Happens three or four times a year. Rail - yard bulls hate it.
Maybe twice a year for the novelty.
One year, but I can't leave. I must send money home.
A little more than a year ago,
You will be activated several times a year .
You'll have good luck and good fortune all year round
How often do you preside over the board?
And had two physicals a year.
Fourth surgery in a year - I know the routine.
That gives you free mini golf for a year.
65G a year and a watch when I'm 60 won't get me a piece of the rock.
6 figures a year.
A year is actually 365.25 days.
Three promotions in a year?
No construction for 12 months.
They'll be divorced in a year.
Within a year, he'll be filing for bankruptcy.
He did that 3 times over a period of 12 months, but 2 days ago,
In a year, you'd have the possibility of 99 babies.
In a year, you have the possibility of only one baby. So..
In 1 year you will... Have lived in this city,
You'll have your own assistant within a year.
A year of you needing to win each fight
Within a year we'll increase your household name recognition by 65%.
And a white paper in 1 year
In a year if you're as good as he says, I'll pay you $3,000 for it.
I'd be through it in a year.
They're within a year of being released.
I won't allow you gamble with others for one year
Within a year we will prom.
And then in one year we'll do a second workshop.
I 'll be back in a year on a snowy day Iike today.
Within a year I had a stomach ulcer so bad
That could have been me in a year.
Within a year, the reserves were gone, too.
All four golf championships in a single year.
How we caught 90,000 fugitives last year.
6 ships lost in a single year. Now, these are not pleasure craft.
This will all be legal within a year.
Within a year there were fires on the ridges 
Never to be heard from again for a year.
1 year commitment to 20 pages per issue,
On people who test clean for a year.
No significant difference in one year survival rates.
Half a billion in sales in the first year alone.
You pay us back in one year or we kill you.
Within a year I was running the place and now I own five dealerships.
They won't be like this for another year.
In time the fruit orchards surrounding Fair child.
One winter, when mom was a girl
You gave back a million dollars a year? - yeah.
CoupIe times a year.
Couple of times a year. Me too.
A couple of times a year mainly clustered around award seasons.
A couple mil a year. Whole thing's run
Which comes out once a year, usually around.
I made seven figures a year.
Three foreign holidays in a year,
I do five or seven shows a year.
A year. On and off. I kinda thought we'd end uptogether. I don't anymore.
For as long as I can tell.
Instalments for a year.
A year? You're scaring her.
Only two people live there, all year round.
Somebody who spent a year at sea world raking in the bucks.
We spend most of the year on missions around the world.
Christmas decorations South of the North pole.
Constant traveling and I was never going to be Rused ski or Agassi.
Quarterly profits never be higher. My movies are smart and entertaining.
Wearing the same shit boots for over a year.
Living in a closet.
Wonderful any time of the year
A heat wave all year long.
The president gets approximately 1,400 threats a year.
No, listen five guys went missing a year ago.
A man and a woman in a loft a year ago.
A year ago everything was so clear.
Well, messy class action lawsuit about a year ago.
A year ago, a UFO crash landed in new Mexico.
A year ago, a UFO crash landed in new Mexico.
A year ago - no, two years 
Was it only a year ago.
A year ago not everyone thought that this little arrangement was gonna work out.
He was separated from his wife about a year ago but that's a bit far back to be a trigger.
I would have given anything to get this call a year ago.
She disappeared just over a year ago.
Over a year.
Almost a year ago $70 billion went through your husband's fund.
A year ago people asked whose campaign.
Transferred from GMP a year ago.
They closed like over a year ago.
They lost touch with him over a year ago.
They took her away over a year ago!
To embark on a pilot project one year ago,
A year ago, their leader, Aslan masklov, was assassinated.
A year ago they were promised pay raises, pension bumps,
His business went bankrupt about a year ago,
He suffered third degree burns over 54% of his body a year ago
Since last year,uh.
He and his wife Maryann were fixtures here a year ago.
He was picked up for robbery a year ago
There was a colleague he was seeing about a year ago,
A year ago he went missing and was never found. It's him. I know it. He's behind it.
He finished parole a year ago.
He got out of the game a year ago. He get religion?.
He put the transfer in about a year ago.
He's got a pin in his wrist from a shattered ulna about a year ago.
About a year ago, he brought his girlfriend there.
He started complaining that he was tired about a year ago.
And about a year ago, he got very, very sick.
A year ago, he walked on as a junior.
About a year ago he got a call telling him their mother died.
He moved in with me about a year ago.
Years ago he had this routine - that was another lie, wasn't it?
One year ago he killed 2 port authority cops,
His parents were killed by raiders a year ago.
His license was revoked a year ago for malpractice.
Until his helicopter was shot down by guerrilla forces a year ago.
A year ago he abandons Mexico
He gave it to me a year ago.
A year ago he was sent to Salvador to demolish a Vallejo drug plant.
A year ago he was sent to Salvador to demolish a Vallejo drug plant.
And about a year ago he unsealed his adoption record.
A year ago he cleaned out a couple of casinos in the Cayman islands.
A year ago, he started having problems with his memory.
Who just a year ago was standing in a bread line.
They killed pelagius a year past.
He was one of two pairs you hired a year ago
Is it true only a year ago you were a gardener?
You got busted for possession a year ago, isn't that right?
One year from now, where are you?
You stood me up a year ago!
Did you report a robbery at your wine warehouse a year ago?
The day you died, a year ago.
A year ago, you left the star gate program because of mental stress,
When I met with you a year ago, you said that
A year ago, if you'd have told me
And had you done this a year ago,
Year before, who'd you see? Where did you March?
A year ago, you say you're leaving for work.
A year ago, you say you're leaving for work.
A year ago you were a brigand in the woods.
A year ago you were washing my pots and pans.
A year ago, you were in a coma.
It closed a year ago. It's the only bank on the grid.
It closed a year ago.
It closed a year ago.It's the only bank on the grid.
And was bought from a Greek charter company just over a year ago.
Now, did something happen a year ago?
And I had been to iki the year before.
A year ago doc is fueling up for the Amazonas,
A year and a half ago we liked him for drug smuggling.
There was an accident about a year ago.
So what happened a year ago?
A year ago? Maybe.
A year maybe. Sooner if I get pregnant.
This colleague a year ago was she blonde?
We met a year ago when my accountant suggested
A year ago with Alan Ray field.
They moved back a year ago.
One arrest a couple years ago for stealing cars in Queens.
He just got out of sing sing a year ago for sexual assault.
She died in a car accident a year ago.
I've seen him once one year ago in Karachi.
About a year ago, in the paper, there was a story about the zodiac.
One year ago, I know you haven't die
Except for more than a year ago at the Tate modern?
We met in new York about a year ago at a party.
It was in Chicago about a year ago, at a private function sponsored by my firm.
A year ago, in Scotland. No！
Arrested one year ago in San Miguel, el Salvador.
My brother left a year ago
Happened right here in this forest a year ago.
A year or so ago.
For many of those bodies found in vacant row houses more than a year ago.
A year ago due to her drug abuse.
A year ago, five guys go missing,
He disappeared almost 12 months ago.
Disappeared a year ago, she was pregnant.
He died of maiaria about a year ago in one of the other camps.
He died of malaria about a year ago in one of the other camps.
Guy I know boned her a couple of times about a year ago while she was married to this cop.
About a year ago she was taken from school to Rams gate,
She broke with him about a year ago.
Since her brother died one year ago,
She was booked a year ago for solicitation?
She found it in the schoolyard about a year ago.
Tell me about it. She lost her husband the year prior.
She disappeared a year ago and we lost track of her.
She started seeing a therapist a year ago,
There was a rock climbing incident about a year ago
A year ago, she was headlining in Vegas.
She came to the cops a year ago. The date's here, you can have this.
About a year ago her condition got worse.
She called me up out of the blue said she'd moved back here about a year ago.
She was attacked and murdered in cold blood one year ago.
She was sent in a year ago to get close to the prince.
She was diagnosed about a year ago.
A year ago, she said she was going out.
A year ago, she died.
One year ago, if you'd asked me
Now， a year ago, this would have sat,
If I had someone older a year ago to help me
My mom divorced him a year ago,
To be married about 1 year ago?
A year ago this was probably submicroscopic in size.
I sent it like a year ago？
You know, there was a study done back in Michigan about a year or so ago.
A year earIier, Curtis had been superb
One year ago his holiness, Pope innocent III
I had a speech prepared for over a year.
A year ago exactly on this same night we were assembled here in this very room.
A year ago, right outside that cafe,
The right thing to do would have been to call a year ago.
And has sought our 'reject escape clinic' a year ago.
It was like this last year.
Had this photo for over a year, correct?
Some dude did the exact same thing a year ago.
It ended over a year ago.
It ended a year ago, and you have nothing to be sorry about.
Which was stolen a year ago and the reason I'm riding a bicycle in the first place.
You've known for about a year. Are you kidding me?
About a year ago almost to the day,
A year ago almost to the date.
Conceptualizing started about a year ago with some art work that was done.
Who was cutting my grass a year ago
They stopped talking to each other a year ago.
It opened to blaze of publicity a year ago,
When we started this a year ago,
Oh, I remember a year ago when "have a film critics meeting" was code for let's do it on your desk.
One of fletcher's aliases conned
So when you installed the wire a year ago,
She took me in a year ago when I had no where to go.
When I asked you to tell me what you knew a year ago,
A year ago, the cornucopia of fruits and vegetables and other things
A year ago, lntelligence gets reorganized, I stop getting orders.
A year ago, I gave upon looking for him.
A year ago, I gave upon looking for him. There were so many other kids.
I hired you a year ago despite your drunkenness!
I lost a 6 - iron a year ago.
I did a gig about a year ago for this company called security associates.
A year ago, I jet down to Miami, the Sodom of the South,
About a year ago, I was up at the farm. Remember?
We tried an intervention a year ago a bunch of us from work,
We quietly put him out to pasture a year ago.
The year before it had seemed war with Germany had been averted,
When we started here a year ago
When we showed up at the scene a year ago,
He went underground about a year ago.
A year ago we get pregnant, finally.
We started this study a year ago.
We should have done this years ago.
A year ago we got a super computers and stores
Do you think a year ago today we were having this same conversation?
I mean a year ago we had hill we had that guy who saved Reagan.
Which we couldn't separate a year ago, right?
A year ago we'd be looking at two men with their caps set for the white house.
12 months ago this bank was city central's lowest - performing branch in the downtown quarter.
A year ago, I would've run, but not anymore!
Blew my knee out a year ago.
A little over a year ago I had surgery.
And that was a year ago when for three and a half weeks, I worked as your secretary.
cause when I first started with American eagle realty a year ago,
I went to Auschwitz a year ago.
I called round for her about a year ago, but no - one answered.
A year ago I'd visit him,
A year ago, I was just another orange county surfer 
I broke up with him a year ago.
A year ago I would've agreed with you.
About a year ago when Byron and I were split up,
A year ago, I came home to find my wife stabbed.
I saw her on a short hop about a year ago.
I used to be over at bridge division
I've had my spot in Barbados over a year now.
I saw it in the June vogue a year ago.
A year ago, I was managing a Kinkos.
One year ago, I met them in American
Where were you when Harold lost his job a year ago, huh?
A year ago my hair was a little longer,
A year ago my mother was diagnosed with cancer.
I mean I questioned her a year ago, and in five minutes,
I've had my spot in Barbados over a year now.
I wanted to do this a year ago,
I kicked him out a year ago.
I thought this guy was dirty a year ago,
I thought this guy was dirty a year ago and now it's happened again.
I said it a year ago,
Now, ABO year ago, I took a guy out.
I helped him unseal his record a year ago.
About a year ago I opened the newspaper and there he is.
See, a year ago I captured one of them.
I followed Chau Siu Chee for one year
She took me in a year ago when l had no where to go.
L used to teach at UC San Diego years ago. She came for her master `s.
A year ago, I had a husband, friends and a life.
I was here a year ago.
A year ago I found out had this thing.
A year ago, I had no dragons.
A year ago, I was involved with a woman who broke my heart when she chose someone else
My parents sold their beach house a year ago.
A year ago, I was myself intensely miserable.
About a year ago, my partner at the Bureau was killed.
I had a health scare about a year ago.
My son started volunteering here about a year ago,
Only a year ago, my alternative magazine "the post modern review".
A year ago, I'm standing in line at the Medicaid.
A year ago, I was doing exactly what you're doing.
I had my first art show a year ago, which was good.
So a year ago, I got my first art Commission
About a year ago, I gave a German patrol a safe conduct.
I assisted Taylor about a year ago.
A year ago I made a goal to get in the top three.
About a year ago, I open up the paper and there he is.
A year ago, my wife and I had twin baby girls.
A year ago I was tricked into admitting a pig. I was made a fool of.
I got dumped about a year ago.
I filed for divorce a year ago.
A year ago, I met a man who was down on his luck
One year ago, I say I want him gone.
I was in the exact same situation a year ago.
About a year ago my mum and I were at the mall.
A year ago, I was stalking a man who wanted nothing to do with me,
I first met Kenny Griffin a year ago
When I interviewed you a year ago now,
A year, longer.
About a year ago.
Threw a rock through a window a year ago.
About a year ago. Wedding invitations.
She moved to Seattle a year ago.
Moved in about a year ago.
A year ago the rector was indicted for pedophilia.
It was one year ago that the Turner prize - winning artist,
I met him years ago at the cardinal of Strasbourg's court.
A left leg was stolen off a body a year ago
There was this one night, 1 years ago.
A year ago this Syrian woman comes to me 
About a year ago, somebody filed a complaint with HR on your behalf.
There's someone missing in Seattle over a year ago.
We had an informant come forward a year ago
A year ago some fucker smashed a rock into his head.
He came to Hong Kong a year ago
About a year ago some radical group had his car bombed.
A year ago, that bitch of a principal expelled me
He died a year ago of colon cancer.
One year ago, motel rooms  bleach, ammonia, trash bags 
Fell in love years ago with an innocent girl
It was one year ago that the Turner prize - winning artist,
A year ago, on the highway.
Got an article written a year ago.
Made detective a year ago March.
What, over a year ago?
It was year ago,
It  was a year ago. I can't remember.
It was year ago went through a rough time needed to get away.
a year ago today 
It was one year ago today,
One year age today, whether by dumb luck
One year ago today, whether by dumb luck or uncompromising skill, you bested me.
One year ago today, your entire family was slaughtered.
Where were you a year ago on this date?
'a year ago today... You remembered.'
One year ago today, you had n't even met me.
One year ago today almost to the minute,
A year ago today. Our first kiss.
We had agreed that you would take a year off
A year ago today, I shot that man.
A year ago today, Lonny died.
The first hijack attempt in the United States in more than a year.
Exactly a year ago today, this man here started the finest restaurant in London.
It was one year ago tonight, on new year's Eve, when I first saw you.
Seattle Washington one year ago
Double homicide a year ago. No convictions.
April 9th one year ago,
A year ago Christmas,
It was exactly one year ago that the building you see.
It's a year tomorrow.
They rioted so badly a year ago,
Because she drove drunk one night a year ago?
Case about a year ago, right? Killed a paramedic.
A year ago tonight,
They rioted so badly a year ago, the guards pulled out,
Forget about the mistake you made a year ago.
I just wish I had the chance about a year ago. 
Men who were broken only a year before.
The divorce was final a year ago.
While reefs that were replanted a year ago
His visa lapsed a year ago.
James Miller who broke out of prison last year,
Married about a year.
She committed suicide over a year ago.
She committed suicide a year ago.
Killed a year ago by one of his marks.
It was picked up by her sister a year ago
The police cataloged it a year ago.
An emergency room visit a year ago.
A year ago the police were called to your house 
Who beat up your husband a year ago?
He escaped from a gulag
Were a bunch of street magicians
A year ago, those men would have been fighting federales.
The gun turns up in new York, a year later.
The gun turns up in new York a year later.
Now, a year ago this would have sat for about a week
Last year, Seattle grace was the residency match you dreamed of getting.
A year? Wasn't the project started to catch him?
Came in a year ago status post fall
I had a run in with him about a year ago.
About a year ago, Lucy was in a terrible car accident.
A year ago it's really horribIe. 
A year ago. Guest of honor.
A year ago a tornado ripped through a cemetery near Tulsa.
one year... Seventeen years... You hold on.
100,000 tons a year.
In a year with 13 moons
Turning out 10 cover stories a year
I was deployed ten months of the year.
Graduate in two and a half years.
A year and a half ago,
Year and a half ago you were one of those doctors.
I was in high school a year and a half ago.
It was a year and a half it just happened once.
A year and a half ago the heat, was on and I had to take it on the Lam.
A year and a half later she's fighting
Somewhere else for a year and half then moved.
A year and a half later denied,
About a year and a half.
Year and a half. Year and a half?
It's been 18 months. Wow.
Been a year and a half, you gonna catch this fucking guy or not?
A year and a half? So he was like your serious boyfriend?
I think these should cover everyone who's been in residence here for the last year and a half.
Year and a half ago.
Up until a year and a half ago he worked for the government.
They teamed up a year and a half ago.
About a year and a half ago.He moved in after his mother died.
About a year and a half ago, we busted his brother for carjacking.
A year and a half ago you were about to go belly - up and lose your house.
Got out a year and a half ago, but he's been clean since.
A year ago inteIIigence gets reorganized, I stop getting orders.
And that she got picked up 18months later on a drug charge.
A year and a half later she's fighting for the championship of the world,
A year and a half later she's fighting for the championship of the world.
After a year and a half it's almost in the basement.
A year and a half later, I still wasn't working.
It was a year and a half before the United States army tracked them down
For a year and a half you've known.
In a year and a half，we haven't had one fight.
Who broke up with her a year and a half ago?
Went missing 18 months ago.
Uh, because she had an accident about 18 months ago.
She walked into my nursery a year and a half ago.
It was impressive a year and a half ago,
She hasn't let me in the bathroom for the past year and a half.
I lost my husband a year and a half ago.
I came to France a year and a half ago with my boyfriend from Cincinnati.
Came down here on a coffee boat.
I started the vitamin company about a year and a half ago. It's just taken off.
Bought some land in the desert a year and a half ago.
Died in a car accident a year and a half ago, leaving her and a 10 - year - old daughter.
Granted a six - month tourist visa. That was a year and a half ago.
That's a long time.
A year and a half? But you said people would see me.
Eligible for parole in 18 months.
Parole after 18 months.
A year and a half later, we finished the record.
A year and a haIf later, she's fighting for the championship of the worId.
I will have my PhD in a year and a half,
They found her body down in Mexico 18 months later.
Year and a half? possible.
Haven't slept with a man in over a year and a half.
Out in a year and a half.
A year and a half more or less.
A year? six months? What happens when you're 16 and you go to green?
18 months. They'll have to go.
A year and a half? Damn.
In time of a year and a half I took good care of and lived with only her.
A year and a half is a really long time.
Been watching his back for 18 months. I know him pretty good.
Do you know what it's like to have 18 of your own friends
Then a year and a half of undercover investigation would have been you know wasted.
Those one and a half years of business school are finally paying off.
A year and a half had passed in what dad called "suspended animation".
A year and a half and he just.
That is a long time to be inside.
That's been in our apartment for over a year and a half
A year and a half, and it's the first time she's even had it looked at.
And then a year and a half back injury.
Don't return any of her calls for a year and a half.
A year and a half? How is that possible?
Stop by twice a year.
Couple times a year.
And a year became two years.
For years and for generations now.
Over and over, it must have been maybe a year, l don't know.
Year after year, he saved every penny in shoe boxes.
Year after year after year.
As the years go by, we're gonna always be arguing
So in years past, we have seen contestants bring their brothers or sisters
Why, for year after year I've put up with it now!
All year long I give big companies a hard time,
Years and years. So?
Year after year sleeping in his bed.
And years and years and years would go by as he's crying wolf.
The way it creeps up on you bit by bit and year by year,
In one year and three months.
A year is not forever. How much can a person change?
What's a year? Give it a shot.
A year into 20 and pretty soon, you're taking me off the respirator,
They only have it like two times a year.
They only make 11 of them a year.
And then one day a year, we'll separate the plastic.
We get 52 of these dinners each year.
And less than 10,000 dead people a year
It appears that once or twice a year
And it happens once a year.
I only allow myself one binge a year.
It only docks in Mexico twice a year.
Terrible twos at one year.
And only very few hours in the year that they are coming to life.
They represent only half of one percent of all missing cases per year.
The time that's only once a year.
They only bloom a few weeks a year
It only breeds twice a year. Did you know yoget scoliosis
He can only come back a few times a year.
Have 50 dollar One year.
As I can only see him once a year.
Only pulled two or three scams a year
Designs ten rings a year using the finest gold.
To the tune of $500 million a year.
A lot can change in a year.
One for every night of the year.
That's millions of dollars a year.
A year shows progress, three years would show much more
A year. Maybe.
A real downpour may happen only once a year,
A year, longer. Try to keep it to phone calls.
That's worth about $40 billion a year.
That adds up to several metric tons a year, sir.
One year later. Dec 24, 4:00 pm
A year later, on the fifteenth of June.
No way, they've never met before. It's obvious.
A year from now？ two years？ three years?
Never mind a year she was somewhere else.
And a year later when he left my mom and moved in with his trainer
A year later he died for stroke. Lt happened during a night March.
He was still helping her a year later.
They came back a year later, and it recognized them.
A year later, they have cherry.
First year out, they sent us on this particular job. The two Catholics, are you with me?
And within a year have a child.
He swallowed these scissors a year later.
A year later, he died for stroke. It happened during a night March.
A year from now, and he's done.
He died about a year later.
A year later he took me to his cottage.
He broke abstinence after a year, but returned to treatment and drying out.
He died a year later.
He died a year later in prison.
They released him after 1 year, right? What does he do?
A year later, the film in Florida still hadn't been picked up.
In a year's time you may be qualified for a co-pilot with hell service
Come back in a year and you will find this planet transformed.
And then you divorced him a year later.
In a year, you'll get another chance for the other side to be a pure spirit.
Where will you be a year from now
A year from now, you're going to adopt a kid
Come back to this lady in a year's time,
A year from now you come to new York,
A year from now you'll either be promoting your agenda for the nation.
Is you on a swing in a public park a year later,
After which time we're even. That's it. It's very simple.
You came back a year later with another woman's son.
In exactly a year, you'll apply for the termination of my guardianship.
In exactly a year you apply for getting my guardianship terminated.
Reappeared one year later as a major crime Lord.
Saw him about a year later. Some scarring, bit of a limp.
Come back one year.
A Ietter to myself to be sent in a year.
In a year then.
And then a year later a tiny bit more of a worm.
And come back again a year later and do it over again.
Joan came along a year later.
A year later the quraysh broke the truce by attacking one of Muhammad's allies.
Ln a year, maybe?
I come home after a year and dad is dead.
We can come back pick up where we left off.
In a year his mind as well.
At the end of that year she 'II come home.
And then one year she did.
A year later she's just got one leg from diabetes.
She died within a year.
And she came back a year later with a baby and crippled.
And the following year her beloved and drunken father died.
And a year later she's gone, this place is standing,
But a year later, and she's still taking days off to mourn the guy?
Not until next year will it return to its birthplace,
One year later. I'm sorry.
After one year a survey takes place,
Then after a year it finally becomes.
A year later just before Christmas,,,
Job went cold after a year.
A year later here we were. Right here.
When a department collapsed a year later,
I'd like to see him again in about a year, though.
The very next year, I met Charlotte.
Only took another year for a bullet to catch up to me.
And one year later,= that's exactly what we did.
We won't wanna be anywhere near the beach a year from now.
A year from now, we'll see.
We will review the case in one year's time
In a year we'll be divorced,
After one year, we decided to get married.
I'll be back in a year.
A year later, I was paying off the mortgage,
A year Iater I got my stripes. I went home to see my mom and my brothers.
A year later, I'm back in trouble - kill somebody else?
About a year later, l'm driving this couple around.
I come home and find daddy dead
I`ll come see you in a year!
A year later, I married your mother and we had you.
I'm starting high school in a year.
I resigned from the employ of the United States government
So l can get you an hair salon after a year.
And I was sent up a year later, you know.
I felt this love one year back and only now do l believe it.
A year later I got my stripes. I went home to see my mom and my brothers.
A year later, I reach into my mailbox.
No, and then one year, I was raggedy Ann,
A year later I'm in the 46 - hour hell week mud caked over every inch of my body.
I'll have his job in a year.
l was a year in. I thought I was cruising.
I was a year in. I thought I was cruising.
A year from now, I'm still gonna be looking.
Okay, then a year later I went away to college and I hurt ruby.
I asked her about it years later and that was the signal,
What's it gonna be like next year or in five years?
And in about a year, maybe longer,
And why they started up again.
Their bodies were found a year Iater.
Does she wait one year and let Vera drown in the tub?
One year later, the rescue team found Xiao liang's body.
This e-mail to arrive in a year
A year Iater, severaI extremists are tried, found guiIty and executed.
Somebody does my job for me.
A year later, Tom Buchanan of Chicago swept in and stole her away.
A year later, nobody remembered how it all started.
Parents died a year later... Highway collision.
A year after that recyclops really began to take shape.
Janet divorced stanIey reames a year Iater.
One year later and still going strong
A full year, the field collapses, and that.
And a year later here we are.
Think what a year can bring.
Before victory was secured a year later.
One year to the day Mount Mariah erupted burying the invaders beneath
And a year later you look like a Parisian.
Check back with me in a year
Married a year later. No kids.
The year after a fisherman found this.
They release him after one year?
See you in a year.
A year later the belzers adopted him,
It comes back a week later and a dallas policeman suddenly finds a palm print?
That one year later, when the bird was officially declared a new species,
A year later the spacecraft released its Huygens probe.
A year? You can go ahead even.
Uh, a year, but if I do really well it could be longer.
About a year. Oh, then you should know better.
A year and... The boy?
One year, Harry. You beat me by one year.
A year? Don't talk to him for a whole year?
How many times a year? I've never counted.
Four, five, six times a year.
Sort of thing one can wear with anything to any occasion.
Christmas lights up all out of season.
Seasons of the year declared their life rhythm.
No matter the season, supper was served promptly at 5:30.
No matter the season, supper was served promptiy at 5:30.
All the time.
All year round
Yeah, well, all four of them.
They make ice all year.
Four times a year, I'm everybody's best friend.
Sixty thou a year domestic.
One year... At an Arizona country club.
The year ended with fine weather.
A year? Before it fades?
Well, three months out of the year in Minneapolis.
A year with the U. N. Peacekeepers in Sudan.
That would be slightly over a million in one year, so they have to do that for three years.
And one summer a hen died
And then one summer this freak tornado took out a bunch
And she sat me down at that piano one summer when I came in from the fields.
Travels about 200 days of the year
And in a year I'll be dead.
For over a year.
It's been more than a year,
Over a year now.
More than a year.
One more year. We have so much time,
For over a year - privacy issues.
A little over a year ago.
Over a year goes by. - right.
Served a year for ski resort vandalism.
For over a year, I've been living in motel rooms.
For more than a year everything was fine.
He died over a year ago.
Live over there the brown door about a year back.
You killed her family a little over a year ago.
In Copenhagen a few years ago.
You spoke to me on the phone a year or so ago.
We were supposed to decorate her bedroom a year or so ago,
A year and a bit ago I was flabby overweight and it grieves me to say so deeply unattractive.
Little over a year ago, I was approached about.
Just over a year ago cancer.
From a gunshot wound he suffered more than a year ago.
Bonnie had moved to new York for the teaching job.
Over a year. Maybe a year and a half.
$20,000 extra a year and a bump in rank.
Nearly 200 canvases in just over a year.
Been working these mutilation kidnappings for over a year.
For over one year already they are on the hunt for the notorious cheater - gene,
For over a year yelling at everyone in uniform who came in.
Away from my wife and baby almost a year.
We had to have an extra phone line installed 
I traveled over a year in search of you
For a year now, I've been sleeping on the floor of my cell.
Month after month， for over a year,
Some paperwork for the first time in over a year.
If she knew he hasn't been published in over a year?
Stopped keeping in touch over a year, that's bad.
I haven't spoken to her in over a year
A little more than a year.
A year it's been since he's alone
From them for over a year.
It's been over a year
You're now a grown up
And they all move about 10,000 pairs a yea well, that's no good.
Maybe four or five times a year.
Maybe 100 a year for close to 40 years.
Roughly 150 performances a year, plus.
Who spins like twice a year including tomorrow night
One year! All right, Chon.
A year. Okay.
If the annual pay is not over 1 million I won't consider
All with a combined one year survival rate of under 15%.
Make it through your year of probation you'll be a cop, and they'll respect you.
A year's a short time in government.
You paid a million dollars to be able to fire me any time you want?
Well, it's the one time of year we get along.
Once a year no more.
For a few weeks of the year they were picked and transported
We can bring the money back in one year
That`s 1095 a year.
Is 1095 apples a year.
That's $300 for the whole year. Will that be sufficient?
It's the time it takes the earth to make a full revolution around the sun.
A year? So we're not talking about
He visited us once or twice a year.
That alone will save this department nearly 4% a year.
Because he shoots and distributes his own porno flicks.
They threw him out... Disruptive influence.
That's over $200 a year.
At the time of year ending, life ending!
Just one perfect day a year.
It's one night out of the year.
Oh, it's one day of the year, warden.
It's that special time of year
We only have a few days each year. 
Well, another year goes by.
50 weeks a year.
How much fun is it being an actor, working one week a year?
One year away.
A year or so. I don't know.
I think that was the year. And just driving 
Well, I gross 200K a year.
I have average about forty a year,
Drinks about 38 pints of pure alcohol a year.
We're gonna get older every year.
Every mile and every year
I carried them over from one year to the next.
That's a lot of trauma for one year.
Any time of the year
Any time of the year 
In the biggest party season of the year
But there are 52 weeks in the year, ma 'am,
A year goes by fast. The world won't collapse.
The year will fly by. I'll be home next Christmas.
And a year is long.
A year on he's now able to speak and can even drive himself to the hospital,
The prisoner may re-apply after one calendar year.
L deal with a lot of novices like you
Year's almost over. Thank you, Jesus.
How do you measure a year in the life?
It happens once or twice a year.
It costs like $49 a year.
He kills a dozen people a year.
A year's a hell of a lot better than forever.
A year's a hell of a lot better than forever.
We'll be 2,000 in a year.
We took the kids one year to the Renaissance Festival.
Only time we can get the family together.
A year? Am I going to see you, though?
I work ten months out of the year. More if I want to.
A year? I mean, a year's a really long time to not even.
I'll give you $5 million a year -
So that 's - one year's gotten me here let's see what another year does
A year? I don't give 'em to the end of the block.
A year, two years，how long?
Year and a half to check for polyps.
A year, two years from now
Deep underground for a year or more,
Who just paid your rent for a year? What did you just say?
Than I've had from my other classes all year.
It's only one day out of the year.
It only happens once a year, and then they die.
Our birthday comes once a year. And you ask for a hockey mask.
He'll be back within a year.
70 hours a week.
She makes 30 grand a year.
A current that moves a few centimeters a year.
And we only get to see them once a year,
We`re allowed to see each other three times a year,
But l just make thousands of money a year
Well, it only happens once a year.
A year? I'm sorry. Are you out of your mind?
You gave back a million dollars a year? Yeah.
Two thousand gallons a year.
As the huge mass of water built up behind the dam year after year,
And worth two and a half thousand a year.
The first year of marriage flies by.
It was a year,
Half a year at home and in the hospital.
A year simply isn't enough time to determine long - term behavior.
A year is one revolution around our sun,
A year tops.
24 times a year you come storming into my office spouting that you can help someone.
To be out on the road 300 days a year with those idiots
There are 31,530,000 seconds in a year.
West Texas sun shining down about 330 days a year.
Upwards to 4,000 or 5,000 a year.
Five extra vacation days a year.
8,000 child abuse neglect investigations a year.
1 0,000 a year and he owns half of Derbyshire.
Two weeks out of the year up to my arise in swamp water in Louisiana.
We used to play about 200 dates.
Having a bloated body nine months a year for six years.
Each year has 24 climatic periods.
With 5,000 a year it would not matter if he had warts.
Five thousand a year! - really?
For more than a year.
As 80 feet of snow a year.
A couple dozen people a year
A couple dozen people a year make undirected kidney donations.
How many people do the Marines turn down every year? thousands.
Many accidents happened here？
How many patients die a year?
How many secretaries do you know that make 80 grand a year?
How long in the year are you getting strawberries?
That's over three million a year.
In the 1 year bond, which would give you 98.84
1 year bond, pays off in yellow.
1 year bond that pays 106 in these two cases.
Comes in twice a year,
You'd been lying to your wife for a year
For almost a year, your husband and I
You ride with me nearly every day for a year and you don't even think to mention it?
Deafer I find since a year ago
You haven't had a visitor or even a phone call in over a year.
All the monks had him do was slap water in a barrel for a year.
How many trips per year?
For a year NSA has been tracking calls.
She's been making weekly cash deposits for about a year now.
For a year the media and this entire city
Within a year there were fires on the ridges.
With you for a year but I'm very shy.
We had not spoken in over a year.
I've been clean for a year. Right?
Well, I've been investigating you for nearly a year.
But I've been talking to architects for a year looking for someone to design my kitchen,
I have been wandering for the past year in search of the ocean.
For years I have watched as you've checked out book after book after book
You know all year I just wanted to sit with my mom..
A year now, I got to be in my house with the shades drawn.
I wrote you every day for a year.
A single memory of the year where I apparently liked you.
I prayed every night for almost a year and then God delivered these darts to me.
I've been picking up from Harry for over a year.
I spent the past year wondering if I'd ever see earth again,
This has been amazing.
First family breakfast in over a year.
I'm in new York five times a year.
Isn't it funny that for a year the police can't find a weapon,
For a year the team has voyaged across the world
Discuss the concept in light of the analysis made during the year
Europe, America and back always soaking in the ocean
500 deaths a year. Know why?
Got bigger and bigger year after year.
It just gets better and better, you know?
Smaller and smaller each year.
That seriously gets funnier every year.
Looking more beautiful as every year passes.
Gets soggier every year.
Gets harder every year. Good left hook, though.
Gets harder every year.
Each one more decadent than the last.
And hasn't paid his secretary for a year.
I haven't kissed you for a year. You have great improvement.
A year off work.
Almost a year since we've all been in the same room together.
Hasn't been a tenant for nearly a year.
Not for almost a year.
A year without salt, and new Bern will be a ghost town.
Didn't speak for an entire year.
Haven't talked to in like a year,
4,000 people go missing a year.
Two thousand gallons a year.
Cleaning the tank twice a year won't kill you!
Burns 3 people annually.
A year? So then what?
Two years of contract, let`s draft it now, okay?
1 year they discount by delta 2 years discount by delta squared
The 12, 000 marks a year?
Of junior college after only one year.
A year on the circuit, save some money,
Two weeks out of the year
A year without news.
With a year's supply of beer and night crawlers.
That's a sixth of the year.
What a difference a year makes.
Uh, one year unlimited backstage pass 
For a year's work.
And it's worth like one week's salary for every year worked.
One year's salary? Why, that's more than $5,000.
A year at Stanford and a semester at the Sorbonne.
It was the one year hump that was the tough part.
In a year he'd be a household name.
Which is how long it'll take for mom to stop being mad at us.
A year is a long time, fellows.
In one year, I've proven that the machine
A year's subscription to guns 
For about a year.
A year of parties and premieres is a
A year abroad.
How much is the rent for the year?
Almost a year.
One year probation
One year probation for failing to report
One year of farming ends up like this!
States for an entire year.
Tonight the family is asking for privacy as they come to terms with the sad ending to a year - long mystery,
A year of cuts kills us,
His one - year probationary period as an LAPD officer.
A one - year vocational program where you learn to bang on doors
For all their hard work.
This time of year, they're not spraying.
It's that time of year.
It gets frozen this time of year.
Took a year off came back killed a socialite.
One year in jail five years probation.
A year is better than nothing.
A year in prison or roll the dice with a verdict?
You must have saved a lot of money then.
Ls it really 2,000 men for a whole year?
A year goes by fast. The world won't collapse.
And hadn't slept in a bed in more than three years.
One year community service, three year probation.
And one fall, the birds were feasting on it.
I was there one autumn when the leaves were turning.
Two tuxes in one year, who would've thought?
A year? Pratically forever.
Some 3.5 billion in paper wealth vanished in a year.
First grade. First grade!
I can't remember anything before the first grade
First. - you know, in my experience,
Does your shit school put frosh on the varsity squad?
No, first grade! Yeah, first grade.
Pledge of allegiance to my first graders?
First grader Gertrude。 trinke and her father, Oliver.
A room full of first graders here.
Little first grade kid? How should I know?
First graders, they can be pretty tough.
So, like what? Did you have a totally slutty first grade?
Left back in the first grade.
Dropped out freshman year,
Doing his first year for the third time.
Since first grade.
The first year associate's primary job
Happy first grade.
Where's the first year class? Straight, then left.
Where is the first year classroom? Why?
Freshmen aren't allowed to have cars.
My freshman year,
There was this time in first grade.
His mother hanged herself when he was in the first grade.
Freshman year you tried to go queen bee
First grade they gave me an achievement test.
Well, there was something back in the first grade.
The first grade, and it was the worst day of my life.
She's a freshman.
Your first - graders are going to be, like,
First year? Yes.
First - year students will have the opportunity to sing publicly twice.
In first year?
First years down here!
Any first - year medical student will tell you that.
Any first - year student would know that.
I guess that rules out the first graders.
Freshman in a sophomore course?
First year.
Who took advantage of Jordan
I've been your best friend since the first grade.
Freshman year. I was on the varsity. Point guard.
First year， There are seven secret passageways.
Summer after my freshman year,
Organic chemistry in my freshman year.
AII freshman year biology,
Enrolled in the first year for the third time
Eliza Ramirez says she feels alienated from her own homeroom.
Where is the first year classroom?
Freshmen year 1st semester newscaster.
English one.
Freshman year, locker room.
Freshman English, four classes about 150 students in all.
The freshman girls thought l was their age.
That's one year. That's net.
A year? Natalie, I can't wait another year.
All the trains that pass through grand central station in a year,
Making $35,000 a year,
One year probation, 200 hours community service.
One year probation. No jail time.
One year probation, no jail time.
It's only been a year.
For one year, it's totally doable!
Just for a year, to see if it's possible.
Anyway, it's only for a year
I'm lucky if I move a case a year.
I'd be lucky to eat maybe one, two souls a year.
You go through six housekeepers a year?
Hundreds in a year.
But you must make 60-70 grand a year?
You make $7,125,000 a year?
Produce millions of offspring in a year,
Up to 320 million dollars a year.
Bred 200 times a year 
At least once a year.
Pay for graffiti removal ? 50 million a year.
One bad year and I'd be out of it.
That's $2 million a year we don't have.
Dozens die every year
This inquirer that is costing you $1 million a year?
And most meet too many people in a given year to remember them all.
Once or twice a year.
You see twice a year.
A year make him out a two
A year? Refresh my memory. Haven't you heard of the sexual revolution?
I talk to them once a year.
A year, thank you very much. Period of earth - one year.
Earning millions of dollars a year lying to judges,
Make $100,000 a year.
Making 750 grand a year eating at the palm.
You earn few millions a year how about me?
Just the same over 200 skins in one year and we're out.
Easy half mil a year. You say yes,
A year has passed.
A year went by 18 months.
And a year has gone by
As in years past,
About two - thirds of the way through the year.
A year has passed and the two bear cubs have beaten the odds.
One year has gone by. We haven't earned a single dollar.
A year has passed. I'm a little older and a little wiser.
A year passed. I worked at the Korean commissary serving drinks for tips.
And then he can be the big fish in the world's smallest pond.
It just goes faster and faster every year.
Less than one murder a year?
I can't believe a year went by so fast.
No one's going to make it through sunshine pass this time of year.
Over their whole year of feeding
For a year? Where was he going all that time?
One year in county, three years' probation.
Not even a year has past,
Within a year, she got sick.
With fruit growing all year round, this is indeed a paradise for birds.
It hasn't been touched in a year.
I haven't talked to you in over a year,
Since she ran away from that rehab gran paid for.
The year's already over?
51 weeks out of the year, I let you run around like a monkey in a banana factory.
Fishing is now banned for two months of the year
Happens twice a year, his parents leave town he throws a big party and he gets busted.
For a year, which they can't find.
You haven't seen your little business camp friends in a year,
Had the civil war over in one year.
The only time when men open their shut - up hearts
Most of the year it doesn't rain at all.
Had the seas to themselves for most of the year.
This is the single most important day of our year.
For a year we wondered where he went.
I get maybe two,three wins a year.
Taking him out of the house once or twice a year is an accomplishment.
What happens when you got 406 homicides in a calendar year.
Biggest sales day of the year. I'm getting a flat - screen TV, believe that.
The most wonderful time of the year celebrates a lie.
Busy time of year.
It's only the most important day of the year.
Pissing on my lap for 30 days out of the year,
It's underwater like nine months out of the year.
Make life so tough that these bristle cones
The first snow of the year comes
At this time of year, some lion prides base themselves around waterholes,
Lovely at this time of year.
This time of year sucks so I take my nunchaks
Through ten assistants a year and doesn't return
Six to eight inches a year, which means that
It became a desert in one year?
Harder and harder each year - here you go, two for you.
She's been at the company for the last 14 months.
And nine days.
One year and 26 days
For a year and five months.
20 months of imprisonment,
A year? The program? Your own daughter?
Buy them together. Buy them separately. Smile. What's the matter with you?
No voice of objection has been raised.
No voice of objection has been raised.
I can put that in two thousand dollars.
Along with her life.
And get your movie trending. I'm getting a little nauseous.
And the Jewish guards arrested Jesus.
Wardrobe have been banned from the school.
To beat the observers.
Gets run over.
To include a count of wrongful death.
We have some strong ideas once we get over there.
And her family, as well.
It stops by in one place and moves to another with each breezing.
Immediately after the inauguration of the factory.
Only one snake in the bed. Yes.
Is no.2 back?
One on top and another one under me.
A blanket. Some medicine.
All 500 thread counts of Egyptian cotton.
The whole nine yards passports l have a problem
Whatever your preference. I don't want to know. Well, I would use.
Everything we need?
And on demand.
You should eat something.
$10,000 dollars per unit base, $2000 for each winning increment.
One magazine. Four hundred feet of unexposable.
One the base is his constant rebirth into innocence, you know,
Business owner. Father of dragon warrior.
A garbage heap of unrealized dreams and plans.
For a time they tried to patch things up together.
For a second there, I thought you were dead.
I thought she might still be alive.
Imagine myself to be in love with him.
That you've stopped writing.
Who had a history of addiction.
Now ice that one that you and actually used to,
Once went several weeks without sleeping.
Did in fact at one point remove his yellow bracelet.
A once - thriving metropolis now half a mile under the sea.
For a while, uh, she wanted, I don't know,
Of intelligent, mechanical beings.
He was frothing at the mouth at one point.
At one point, she actually became so convinced
A pigment that was once quite precious.
At one point, I thought she was up.
For a while, I thought I might have it in me.
And for a time, I almost had a chance.
At one time I wouldn't have been allowed to come in here because I wasn't part of the market.
For a moment I didn't think you'd come.
The priesthood that had presided over its rituals lost its power.
There was a time when the whole world belonged to us.
Once the object of patronizing scorn of her colleagues,
Once a loyal member of Mrs. Thatcher's praetorian guard,
And it was one of the best.
Once stood for something.
And what once looked normal seems insane.
Even considered the priesthood at one time, correct?
Once all - powerful, and now with a consuming hatred for your country.
At some point.
Once there were no two hearts so open,
Once was a living human
First degree burns,
A mistake of one degree and we'll be off 600 leagues.
A once carefully groomed soccer field now grows wild.
Had some kind of mental break.
A place once thought by mainstream scientists
Listed as a missing person.
That may have been repressed or buried.
The vast stretches that were once known as "junk".
Was once thought of as uniquely human.
Once considered abc to be a genuine planet,
A man thought to be dead,
I used to cherish it.
Were tracking these guys at one point.
Traffic blocked.
The once - ailing Hubble space telescope.
Once filled with pure white doves.
The one once named Lucifer in heaven
A 15th century castle 
Sits the 15 - floor contemporary resort.
If you have err three square meters of pond for one tiger prawn,
A two - story Stetson with outdoor Ding on the brim.
A country villa where pleasure was mathematically constructed.
A paradise on earth.
Built a what? A Babylon.
A what? The house.
A temple to pure, just and absolute monarchy.
And pyramids for human sacrifice!
A city named for that glorious bird,
A church where anyone.
It's an old cemetery from the Etruscan time.
A dormant volcano! With lava!
A dormant volcano and Hawaii's tallest mountain.
They're walking volcanoes.
Book, or a painting, or a
A great city, a great country.
A great work of architecture and sculpture, 
A London terminus was often designed to accommodate what its railway transported.
One in Teotihuacan
A temple to immortalise the soul of a Pharaoh.
A garage?
A completely hypothetical mountain that could represent anything.
A palace like yours. That's easy?
Town full of scumbags.
Rabbit rehabilitation.
An eight - sided central church rising into a spire, hemmed in by eight smaller churches.
A quaint little town nestled at the corner of life.
A quaint little town,
A city that rose again.
The farm!
An iceberg, broke off from an ice shelf.
A human iceberg, the original fish - eye.
An ice sculpture.
And the ice city that has sprung up all around
An icy mountain peak,
An immense fortress that would crush their enemies and revolutionize castle - building in Britain.
A house divided can't.
A building every bit is iconic as the one that we're so familiar with.
A University,
It's a deadly mountain.
After another.
The factories. The sight of work being done of things being made.
A bridge of light, I walk onto it.
In a sea of sentimental flop.
An ancient temple and Burial ground, a sacred graveyard.
An ancient church and Bradshaw was mesmerized.
An ancient British edifice which had been covered by the shifting sands for centuries.
An ancient palace whose very name inspired awe
A tumults tomb dating back to 3200 BC,
What is a suspension bridge?
The most vulnerable parts of a suspension bridge
Called the sun tower.
Do with the kind of city it was - again, the port of Rome, a commercial city.
An international hotel.
Down a library with a friend trapped inside.
One around the Verrazano - narrows bridge,
A city may be won by blood.
There was a small town built up around a castle,
Maintenance of a hold fast
On the hill stands a castle
A fort rises high against the sky.
A city, a society, a civilization.
The loss of a city.
One city to save an entire species.
A city across the sea
We should have at least one block in one city, right?
A tower, a bridge or a house.
One tower, two towers
One tower stored and processed grain, another housed the Treasury.
There's a tower and a bell, and a garden below.
A model of a breathtaking skyscraper.
An ancient Hawaiian temple. We have to wait for the Kahu
An enormous farm, an inheritance,
Where a large recreation facility has been under construction.
A big one, with towers and flags.
It's a mansion! Oh, my God!
I want a mansion.
The mountain is gonna have to come to me.
A very large house. Hire servants.
A cathedral.
A cathedral to all those who made this incomparable city
A cathedral, my friends, is... Is neither stone nor statues
A cathedral. A real one.
It's a building that overlooks the roof where they spotted him yesterday.
With a three - story hut in Tahiti, right?
A large, red - brick house with a curved, tree - lined driveway?
We are so sitting on a gold mine here.
A blazing building 20 students trapped
A luxury island resort
Great home.
An extraordinarily rich oasis of life
A mythical mountain.
A villa,
A full - blown temple, the mahabodhi temple,
Huge awesome gorgeous mansion overlooking the Atlantic.
A magnificent city.
Of religious pilgrimage to celebrate the arrival of sky
A palace.
A palace and a mausoleum.
And a palace to flying coach and hiding out in an airport hotel room with.
A temple! A temple!
We got old, combustible buildings in a tight space.
Only 660 miles from the Japanese mainland.
Got a crappie house, little boat.
And a bridge and goldfish.
A town promotes sport with bamboo
And tell you if it carries an ounce or a shipload.
Hill and collect some figs for us.
A mountain of it and we're gonna eat it.
Like a mountain or..
One mountain, no trees, 15 men,
One mountain. No trees. 15 men.
And as it were a great mountain burning with fire 
An island, water on all sides.
Out of the ashes would rise a new city,
A giant maze of crucifixes 
A vast ancient volcano.
A giant killing machine.
With a colossal bronze statue.
A downtown courthouse tomorrow.
Into a vast city of the dead.
A temple.
In an abandoned building
It's a big abandoned building surrounded by empty parking lots.
One building after another
For purple mountain Majesties
One that was built on top of a giant rock.
One building.
And a mountain to climb
A very military oriented city. - is that where you're from?
A miniature of the chasm.
It's a house. Yes.
With the person that you love.
There was a house fire on Richter.
A house where someone waits.
In a house.
Where the talent is hot.
A five - star hotel and residential building.
And a hobbyhorse.
A church?
At a church？ no, no, a train.
A church and a statue on a base were added later,
To a church. Didn't need it.
A heritage site.
A heritage site.
Bond.
And a new city needed a new map.
The creation of a new island.
And a new sea will be created as East Africa separates.
An obelisk, a lofty pyramid.
After the gruesome body was discovered
An unmarked grave.
An old well.
The fireguard tower of St.
The first is the extinct Cumbre nueva
A city that once dreamed of constructing society anew.
A trophy for best individual dancer.
A city of 4.5 million
He's from a very famous family, 700 years old.
What art does an 80 year old 15 story building play
A lovely prison with five beautiful children.
A city with broad shoulders where the fog comes on little cat feet.
An amusing clock, and a sack of French porn.
A temple made of wood.
A bridge, some garden walls on private estates,
A footbridge to others, I have been betrayed.
A ballpark is $30 million of borrowed taxpayer money
Where everyone was welcome,
An opera house. Are you listening to me?
Of an opera house and a dying leader.
Where a factory under construction
A city where you come to die.
So there was this bridge of silence spanning new Jersey.
Around every dune there's another dune, right?
Highways of communication.
A grave with no sword.
A lagoon is formed.
Thousands of meerkats on a floating carnivorous island.
A certain city by the Bay.
A mosque.
The same at a mosque.
A playground will go.
A swimming pool with a bottom that's also a trampoline.
Um, in a castle on a lake.
A nice house, nearly paid for.
She's like a volcano.
Ten hours before?
A volcano is erupting from the seafloor and it is still growing.
Where is the steaming hot crater
Boiler had blown in a fuel plant and there were 30 casualties.
It's a totally awesome castle.
It take a long long time to build a coral reef
A palace made of glass.
A city that lives in the shadow of imminent earthquake.
A 1,000 year old temple built to commemorate a visitation by a God.
A city shaped by wind and ice
A nursing home.
In the crazy house.
The house that cancer built.
A jailhouse. That could be the next episode.
A lovely castle in a secluded part of the country.
A mine that today takes 30 years to dig,
An island of mystery.
A clock of most exquisite decor.
Once a thriving coconut plantation,
A solid gold telephone.
A well - supplied fortress.
A temple to Venus Birth giver.
Between a building that was spiritually and morally vacant
A beautiful island blue and green.
A beautiful unspoiled town in the Rockies.
A beautiful garden.
It's an antelope.
An old house, an old farm and new bills.
Stonework on an old building.
An old civil war fort.
That over looked the new palace complex.
A holiday display fell on you,
A monument to Anglo-American relations.
An obscure grave.
An abandoned church.
An island hidden in fog.
A great and ancient city engulfed by calamity.
A house is infested by Termites and cockroaches.
A Hellenistic temple destroyed by mortar fire.
A beautiful farm that's for sale.
Watch the stars.
A mountain of miraculous wonders
The beautiful city we were so proud of with law and order still prevailing.
A statue that symbolizes the triumph of faith.
A luxury apartment, a job as chief engineer,
From which we're protected by a presumably indestructible dam.
A mall and nearby buildings were damaged by looters
A valuable civic monstrosity.
A valuable civic amenity. A monstrosity!
Built around a huge natural harbor
The sole surviving record of an uncharted island.
A tiny island lost in the midst of the Pacific
A maze? - right, a maze, and the better the maze.
An elegant hotel with the taste of the Raj.
An important bridge. 
A pyramid,
A metal house?
Pile of gold?
A solid gold house.
A gold mine!
In an abandoned house with mold.
A glittery new mosque.
A glistening white mountain
On our honeymoon. You know the Aphrodite.
In a strange city, filled with strange people and strange noodles,
An immense and powerful underground monument to the victims of Spain's devastating civil war.
It's a really big building.
A clock without a craftsman.
One wind turbine can power about 300 homes.
In the middle of the ocean during a hurricane.
A monument to carnivores
A mountain range and 600 leagues of forest?
A towering statue of Christ overlooks Lisbon from across the TEJO river,
A ghost house. I wonder you'll be able to sleep at night.
An enchanted castle.
An entire city of gold. It's what the conquistadors were after.
Sean. Yes.
And then give her the brush off when I was well again,
And Commodus? Commodus is not a moral man.
lance.
On a building site in greater London.
He keeps opening them and closing them.
Once I hit the coast highway, I didn't stop.
One developing ways to understand how humans work better,
Talking just causes witnesses, and he don't want for any of those.
It looks like somebody kicked a hole in a bag of flour.
Every time I opened my mouth something charming fell out.
And you tell me that you've murdered someone and you need my help,
Whenever he spoke he shouted.
For starters death by overdose?
But they say it charmingly.
To say something with - I know, I'm sorry.
Once started it can't be stopped.
When the song first started I was like whatever I don't know.
A big collision right off the bat.
Use for the opening?
In the beginning I will say that it really did have more life to it.
It begins with you. You're the best.
It began with the attempted assassination of a designer.
For starters to look you in the eye
I shouldn't have done this in the first place. I thought maybe I.
And when he does, we're gonna have to get down as quick as we can.
And... Go!
At first?
And at first they're all attitude,
An hour we make a start? Yeah.
First there was the time that old farmer tried to sell me for some magic beans.
It started out well.
It all seemed to be going fine .
First, everything resets.
First of all everything was perfectly fine.
No one deserves that Harvard college define its mission
It didn't start out that way.
One minute everything's fine. "We're friends, I swear" .
Ln the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
That we're serving dessert first.
Load and make ready, condition one step in the box
Well, it went down. Then it began to go up,
When it started to rain.
Not at first.
Very little will happen at first.
It won't hurt at first. It's too hot, you see?
Well, the day didn't start so good,
Yeah, I wasn't very skilled in the beginning.
The day started kind of slow, but now we got it going.
We got off to kind of a rough start. But then it was okay, you know?
It started out a little rough.
I killed a few by accident at first.
It started rough.
Not in the beginning.
Not at first. He promised to call us once a week to check in.
But wasn't it you that told me to split with her?
It wasn't too bad at first. Repeated questions.
Not yet. We were making out for about a half - hour or something.
Not at first, but you know how long it is since he paid any rent?
It wasn't， and then it was.
That was not decided
That's not how it started.
No, not - not at first, but.
Where we didn't know the identity of the victim at first.
Not right at the beginning.
At this very early stage is not to worry about any doubts or fears or anything.
And they wouldn't let me use the bathroom at first,
At first, the no - talking thing didn't last.
At first, there are merely thousands
At first, there were only a few of them asking for change sleeping in the parks
Uh, well, it began with two men wanting to rob the bank.
By buying me the first two rounds. Man: hey, sunshine.
It took an extremely large dose just to sedate him in the first place.
I mean it kind of freaked me out at first.
Who stole her the first time told himself.
Maybe at first but then I had a really great time.
Maybe at first.
It wasn't even his idea to buy it in the first place.
First there was the whole
Starting off the relationship with a lie?
People resist at first.
In the beginning, there was man. And for a time, it was good.
It wasn't anything at first. And.
At beginning everything's possible.
At first, for everything, but then for long pig.
First I thought it was your voice or your clothes.
The first time I looked at these victims on the map
It started just above my ankle, and it's radiating up.
You know, it's where we started, and it's where we're staying,
At first he was.
First he won't shut up and now.
At first he wasn't sure, but then, well.
At first, he wouldn't talk to me.
First he's got to make the grades to get in the school.
Why didn't the business go to him in the first place?
He starts working with the Bathists, then the jihad.
He started working for the old boss of bosses as a hitter.
He was cool with it the first couple times,
At first, he didn't say a thing.
And at first he thinks it's a truck or a semi - trailer or something,
At first he thought he was homeless, but then something didn't seem right.
Ooh, they couldn't stand each other at first.
First they say you can't drink and drive.
They might grin at first but no.
At first the person feels the rage that caused
At first for the violators they might lock the parents up some.
At first they only watched. Arriving at key moments in human history.
They started me off small.
Somebody starts asking questions.
I mean at first it was just casual, right?
There might be curiosity for a while,
At first, they told me to lose the stutter. Now they tell me I'm not funny.
First they tell me there's no doctor,
They were kissing at first.
At first, they really seemed like they understood, like they were actually listening that I wanted to do this.
First they didn't have umbrellas for the wine, now snails on the food.
First of all, they're following us.
They usually start out that way. Yes.
At first, they seemed just like the rest of us.
When he was originally when he started it they didn't hadn't understood this cultural difference
Well, I'm sure at first they're attracted to each other's build.
They don't reaIize it at first.
First they accused him of taking payoffs,
In the beginning, I was a bit shy, obviously.
First, there were three, but now there's only one left.
At first they didn't Iink the murders.
At first they needed us for cover in case troops found them.
For a minute it looked like their crazy plan
It started when their food was dosed.
And at first they just stared at me.
First they made fun of,
It seemed like they were with me at first, you know?
At first, it appeared they all died of hypothermia.
They seemed normal
In the beginning, they speak once every two or three days.
Oh, he'll be there at first,
Oh, he'll be there at first, maybe even change a diaper or two until the novelty wears off.
He's going to have a hard time at first. Come on.
He's all charm and smiles in the beginning,
And at first he went to the casinos,
He started with a seemingly unremarkable piece of glass.
Aw, he got knocked around a bit in the beginning,
It started off as just a one - time loan.
He started small, and then it escalated,
At first, he just surfs but then.
Considering Flynn's celebrity status.
And the first time, it was this little quiet guy named Gunther,
First, he laughed at me.
At that time, he was playing with sand
First he was on TV.
At first, he wasn't thrilled with this proposition,
I'm saying that he's been all over this case since it started.
For one thing he charged him 20% off the top.
He had seen it from the beginning.
He wanted them dead in the first place.
The first time he's more careful in disposing of her.
And at first he was happy to help.
And at first he was really sweet.
He was surprised at first but he was happy to see me.
When he surfaces he's great.
He was nervous and that makes me nervous.
He's bound to be a bit hostile for a while.
At first he wanted to check me into the hospital one night next week and do a sleep study.
So he fended me off at first,
He started out as a protector 
Well, he was her beau to start with
You know first he was a serial killer we were chasing.
At first he exaggerated the investment reports a little.
At the start it was my future self.
He's a little strange at first, but you'll come to love him.
At first he won't even be able to deal with it.
He didn't tell me that he'd been fired at first.
At first he came home every weekend,
He wasn't with us from the start.
In the beginning, he really doesn't guide me.
He didn't mention anything about marriage until after it was over and.
Well, first he stopped talking.
First daddy was a rapist now he's a chemist.
Well, for starters he had a shaky alibi,
He may startle people at first with his various ticks,
He did a lot of squirming around.
Initially, the pattern was chaotic,
First he's on hand to witness a murder.
He wasn't a bad worker at first, but then he started showing up late,
At first I thought he was acting peculiar,
First he went to prison, then he got transferred here.
Initially after he was diagnosed, he was so optimistic.
First he assaults you, takes your gun.
In the beginning he felt doomed,
He thought this was cute at first and built an act around it.
First he started talking about the loan
To begin with it was "thanks a million, Jerry, old boy."
First he says he did go down to the lake drive on Tuesday.
First he convinces me to team up against you.
At first it didn't even sound like him.
At first he said it was a tragic accident.
At first he kept denying he was the Frisco fly.
At first he was fine with it.
At first he looked embarrassed,
He kept his word at first.
When he first came in and I didn't know
He couldn't get a job in the Union at first.
He didn't even notice at first.
Thought he was Lithuanian at the beginning, but I already talked about that.
Thought you were a Bobby at first.
At first I thought it was a couple kissing.
Well, sir, it starts with an absolute naval blockade.
At first ego thinks it's a joke.
It'll be weird at first.
Things will be awkward at first but we can work on it.
It's confusing at first. I know.
It's gonna feel a little uncomfortable at first.
First you sneeze a bunch of times but then you're pretty much cured.
It'll be uncomfortable for a while,
And those standards can at first seem daunting. Of course.
There will be copious pus. First putrid then wholesome.
It'll be awkward at first, but you'll get used to it fast,
I'll take the lead early on wrapping the purchases and making change.
It will hurt at first.
The first few murders were 5 to 8 days apart.
Okay, but you had your doubts about Vanessa in the beginning,
You were very hot for Allison at first.
You won't believe it at first. You'll probably laugh.
Then why didn't you just tell me that the get?
Why did you start seeing him in the first place?
Why'd you investigate it in the first place?
In the disappearance of the Pharaoh's heart.
Though initially keen you've changed your mind.
You know from the are beginning when you laid down and went down his back it was just beautiful.
First you're allergic to Germans and then it's Russians
Any reason you guys we looking into her to begin with?
When you first told me he was sick.
So what were your early leads?
And the odds are against you from the start.
First you accuse me then you want my help?
You didn't have momentum from the get - go.
At first, you want to spend every second together.
First they're sending me back to prison,
First of all there's 15 of you here in the room,
I wish I'd known about it from the beginning.
Nah, cosat the start you said you weren't going to help.
First you declare him dead and now you're trying to help him beat a double - homicide rap?
As soon as you started, I thought odd choice of song.
You'll resist at first,
You'd hate me for lying in the first place.
At first you blame yourself.
You will feel more panicked at first.
At first you want to turn around and Ieave immediateIy.
At first you resist. I should think so!
It can start with delusions of grandeur.
First thing, you'd see dust and wind.
Initially, you're overwhelmed.
At first you're out of sorts and agitated and then you sort of.
First one dies you die too.
At first you think it's a little exciting.
What you did see from the beginning.
I'm just saying first you're single and everyone wants to know
In the beginning you were just a mark.
First, you're eating a pork sandwich.
In the beginning, you get everything 
You haven't been very talkative since we met.
You start out to tell yourself you'll be satisfied with $25,000 worth.
First, you were all like, "whoa!".
In the beginning you're in your radio car.
You sat down and pressed the keyboard,
First you were fixated on a harmful toxin from her past,
You didn't look real to me at first.
You've been second - guessing me from the moment I arrived.
From the beginning you couldn't beat me.
You shouldn't have been in the condo in the first place.
You should have never left it in the first place.
You didn't even have to go after the moonstone
That maybe you shouldn't set me on that damn event on the first place.
Should have done this the first time.
Been going about this thing all wrong.
You were there from square one.
First you brought nothing but good.
First you complain about how sandy the beach is,
You weren't honest with me before.
You could have told him
Just starting to wonder what I'm doing here, really.
Now you've wanted this company since the moment you got here.
You wanted us to take a plea from minute one,
From the beginning you've tried to get rid of me.
You're coming straight out of the gate with bad cop.
You knew what this was from the beginning.
I think that you were a murderer right from the beginning.
You were right all along.
You ever think maybe he was hurt that you left
Yeah, you knew the deal when you came on board.
You made a mistake earIier.
You've been dicking me around since we started.
First you lie to me about looking for her,
You knew shit would happen right from the start.
For starters you handed me that pile of bogus money.
You got to crank it all the way up at first,
You were running this from the moment we met.
You probably should have done that in the first place.
You should have told me not to throw the Asians out in the first place.
You said when we started it was just a loan. Got to see who's out there.
You made 8,000 deals in the first few hours.
First you brought nothing but good 
First you help us get. Oh.
First you're helping us and now this.
At first you did not understand
You don't notice not at first. It happens slowly.
You've gotta be strict at first.
You start forgetting how to feed yourself.
You were kind of Mn the first time.
Why didn't you tell us this to begin with?
You know how you'd start out with all these bright hopes and everything.
You're always happy at first. It's how you feel at the end that counts.
What did you want from me in the beginning?
First, you try acting like him. That doesn't work.
First, you want something and then a want becomes a need,
First you bring ceth into the relationship。
At first I considered it temporary insanity
First you bring ceth into the relationship.
First you pull that reward stunt
And what were you doing with it in the first place?
First you save that kid's life, and.
You start as earthbound handmaiden, but if you ascend to celestial helpmate,
Lt's like you're his favorite, and then “who cares?”
You did at first but I take back what I said about you being normaI.
First you're a dream on the horse and now you can barely stand up straight.
How attracted I was to you from the beginning.
First you got all defensive of her and then you tattled on me to her.
First you mess up my face
And you don't realize.
First you fall in love with the horse.
First you're pissed I don't call,
Firstly, the very mention of the idea will cause Sandi to recoil in disgust.
It started as nodules in your lungs
At first you seemed kind of like.... what?
At first it was, you know, do me favor.
You should have been suspicious of me right off.
You see those two bodies at the beginning when the credits are rolling and they're making love.
You weren't sure you liked it at first though.
First you want me to run.
First you wanna kill me, now you wanna kiss me.
Well, at first you thought I was weak or scared and maybe I was.
Well, at first you thought I was weak
We just went from memorable to forgettable.
At first you Iet me work in the store.
First you got my sister believing it.
First you try acting like him.
First you said you didn't do drugs and then you said you did.
First you say you want me to appear at your fund - raisers,
Originally you said you liked basements.
First you're single, then you're a single mother,
First, you tell me that you're hiding something from me.
First they're saying she was, now she's not,
So at the very beginning the guy gave you 100.
First you get rid of the duck that everybody hates.
First you tell me my little brother's dead.
First you tell me I'm chasing my tail on this bank - heist thing,
I mean first you're going off to all these dances,
You weren't that good the first time.
You didn't get all the placenta, for starters.
You sent it back because they put green peppers in it.
Okay, first you give me the leper treatment and now I'm a traitor is that right?
First you encouraged her to join the army.
I appreciate that you encouraged me to apply to school in the first place,
City examiners weren't looking for it,
Once he was under,
I mean you come in here all eager like a puppy and then
First in a joyful mood,
You start out with a little bit of oil.
We start out gently,
I showed her a dreadful surgery on tape and tried to stop her.
And the waking up and everything else there is to do at the beginning,
At first the Communists were sensitive to the need for restoration.
At first the other players treated him fairly.
Honestly you have a tough few days ahead.
At first, Kate didn't like going to the spot where eilidh died,
First thing our killer did was go for the shoe, 
So it starts off there are
First you use me， then you reject me, and now you're insulting me?
The amount that's owed to him started at 100.
Now, don't worry how much noise you make in the beginning.
Don't try to win it straight off.
A low - stress day
And maybe a doctor said that at first,
At first it was sort of scary even walking down the sidewalk.
It's a little startling to see at first but results are spectacular.
The beginning? Of the resistance
When this first happened, I was kind of freaked out.
At the beginning the one whom was being abused... Was not Asuka. It's me
It all started in my bedroom.
For a long time it was just me.
First he just wants to make her suffer a little bit.
When it started it was just 
It was just little things to start with. 
Little bits at first.
It was just one pill at first.
Well, it started out like any normal sitting day.
It started out as a prank and a sabotaged shower head
It was only cracked at first
It'll only be temporary at first.
At first it was just 'cause of your sweet - ass bulls tickets.
First it was just to shut him up,
And at first it would be just for kicks, but eventually, I'd fall for you hard.
At first it was just keeping an eye on the real estate market, and then it was.
First it was just to shut him up, but now I'm starting to like him.
Yeah, first I just bumps and knocks
I started by reading cookbooks for fun.
At first it was just pot and stuff,
You start small. You just fudge some paperwork here and there.
Just tiny amounts at first.
There was minimal activity at first. Just some kids passing it around the school.
It kind of all started off playfully.
It was started out as a small book.
Starts as long hours at work,
First, I get the "just friends" speech.
It started out as just friends and now it's more than that.
It was just for fun at first, a bunch of math and probability stuff,
First, it's hay fever, then it's a sinus infection.
At first it was just embarrassing,
Not bad, they're OK.
At first just selling but then using too,
Yeah, they start out with just getting taller,
Fifteen, 20 of them. Now there are hundreds.
First, there was just one. Now there's thousands.
At first it was Capricorn.
We'll start with two.
Up, yes.
First, you try ditching me and now you're giving me the silent treatment.
When it's my idea in the first place.
Isn't that what got me in trouble in the first place?
It will be difficuIt at first, but if you try, you wiII get better.
It might have started as a slump, but l'm in control of it now.
It can be difficult at first.
Well, maybe at first, but you showed potential.
Probably feet first. Real talk. I just pray it happens before another one of us ends up in a chair.
Well, it may not for a while, but.
WeII, maybe at first it is, but that's just to open you up to it.
He'll be a little skittish at first, but we'll integrate him.
It might be a little creepy at first,
At first, it's fuck in 'hell. But after awhile it's bearable.
Maybe it could have seemed like boredom at first,
I didn't know when I agreed to do it,
Of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place.
I did at first.
First things were postponed,
In the beginning you have to make them laugh.
It was a stupid idea to go out with him in the first place,
At first it was like:
Okay, first it started out as "awesome",
Well, you start by doing coke and then you move on to a little crystal meth,
Well, for starters found out from the wife,
Initially underground and then above ground as well.
Out there and then in here.
In the beginning  when the earth was a white hot lump in space
It started in the stomach - cramps.
Everything was going smooth at the safe house.
I couldn't make it out at first in the dark bedroom.
For a start, it probably resulted in earth's core becoming larger.
Initially the earth is pulling down.
There are essentially two possibilities at the beginning.
Grandmother resisted at first, but now she loves it.
Initially it was thought that he had hanged himself.
In the beginning it was the same for everyone.
At first everyone was so happy, and.
Everyone started out pretty happy with our little arrangement.
First test was about noon yesterday.
Well, the fanfare,
Bright sun and clear skies to start,
We got flustered at first,
Girls begin by loving their mothers. But as they grow they judge us.
And at first she says no, but she has issues with self-esteem.
First they take my eyes.
First they think romance is free.
She's gonna start with softballs and then she's gonna launch into verbal grenades.
Not at first she trusted me.
First she started staying later.
At first her episodes were so few and far between we thought we could keep it at Bay.
She would've heard the fax tone on the first call
At first she was nothing more to me than the boss's spoiled daughter.
She wanted to know where she could buy a copy of the planet.
Right from the beginning she had me in her sights.
At first she seemed just like the rest,
She was ecstatic at first,
At first she was always coming up with excuses.
First she wants a room with a view, next thing she's eating a guard's face.
First she said no.
She was shocked at first.
She didn't make the trek with us at the beginning.
From the start, she made no attempt to hide her suspicion of
But she had lunch and she didn't tell you about it at the time, but eventually she did tell you,
Well, they did at first, but they don't anymore.
First her lung deflates, like me after a cold bath.
First she lies on one side and then she lies on the other.
You know at first she was actually hesitant to leave us here alone.
She texted me in first period.
And first she acted like she had no idea what I was talking about.
At first she told me you were dead.
First she was like no, no, no.
It started with that she had some kind of.
At first she said she was putting me on a diet for my own good.
First she says she needs more space,
She was patient at first.
She used to get embarrassed, but she got over it.
It was, but now it's hard.
Well, first the Committee members took turns.
Well, first the Committee members took turns talking about why we were there.
At first kids always dream of seeing their parents reunited.
At first the boy admitted that his dad's the one who knocked him around then he recanted.
They start as hard crystals,
At first they're white and soft.
At first they're merely annoying,
You know at first she'll tear your throat out, but eventually you're gonna like it.
When it began it seemed something just for geeks or people who just wanted to endlessly Twitter.
To start with he tries playing dead
It was never in the box to begin with.
First it was a gold coin. then it turned into this neat piece of wood.
They say while it begins as a religious war between Protestants and Catholics,
First it was pirates, then poachers, then strip miners.
It started as experimentation.
Now, at first it just looked like a bunch of foreign language.
At first it looked like the perfect .
First, it licks your shoes,
Well, it would start off looking like a dark asteroid.
At first, it was great.
At first, we didn't have an idea if people would come to the concerts,
That brought the wrath of God in the first place.
A child can be developing normally and then sometime
You can have it at the beginning.
He was convinced you could handle life on your own.
You wouldn't be using the stuff in the first place.
Maybe you would've got it right the first time.
These things haven't seemed right from the beginning.
That land never should have been built on in the first place.
I should never have let them take him in the first place.
I should have never taken you along in the first place.
Couldn't stay away from him
If that cute young resident
Shouldn't have went there in the first place
I should have never drove it off in the first place.
It should never have happened in the first place.
Which means you shouldn't be trusting him to begin with.
We should never have taken you in in the first place.
Rough start, huh?
And built a grassroots effort up starting on day one
Start with some of the best talents we've ever seen.
In the first place.
You can't stop once you start.
Trouble at the start. A misfire traps speed racer
don't even start! Jesus Christ!
For a start don't trust a woman. Ever.
The temptation to go after birds would be too much.
Started scamming casinos for credit hotel suites 
Right from the start.
And pretty much at first shot anything that moved.
It sucked me in from the beginning.
To leave in the first place?
Almost as soon as we met so, uh.
It was on her from the start?
She was in on the fraud from the start.
Time began.
It was already buried.
You will start with one ball already in your barrel.
Have picked first step out of the gate.
Once and for all like I should have done in the first place.
Right from the start, you know.
There has to be an underlying trust to begin with.
Should have taken care of those guys the first time.
Should have been doing it to begin with.
It was always gonna be you.
It should have been done like that from the beginning.
What sense does it make to handicap ourselves from the outset?
But coming out directly at the beginning.
And influence our handling of the case from the beginning.
I've wanted this since the dawn of time. - more than numbers?
It was great from the beginning.
It all came so easy at first.
You gotta start with honesty.
To get off on the wrong foot.
From the very start open up your heart
We got off on the wrong foot.
Who screwed you from the beginning
That fucked it up in the first place!
It might have been easier just to burn it in the first place.
And to start out with that was just cause it was - I was scared.
And he offered me a deal early on,
She lied to me from the very start to put me off the scent.
Is by putting it there in the first place.
It definitely started with the great mastectomy of 2001.
And we have been from the start.
From the very start
I shouldn't have done in the first place.
You were real bad trouble from the start
Mismatch to begin with.
A set - up from the start.
First it was dumb stuff - accusing me of stealing this necklace.
At first it was just his hand on my neck.
He's the reason we got the wrong I. D. In the first place.
First it was your mood and now you even start moaning.
It was you from the beginning. You put my name in the goblet of fire.
It was your idea in the first place. How should we know?
Starts onset, during the shoot.
Is off to a monumentally rotten start.
For a start.
He's the reason why I got sent to Juvenile in the first .
It had to be me from the very beginning because they took... They took Lloyd.
She's the one who sent him to you in the first place.
We came up with that from the get.
This has been my investigation from the beginning,
Since the beginning, I was the problem. 
My mother was the one who convinced me to go to Paris in the first place. She said that I would meet someone special.
Well, for starters my office blew up.
It starts with my own mistake.
Daniel's even on trial in the first place?
Stupid idea in the first place.
Coming out from the cutter head.
This stupid game is why she's mad in the first place.
Right from the beginning.
That's what this has been about since the very beginning. Right?
How is that even original?
Was flawed from the start.
No one asked you to share the apple in the first place.
There was never much hope to begin with.
That you never really wanted in the first place.
From the very beginning we were all destined to die.
We was in this from the beginning, we gonna ride this out to the end.
It was destined for failure ,
We were doomed from the start.
Right on the first guess!
So suddenly?
Showed up with flowers first class plane tickets, it was very 'officer and gentleman'.
For doing what at first seemed so hard.
We were the under - dog before we got into this and we continue to be the underdog.
If I knew I had the key - I would not have buried it so deep.
From the beginning. - and how long have you known
Wouldn't it have been easier to sign the first time?
Start at the end. Can't tell a story if you don't know where it's going.
Which is actually what tipped me off in the first place.
I got a tall order in front of me trying to keep up with this kid.
You start behind the eight ball,
Set as they are.
And it was understood from the beginning,
Probing for Intel from the get - go.
Again sorry that I have to talk so much about terminology at the beginning ,
Put her in bad with men from the start.
Had me set up from the beginning.
That's the first thing they put through.
I should have told you all along
Should have held her from day one.
That needed to happen when it started,
Zapping her should have been plan A.
It was the right plan first time around poor execution.
No visual trickery in his original demand, didn't he?
Might be a little brainy to start out with.
We said from the start it would be a trial.
The odds were set against him from the start.
This is a wretched beginning!
Since the beginning?
It was like uh, uh, uh, and then they got to somewhere down on the run way
There was no power in the first step off of there.
Locked in for sure at the beginning and owe nothing later in the tree.
Preventing it from happening in the first place
Actually almost started believing that guy.
How can you go on?
I enjoyed the shit out of humping you at first.
Not initially.
Not so much really until I noticed
It wasn't so bad at first, feeling like gods.
That wouldn't have been a very good start.
It didn't so much start off that way.
So how high do you think it is at the beginning?
And that you tried to build at the beginning helped you at the end.
So right away you introduce 'saws'.
In the beginning when you don't have much,
At first when I found out I was pregnant,
First of all when I heard you were doing hip - hop, I was like.
It was shaky in the very beginning, buit going very well.
It might look like a stroke at first.
It'd start off exciting.
Scary At first.
Weird at first, you know
It was amazing and then she's.
Uh, it started off good, then it kinda took a dive.
First it was fun
Quiet at first, then loud construction work,
It starts with a quiet hum an empty screen inviting you.
I was scared at first.
Easy to miss at first but after watching it a few times I realized.
Small ones at first but they would become bolder.
It was awkward at first but then there were moments
At first quietly, 
It'd be freaky, but it'd settle down.
I hated you at first
Really slow at first, and then everybody joins in.
Starts off simple enough.
It starts so simply.
The beginning simple almost comic.
At first it was awful.
At first it was terrible.
At first it's constrictive,
It started good, really good.
Ugh. I hated it at first.
It wasn't easy at first, but knowing that it was an accident,
Calm at first. Well, sweating a lot.
First they were small. At first when I called,
It was hard at first.
Was hard for him to swallow at first,
Great at first.
At first the Germans didn't shoot at him.
It wasn't very pretty at first,
Wants to be around animals in the first place.
Was always a clear - cut favorite from the beginning, or at least a couple of front runners.
Always feels a little weird at first.
You always hate to start it,
Always begins in our cabin.
Things are great for a week and a half, and suddenly it's over. I'm mystified.
There's an all - time first.
To thwart a small child's cautious attempts to assert itself.
Lt all started with the gangs. You know, people tend to forget that.
This one starts with a girl.
First we're gonna kill each other,
Well, initially one might experience a feeling of paranoia
First you're the outraged Madison Avenue man.
I was the one who was inconsolable at first.
The odds were stacked against you from the start.
First thought maybe I'd bring you a dog from the animal shelter.
Started out trying to make a bouillabaisse,
At first it seemed nice.
Feels good at first, but it always turns to crap.
At first it's nice,
Just slowly at first. - I don't want any sympathy.
At first idleness can seem like a welcome distraction 
At first, I couldn't get it to work.
I didn't believe her at first.
Well, I wasn't really sure at first,
At first I didn't want to bother you with it,
You know I didn't want to work with a partner at first.
Well see that's the thing, I couldn't think of anything at first.
And at first I couldn't figure out why.
I didn't know what that meant at first, but now I know.
I wasn't sure about our setup at first.
At first, I thought it was a scam,
At first, I didn't believe him,
I didn't believe him at first, but.
At first I didn't believe what had happened.
I didn't believe her at first.
I didn't know who they were at first.
And at first, I had no idea what he was talking about... Right.
Well, I didn't know he was married when it started.
At first, I didn't get why you ratted me out.
I didn't know it happened at first
At that precise moment, I had no idea what it was.
I didn't know that when the day began, but I know it now.
At first, I didn't know what I was going to do.
At first, I did not know that it was your diary.
First, I wasn't sure. On second thought.
I was unsure when the fingers were removed until I found this.
At first, I said no.
In the beginning I didn't find this task to be hard. But, once sitting behind the table, I realized with terror that nothing, absolutely nothing comes in mind.
Well, neither was I, at first.
Neither did I,
Well, at first, I didn't.
Well, neither was I at first.
I didn't believe it either to start with.
I wasn't even sure it worked the first few times.
At first, I wasn't sure either.
And I should never have pushed you to do this whole thing
I liked him, too, right from the start.
I worried about myself for a while.
Yeah, it was a little shock initially, but then I realize that I could claim most of it off as entertainment.
Well, I wondered at first,
I couldn't help remembering the past at first, too.
That's what I thought at first.
Yeah, that's what I thought at first and then I realized that's stupid.
I suspected so at first,
Yep, I had pretty much the same response.
So was I to begin with.
In the beginning, I had my own reservations.
Well, I was dubious at first, but after a whirlwind of computer chats,
Well, it didn't start as everything.
I never asked for it in the first place!
No, that's what I thought at first,
He was annoying to me.
I do agree at the beginning it started sounding like a really nice tone to your voice.
Well, at first blush I'd say an immunity deal is premature,
They sounded weird to me, too, but they're incredible.
Yeah and initially I thought there must be some kind
I thought it was crazy at first myself, but.
Her hope gave me hope that everything might be OK.
Initially I went along with the joke of
Neither was I at first.
That was my first instinct,
That was my first thought, but no.
I thought that at first, too. But you won't do.
That's what I thought until I opened him up and found he's missing his gallbladder.
I thought so at first, too. I did.
You know, that's what I thought at first. But check this out.
First I started out with a tried and true classic.
First l paid for dinner. no, George.
At first I thought
I didn't think so at first, 
And at first I thought it was just some tired old pickup line,
First I thought it was just another affair,
At first I thought they worked for the government.
I thought all they stood for was right.
First I thought it was all in my head,
Well, at first I thought they were turning on each other.
At first, I just assumed that he would be returned.
At first, I thought he was being friendly.
At first, I thought he went back to Mexico.
At first, I thought it was a joke.
At first, I thought he was kidding, but he wasn't.
First I thought he wanted to kill me. Then I thought he wanted to pick me up.
At first I thought he pushed the children to form a circle
At first I just thought he was embarrassed
I thought he was great at first, but then he didn't turn out so nice.
And at first I thought it was him helping me,
At first, I thought he was wearing a costume,
At first， I thought tortured and force fed,
At first, I thought he molded a duplicate of his finger, but.
At first we assumed you did too, both of you.
I knew you looked quite dumb,
First I thought you were getting fat,
At first I thought you might be raiding our coffers.
I thought you are a boring nerdy boy in the beginning.
First I thought they were veins. Now I think it's ink.
At first， I figure she'll send another note or two
At first, I thought they were here to apologize for how they treated you.
At first I figure she'll send another note or 2 before her young mind moves on to better things
At first I thought she was like a real self-satisfier,
At first I thought maybe she was on her phone,
I thought it was a mistake at first, like she confused me with somebody else,
At first I think she's his mistress.
At first we thought it was just sleep deprivation, but she doesn't look fatigued.
At first I thought she was using them as blackmail -
At first I thought she might be okay. I mean the guy said she was still breathing.
At first I thought it was all deformed, thank you.
L thought it a prank at first.
For a while, I thought we could rely
At first I thought it was exhaustion or malnutrition.
At first I thought this is fine.
At first I thought I could change Victor.
At first I thought it maybe was the moment that they took her to the hospital,
At first I thought she'd suffered
At first I thought it was some kind of mineralized connective tissue,
Well, at first I thought it was a joke.
Well, at first I thought it was a benign cyst,
At first I thought it was a trap.
You know at first I just thought it was like one of the guys hazing me or something.
At first I thought it was you, but then you didn't want me to be here.
At the beginning, I thought you would try to destroy.
And I thought it was cover for the military, but I was wrong.
At first I thought it might be frostbite,
At first I thought it was an animal that had been trapped.
First I thought it was a squirrel.
At first I thought it was an earthquake.
At first I thought it was confetti,
At first I thought it was dirt,
At first I thought it was a hoax. I thought somebody was faking it.
I thought that I had misplaced it,
At first I thought it was an eclipse,
Initially I thought it was the time line that had to be reset,
I first thought he was dead.
At first I thought hair, but its thickness is way under 50 micrometers.
At first I thought it was the car,
Uh, at first, I thought that I was.
At first, I thought pod people. Of course you did.
First I thought it was blood.
So, at first, I thought I was supposed to go to the cemetery.
At first, I thought that was like a purse or a knapsack, but now I'm thinking it's laces.
Well, I imagined something worse.
I originally attributed this Nick on the anterior aspect
At first I thought this case was like every other case
Yeah and initially I thought there must be so kind of psychological significance.
Initially I thought all of these markings came from predators,
At first I thought it was one of van's
At first I thought this place was just my heritage,
At first we didn't have an idea if peopIe wouId come to the concerts,
Um, first we couldn't spend the night together,
Some of our number were initially appalled at your proposal
It started off innocent at first,
From the start we begged them for help.
We didn't know that until your attorneys pointed it out,
Well, we were knocked sideways at first,
That was our first thought.
We started awch right in the beginning
At first we did not have very much luck.
At first we thought that he won't last here.
Initially we thought the injury to your spleen would resolve itself, but it's bleeding too much.
At first we thought it was his imagination,
First we thought it was a cap deposit, but the resolution is definitely solid.
Well, when we thought this was overdose or asphyxia,
First of all we thought they were Americans.
At first we thought this guard.
At first we thought the bunny was just scared of us.
Now at first we thought they were his own.
The first thing we get a lot
I know we didn't get off on the right foot,
You and I got off on the wrong foot right from the very beginning.
I mean one minute we're having this casual conversation.
It started as a game but after a while we really did think the gods could hear us.
At first we just focused on the guns, but
It started as a game.
It started out with us just playing together as a family,
At first we were just curious, you know?
We were just friends at first.
We just talked at first.
Broken neck that we knew about.
There was a pick - up truck behind us on the road.
What have we been looking for from the beginning?
That's beginning to be our theme round here.
We started off on the same chairs!
At first we had no explanation for the spinal fracturing until we realized
First, we tried the tapes.
At first, we tried.
At first we tried to strangle her with rope.
We're dead even early on.
We should never have moved in the first place.
We should have done it day one.
That's what got us in trouble in the first place.
And we should have listening to Troy from the beginning.
We intended to marry almost from the start
The real crime would be not to finish what we started.
For a start we're bankrupt.
Actually we got a publishing deal on our first one.
First we're getting married, and then we're not.
We begin with the big question
We should have taken more from the beginning.
To begin, each of us alike to actually conjure magic.
At first we worried about you, but you turned out fine.
First we have to screw with our coworker
How did we get lost in the first place?
We designed it to help find the rats we kept dropping.
First we take Goebbels and hit him on the head
We thought about suing him at first.
For the first time we have a way to not
It took an entire curse to get us here in the first place.
We didn't even know it was a documentary at first, but then.
We don't give that much the beginning.
We didn't start with much money or many endorsements.
We didn't know what it was at first.
At first we had no medicine, no equipment.
At the beginning we had to use a easier accessible method
Instantly we had this communication, like this sense of humor.
Well, we never really know in the beginning.
First we met each other， spent time together.
At first we thought he would grow out of it.
Initially we saw that he was experiencing killing anxiety,
At first we thought it was his imagination, but now I'm not so sure.
Originally we had assumed that the axe blade had sealed the wound
Initially we figured out the clue said dig 15 feet west of a man in a tree.
At first we couldn't communicate with each other,
First we're talking about trimming a few trees.
We were following all the teams in the beginning.
We started out hiding this relationship so we could have one,
Well, once we knew it was a custody battle,
we're flirting,
At first we tried to keep up
Well we were very hopeful when it started.
You really had us scared there for a minute.
We usually begin by asking our clients
At first we thought the treatment wasn't working, but I don't know it seems to be improving.
Every man is afraid who does something for the first time.
We both missed Knut a lot at first.
Well, initially, we all kind of blew up 
Look, we got off on the wrong foot.
At first, we thought it was really stupid, and then we had a blast, so.
We'll need 50 doses to begin 
At first we'll arrive in spacesuits, live in domes
The first time we fooled around,
First I get all
I thought I would start out talking
First l' II get mad. Then l' II just get sad.
I'm gonna start with my back to you.
It's weird how much we had in common right from the start.
Beginning, I pretended not to
I couldn't at first.
I realized that I started making them to help you.
At first I was trying to figure out what it meant,
At first I was really angry.
I began by going to meet a man who has motor neurone disease,
I didn't know that he was married when we started dating.
At first I was kicking and screaming so much
Initially I opposed your recruitment.
First I was itching like crazy,
I started out wanting to get a little privacy
I got you a few outfits to start.
First I saw you as lovesick
It started with coin purses and sort of went on from there, really.
And at first I just brushed them off thinking they didn't know about his death,
I started as a courier.
This all started as some misguided stab at maintaining my dignity.
This went from something I don't know about
At first I was faking liking this,
At first all my work here was trivial,
Look, at first it was just orders,
At first all I could think of
At first they were just like I just want to get some anti-inflammatories
Well, at first I did it in my mind.
Before all I wanted was to fit in.
At first I just put my hand on the rock.
Initially I was a little.
It started where I would just drive by.
At first I just met your dad and his friends.
First I made it just a picture of a random Muslim.
At first I thought it was just too hot and too smoky.
First I can go to the party,
At first I felt sorry for him,
At first I couldn't tell who it was. " who is it?. "I asked.
I listened a bit at the beginning.
At first my heart was racing only hearing his voice,
At first when I am informed of your name, I am uncertain.
At the beginning I was just thinking what do they want me to do.
I began in an incubator,
When I originally saw it in my mind,
First l was on the road, then my parents show up.
You know when I first saw you here,
In pressing the purchase in the first place.
At the very beginning I was so shy and embarrassed to do it.
You know at first I couldn't place your name.
In the beginning, I had no feelings for her.
At first, l felt the same way.
That's how I felt at first with my ex.
I wasn't sure of the song initially,
I thought bastoche would take care of him,
I never would've wasted my time with you in the first place!
If I knew this is what they were gonna do to him.
I didn't like this place from the start.
I wasn't there the first time.
I shouldn't have been in that jail cell for you to find me in the first place.
I wish we didn't have to come out here in the first place.
I didn't want you in here to begin with,
I could see it from the beginning not a good match.
I never should have trusted you with this.
I should never have left the station to begin with.
I never should have asked you to do this in the first place.
I never should have tried to put it on in the first place.
I thought of you as a soldier first. I'm an airman.
Well, I'm gonna start fast.
First, I get stuck in the parking garage.
I told him from the start, no kids.
From the start I told him it was a racket.
I have been telling you since the beginning you're one of my favorites.
I told you from day one l would not indulge in gossip.
I toId you from the beginning I didn't need any of this.
And I liked you from the beginning.
I tested him then, and I've observed him since.
I start out too strong.
I was hoping it'd be you. Just get on with it.
I should have told you about everything from the beginning.
I should have listened to you from the beginning.
I should have been honest with them from the beginning.
I should have split when everything started， Fuck!
I should have noticed something was wrong from the beginning
I should have seen it from the first,
Which is what I should have got you in the first place.
As I should have to begin with.
I loved her from the beginning.
Well I was beginning to suspect the confession was coerced,
I mean sure there was a part of me that from the beginning knew that this was too good to be true.
I tried to tell you before this whole thing started.
I just want to say that from the get - go.
It's just starting to feel a little bit.
And I admitted I was responsible from day one.
Since the beginning I was the problem.
I was your partner when this first started. Remember?
I have been the church 's musical director since day one.
That's the first thing I checked.
I had a hunch from the beginning.
L believed you the first time.
And for the record I was onto your little act from the very beginning.
Long ago all the time since the beginning.
I have believed in you and Zack from the start.
I knew the first moment.
I knew it from the get - go this was gonna be a challenge to figure out who I was gonna go with.
Well, I knew something was off from the beginning.
I knew it from the get - go this was gonna be a challenge
I started laughing since the very beginning of the video.
I could have fixed both his hands the first time.
I thought he was my painted savage.
I'm already feeling like we're getting screwed from the beginning.
I should have done this myself in the first place!
I should have listened to you from the beginning.
I should have told you from the very beginning.
I should have known when I started playing this game
I should have given it to you in the first place.
Look, I never said this was going to be easy.
I told you he was no good from the beginning!
I told you not to marry him from the beginning, bitch!
I told you right from the beginning it was personal.
L have told you in the beginning
L have told you very clearly
At first it didn't bother me the money thing.
At first I didn't appreciate your style,
At first I resist. Then he gets all sad - eyed and penitent, so I give in,
At first I didn't believe him either.
Not the whole time.
I didn't realize it at first.
Didn't really bother me at first.
Well, at the first time I didn't have.
And I wasn't really realizing it.
I was 't really realizing it, and then I noticed and I thought it was rude,
I didn't recognize him at first
At first I was upset, but then I was relieved.
At first I was totally psyched, I thought I was teen wolf.
I loved it at first, but eventually I realized
At first l loved chasing after those mules with my father.
At first I envied them.
At first I was afraid.
First I was afraid, I was petrified.
I've been intimidated, but I'm not anymore.
At first I was relieved to have the answer, but then something struck me as odd.
At first I was grateful.
Is I was actually bummed to get this detail.
And at first, I was completely sympathetic.
I was annoyed at first.
At first I was all mad, you know.
I had doubts at first. But on a second though
I was polite the first couple of times, but courtesy made no impression on this ass.
I was so scared at first?
Well, I hated it at first.
At first I thought he was a pain.
At first I thought he as a pain.
I appreciated their call in the beginning
I had a hard time believing you at first,
So, I have to start by saying that Rick came up with this idea in 2006,
At first I thought to myself,
What did I promise you when we started this?
I wasn't comfortable at him first.
At first I thought, muffin basket.
At first I couldn't figure it out.
At first I couldn't figure out why you didn't say something.
I couldn't place her face at first.
At first I had the idea of going into bottled water 
At first I think satellite is going to be satellites
Well, I decided to do a coat dress initially
At first I went for the emotion,
At first l managed to hide my identity from her,
At first I was trying to figure out what it meant, 
At first I thought that we should go full - on scientific.
Initially I think I went along with that
At first I thought maybe a cadaver, but they're really hard to find.
At first, I suppose to.
At first I tried to pin it down with an ashtray 
At first, I wanted to know.
At first I considered giving it a higher grade,
At first I thought I was in control.
I tried to seduce him once. But he never feII for me.
I tried to seduce him once. But he never fell for me
At first I felt bad because you were so depressed.
You know at first, I thought they were just kid in around.
Originally I was going to call it "waiting for cable man."
At first I managed to hide my identity from her,
At first I confess I did not like it so much.
Right from the start I treated you like a son.
First she lost it in the mining way.
At first I resisted,
At first I worried that it suggested an inappropriate level of intimacy.
And I didn't understand all the complicated stuff at first,
I began by counting the days,
For the record, I was against it. 
Originally l liked basements.
She was the reason I agreed to do the party in the first place.
First I was mama, then I was the vampire.
I was angry at first,
In the beginning I was a sea creature
Originally we were painted nude.
I was originally designed for Assassination missions.
Um, at first I was.
I think I said it first.
I thought at first.
I started out with alcohol and, you know, right away.
I had my doubts initially, but everything worked out.
I was a bit groggy before, then I started noticing things.
At first I was kind of afraid
At first l was a bit intimidated, but in the end we connected.
I was scared at first, but I like it.
Of course, I panicked at first, but then it occurred to me -
I was a bit worried at first。
At first I was having second thoughts about my outfit, but I love it,
I was a little nervous at first.
I was a little nervous at first, but then I got past it.
Probably would have recycled this one with the rest, then the guy calls me,
And at first I didn't want to do it
I mean, first I dreamed he had a scar on his hip.
At first I didn't think anything of it,
At first I couldn't work out what was happening.
At first I didn't tell the authorities that I was a traveler.
Missed the whole day with them,
And at first I just brushed them off thinking
Well, I didn't take her seriously at first.
You know, at first I didn't want this.
I didn't realize it at first.
At first I didn't realize what had happened.
I didn't see you there at first.
I didn't realize what they were at first.
I didn't see her right away when I went back in.
I didn't make you use it the first time.
At first, I kept seeing him everywhere.
First my dad wanted to sue the school
At first I thought she meant like
At first I didn't even consider it
At the beginning I was very very emotional.
To begin with, my old leather bag had been just a quirky character trait.
At first I was pretty much disowned from my dad.
This is how it started for me.
That did surprise me at first.
I guess I thought the same about you at first.
My strategy from the beginning was
First my vagina was locked, and now.
And to begin with I rather liked each new exotic addition
At first I couldn't see her because she had her back to me.
I thought thought we were helping in the beginning
I was actually really nervous at first.
I felt like you were my gut from the very beginning.
Look, I was a little hard on you in the beginning.
I did think that at first, yes.
Well, I left at first.
I simply observed the gentle Smurfs at first.
I was pretty nervous actually.
I gave you your first few roles and your career as a result.
I started you all out on 100.
I never get which key goes in which lock the first time.
I wish I had known that when we met,
I was taken with him at first,
At first it was an intensity
At first I was upset by his visit,
I was in total shock at first,
One second I'm being tossed around.
It was too much to think about at that point.
From the very beginning I have been called a star.
The only reason I got bit in the first place
At first all I had to do was pay back the loan plus the interest,
And I'm starting by making a few changes.
And first I want a harpist and then a string quartet.
At first I just thought he was taking whoever was available.
At first I thought he was lying to us, but he really came clean with me, man.
I found him rather amusing at first.
At first I thought it was a kind of make - up job.
At first I thought just with his wisdom,
At first I thought maybe a raccoon
For the first time, I feel lost in a place that's always felt like home.
I thought she was a heifer at first.
At first I thought it was the driest piece of shit I'd ever read.
I thought it was odd at first, but then I remembered your dissertation was on the fluidity of metaphor.
And at first, you know, I was all insulted.
Yeah, at first I thought it was because I'm suddenly 
I figured it was some kind of pollen.
Initially I felt life is tough. Very tough.
At first I couldn't believe my bad luck.
At first I thought I would walk in the park.
I thought at first that he was a devil like me.
I thought at first we were going to have to go in blind,
First I thought my child was tortured
At first I thought it was necessary to protect the city.
And at first l thought l' d fooled him.
At first I thought it was the driest piece of shit I'd ever read.
Well, at the beginning, I thought it was theater.
I was upset about the shirt sleeves at first,
At first I tried to grow the pot.
I was mistaken about her in the beginning.
At first, you know, I said, "that's a joke".
This isn't starting out so well.
At first I went to plunder in the west.
At first I go where everyone else goes you know - terrorist.
First I was down $50, now I'm up by $300.
I didn't believe it, but here you are with a real, live cop.
I can't begin to understand
At first I couldn't even see it.
I wasn't sure at first.
At first, I thought everybody had
My first thought was
At first, I thought, "maybe she just likes to talk dirty".
At first I thought they were fishermen or pirates or something.
At first I thought they wanted to take turns having sex with me.
At first I just thought he was taking whoever was available. Except he's operating a bloodmobile.
At first l thought he was one of your stooges.
First, I thought, you know, maybe he'd be at least a little happy that I wasn't dying, but.
At first I thought he meant a reptile.
For a moment there I thought you were just a dumb hick
For a moment there I thought you were just a dumb - hair colonial
Initially I thought she was taken there by car, but now.
At first I thought she was joking.
At first I thought they were just camouflaging,
First I thought it was early Alzheimer's or something.
At first I thought it was just like another game that I also did not want to play
I thought it was them at first.
At first I thought it was a taxi.
At first I thought I was having some horrible vision.
At first I thought it was all deformed, thank you.
At first, I thought pod people. - of course you did.
First I thought it was the guys playing a prank,
At first I thought those were broken blood vessels, but when I swabbed them,
At first I thought it was another Chinese scam like Tia Chi or acupuncture.
For a while I thought this was purgatory.
At first I loved chasing after those mules with my father.
In the beginning, I helped him.
For one second I did wonder,
Originally, I was worried about it
You had me at hello,
I was confused but now I see
I had to push her,
I was skeptical that you'd come at all.
I got a few letters at first and then I didn't hear for months.
I didn't notice it at first
I didn't notice at first, but then I felt a draught.
At first I didn't know how to take it.
At first, I couldn't place your name.
I was okay for a time,
In the beginning I thought it was cute
It was starting to look like the greatest date of my professional career.
But I could do or change nothing
I thought so at first，right?
I did not believe them at first, "but I set out tonight to find out... Find out for sure."
Didn't quite realize how blue they were that first night.
And at first I hated for him to know.
I'll advise you as I find out.
I had to make a game of it at the start.
At first I was just encouraging you
The first wig was your idea.
From the start Margaret Thatcher loved the busy life .
First this entire crowd was yelling to get you off.
Everything was going on okay one minute
Cut open with a little machine doing the job of his liver for him.
At first taking off the wig was a little bit scary,
First my girlfriend now the team?
First you scream, "find the bastards."
The remuneration at first will be very small.
First that thing with my bra,
You picked at the bridal store.
It was hard.
I mean at the beginning, you know, it was so much fun.
I mean at first,
It was nice at first.
It started out nice, but then it kind of seemed like
At first it was sort of funny because everyone thought I was the father.
It was looking promising, Then it fell apart.
It was tough for a while.
We got really excited at the beginning of rehearsal.
I started this work thinking
Starts in litigation working antitrust but quickly gets bumped up to associate general counsel.
Is that why you came to me? 
And as I said at the beginning, specifically to the first and second styles of Roman wall painting,
What I would have said was an adamant 45.
First the government wanted to kill him, now l do.
The church should never have been allowed
Originally the bulldog was not a breed,
And so at the beginning when you have a new pool
They began as alternative news programming to grab a market share
When I first got out there,
He fooled me, too, in the beginning.
There's likely to be a lot at first.
I was equally confused by it at the beginning,
I had trouble accepting things at first, but.
Starts in litigation working antitrust but quickly
Maybe things were a little hard at first,
It was different in the beginning.
And at first it really sucked.
You know in the beginning it was way more ridiculous.
So I started with 1 black and 2 Reds
You look at the black cards, 26.
Started out with 90. There's 21 of us left.
From the start.
We did at first,
At the beginning, it was man alone. No, he's not alone.
It started with a simple drive - by.
Twice a week at first.
They start as stacks of unrelated documents, but stick with it long enough and a pattern can emerge.
A house in Cabo San Lucas for starters.
And I started off a little rough,
Didn't belong to her in the first place.
First as the second best in in the world.
It started out as a scrapbook and just kind of mutated.
It was a video game first. You're right.
Well, they started as bedtime stories.
At a support group first.
It starts with a radiating pain at the base of my spine
At first, but l have followed them too long.
I did at first, but over time I came to find.
Yeah at first, but we're actually becoming good friends.
At first， but that was like a year ago.
First you pick a fight with this guy.
You're the one who got me into the dark truth in the first place!
First you insist that I use your designer, and then you tell her that she can't work for me anymore?
You made her do it in the first place
You're the one who pushed the button in the first place.
First the locker now this.
First with the doll， and now this.
You know it starts with dinner then the next thing you know,
A few at first then more and more.
Starving at the front,
First it's Camus and Kierkegaard and now after run out of namedropping,
First counter - espionage then counter - terrorism.
It started as a fever.
It was called spar row.
Only in so far as we met
First with him and then with you, right?
First we'll have the yelling,
But when it first started.
First at a Christmas party that was at a place, like,
It started off as a cage in my bedroom.
It started out as yoga.
First Mexico, now Texas?
First it's eunuchs,
First the hair, now this?
And plus she's the one who's always pushing me to be better
At first she's a total doll,
First on student visa, then I graduate, find work,
Started with a condom and we kept it going with our gloves and equipment.
It began as brutal attacks against the victims and now it's psychological attacks to the families.
Well, small at first.
You start out in the parlor houses.
First they move you in. Then they stay.
It started with a visa request.
At first they were open, Like they aIways were,
First a cop killer, now a dirty cop?
From the start it was clear that there were
It was all good fun.
It was at first.
Which was difficult at first, but now we all agree, it's for the best.
In the beginning was the thought that acts.
First you had a cold.
We traveled together at the beginning of summer.
That we're the ones who put it there in the first place.
They start out that I'm in here but.
It started with my mother the funeral.
I was pretty freaked at first. 
First my dad, now Lana.
Yeah, my case initially.
I mean it was mine long before I lent it to you.
It started with excruciating headaches,
They start off with gas stations, move on to banks.
It wasn't easy at first. Being dismissed,
First it's lying. Then he's sneaking out.
First it was a church, then a mosque.
Small patches at first and then over time it spread.
You can't master it from the very beginning. But, boy,
Well, things were kind of rocky at first,
Crudely at first, but yeah. I think they got the hang of it.
Well, we were, then we weren't.
First he's killing, now he's kidnapping?
First there would be a desperate cold,
Well, it starts with alums and boosters
First, drug dealers did it. When that didn't pan out,
First the incense, then the dead housekeeper,
I mean, it started out as a little throwaway comment,
It started with card games.
First with money then with threats.
It begins as a stimulus from the cerebral cortex
At the beginning, yeah,
Eh, yeah, at first.
Initially? Yeah
At first, but that was before I got to know you.
At first, but I have followed them too long.
I guess. At first. Now men in general,
It's hackwork at first, but you can make good.
First the goo doesn't work.
First they're red 
First it was the tattoos,
As an independent traveler orbiting the sun.
It started as a "depression - era "practice,
First I had a sweet dream,
You 'll start by talking.
How did you betraying me turn into you saving me?
He started on their honeymoon with a hotel masseuse.
Started with graffiti, reckless driving.
Emasculation to begin with.
Doing it right takes a little bit longer, but it's worth it.
It starts with her firing the sandwich guy
First the police asking questions and now that lot.
To sue, now this.
That was the first flash. Since then the word used is simply "shot".
At first... Yeah.
That's how it started, yes.
At first I did, but.
Originally, but.
We start wide with Ellen absolutely still in the middle of the frame.
First the cascading failure, now market manipulation.
Started with a condom,
Is started out that way,
It started out that way
It started out as a wine cellar, and then I decided just to go all out.
Well, there was first drinking,
In the beginning, but you can't tell me 
First it's Madison, and then ruby, and now Cara.
Just so goddamn bored in the first place.
How much is the buy in?
Most likely you'll lose your voice first,
We started with 16 brave aviators.
There were some pitch problems.
Okay, so at first you're presented with 3 choices,
At first it was fun having a partner.
Something's always bothered me about that from day one.
Volunteers at the beginning.
At first. But I have followed them too long.
We had a few in the beginning, but we never got any real traction.
Where once there were four.
At first I saw him all the time.
You felt fear though in the beginning? Yes.
Not after the first bit.
Not after the first bit.
First it's a little irritating. You hear it a few times. You hum it in the shower.
The beginning was a little rough.
And it started off pitch.
It's kind?
There's love and then there's everything else.
Some of them will try to beat you up at first.
Initially indications were that he jumped from a bridge.
First, there's these young people.
In the beginning there was hum from a poet 
Someone crazy enough to kill her in the first place?
It was here at the beginning!
To begin with the conifers are sparse
At first, was decorated at one point in part by Michelangelo.
The other one should never have been bought in the first place.
There never was any. Convince the terrorists of that.
In the beginning, each struggle seemed different from the one before it.
Everyone gets an absinthe spoon at initiation.
Everyone's a little wild in the beginning.
Everybody was eating so much at first,
At first they shot 10 of us for every German killed.
Fans get really crazy during games.
You were pretty one dimensional at the beginning.
First it fills the dry channels,
First nobody checks out this husband's custody suit
At the beginning, nobody knows
No one knew at first how far back the fracture went or even where it led to.
Nothing at first. I mean.
And didn't think anything of it at first.
Didn't pop at first because the record's sealed.
I always felt really bad that I couldn't bring you on board initially.
Not much of one at first.
Not at first. Not at first.
Nobody gave her the respect in the beginning.
Not at first, but it spread.
Not at first, uh, eventually.
Hadn't told her to try
And when we didn't get a response, we offered a reward.
This is unexpected and not like you at all.
Not at first not for the first year.
Well, I didn't at first.
Well, I didn't at first, but it was dark. Maybe I missed it.
Well, I didn't at first, but it was dark.
Oh,not at first. Right after I pointed it out.
It didn't start out as a make - out session.
It's the first time that heather is really confronted with the dream.
When the original ancient port was overtaken by pirates, its villagers fled into the hills.
From the start Shannon knew my problem
Started off a little rough vocally.
They started with metals then almost anything else.
Cooking helped for a while. I guess I got bored.
It felt damn good at first but when it became too much
You can make a mistake right off the bat and go off in a way different direction,
Initially the foxtrot was torture.
At first the sheer scale of the bait ball seems to daunt the predators.
You almost don't hear it at first,You think Oh, my gosh
It was going pretty well.
From the first it was a success
Start off slow and then grab a beat with it.
Then we started in on the memories.
You can't get off the crazy train.
Yeah, it did initially,
At the end of those first two weeks not one person resigns.
Initial confession and diary entry?
From the white knight to a gun in the truck.
The first few sessions were quite dull.
Them first few months, I was just.
This initial reaction is quite normal.
He started off with smaller commands,
That means the original spam message was for him, too.
It starts with the challenges for both reward and immunity that test even the fittest of athlete.
What started out as a good time quickly devolved,
It seemed too easy at first,
The first week was just heaven for me. Having a ball.
In the beginning,
He tried to be.
It was like a sultry and sexy thing that you started with,
A dream that started out like a nightmare.
The very first time?
First she's all about Declan,
At first it's all like that. You'll get used to it.
Very much so at first.
It was just knee - highs around the house at first.
And initially I was just sort of taking it all in 
I mean at first I hated myself.
At first, I was so confident.
When I first walked up I have on a dress with heels.
I think in the beginning,
I could tell by the stars we were heading East.
Originally, I kind of felt like.
The so - called best fruit human made was flat at first.
At the beginning, that was great because every every new location was somewhere,
It's natural in the beginning.
Yes, in the beginning.
Palsy comes first,
I did at first.
It started off as a signature. Now it's become something else.
Oh, it definitely drew me to you at first.
Well, in the beginning the first messages this light in the window,
That initial test result was probably due to a corrosive chemical in the soil,
The spirit of the Web in the beginning was
The starting salary is $500 a week now.
Initiation gone wrong?
Well, for starters your company.
The original was the clone. You were speaking to the clone.
I mean the first part of it was a little weird for me.
When Gabe said "lunch and a movie".
From the start gates was overshadowed by the more polished confident jobs.
I started believing that maybe I was smart after all,
You know we love each other.
First you set your sights on some guy in accounting,
It didn't appear to be at first,
Since the first time I saw her,
I mean at first they seem unrelated and disparate,
It might look like a stroke at first.
Guys all seem nice at first.
It seems simple at first.
It was painful at first, but I have made my peace.
It was such a hit the first time. I know,
It started out really innocent, and I swore that I would stop.
It's really hard at first.
I'm the one who knew.
It started out as Venus and it grew.
Well, it did put a crimp on things at first, but that just forced us toe more creative.
Now, initially scientists were only able to detect
You started off sounding one way,
They start simple and crude
Once you start with the math you don't stop, right?
They fail because while they're dating,
Ins! Put your hands where I can see !
And it was all going great
An impressive first
You start to tell the story you think you're the hero.
Ghost has had the jump on us from the get - go, right?
Well, just at first, but then he came right past me.
Early stages. Early stages of an orgy.
Doesn't matter what you talk about at first,
The first one's always the hardest.
Our judges were good natured.
Start by playing nice. Then we can get nasty.
Ridiculous that I was even arrested in the first place.
Eventually acquitted of the murder of his younger brother.
First, you will get attracted by roast beef.
Being dismissed. And for what I was accused of?
It wasn't easy at first being dismissed and for what I was accused of.
Missed the first time.
It starts with carefully observing who's at what location,
At first it can be very hard.
In the beginning， you have to make them Iaugh.
Ln the beginning, you have to make them laugh
I didn't like his eyes when I first saw him
I should have been more careful with my initial dissection.
You worked slowly at first, you disguised what you were doing.
The one that got his initial confession.
And at first the reporters will be serious about it,
First it was a hate crime against a gay man,
First you order a dishwasher.
Starting with whispers. 
Everyone go slow at first, please.
I guess both me and Knoxville were old men in the first, and bam.
Virus has plagued the human race from the very beginning,
He came up from narcotics, and now he's homicide.
Early on gamblers like to play the long shot.
And started with the Viennese waltz
The odds were stacked against you from the start.
We'll clear the scene when it's ready for transport.
At first it's like.
I did for a while.
It started out fine. She's a very nice person.
It's funny the first few times.
At first it was for fun, but then we decided to look up the Aurelia.
First it was once in a while.
Initially in the cellar. But you know people.
At first he was talking.
You know it was fine at first.
Too specific in the beginning,
One second she's fine and then she does a bitch flip.
You feel fine for one day until the radiation starts making you feel sick and you leave.
It was subtle at first,
It was subtle at first, and then it got really bad. I finally filed a grievance.
At first with some feigned hesitation?
Had me fooled at first.
First we kind of liked it, and then it just became a bad reminder.
But at first it wasn't so bad. You must have missed him.
We were doing OK for a while. And then we were attacked.
Which smells good at first until you feel your breakfast coming back up.
At first it was just sort of a weekend thing for fun.
Little rusty at first,
The first time you still have a conscience and feel bad.
It was funny at first but then it became a daily thing.
At first it was fine. They were talking business.
It didn't start off so bad. You know I thought I'd maybe
Didn't have the first notion on how to spring you.
To begin with, it's not a game. It's a deal
First, our hosts attacked us. Right.
At first, the lamp was heavier than the bronze weight.
It was first used as a legal placeholder
Those things were uncomfortable for me at first,
I want you to know that this started out as an assignment
First, this was a suicide. Now you're accusing a minister of murder?
I know it's just hockey.
At first it was just orders.
It started as a hobby but now takes up most of my time.
it was a bad deal. you know what I took the risk.
First this was a suicide.
It could have seemed like boredom at first.
This was an impossible case right from the start
Oh. There used to be a clock tower.
He's going to have a hard time at first.
Well, first it seemed like a good idea, but one night I stopped by the house.
I used to have to make an effort to switch between imprints,
Established as a homeland for freed American slaves,
There was kind of a love affair at the beginning.
This thing starts kind of slow.
This thing starts kind of slow.
Oh, I set it up so perfect, too.
In the beginning I couldn't even breathe.
It's her fault for getting things started with you in the first place.
First they told us there is good jobs, good money.
At first, they were really simple ‘where's Waldo' type things.
At first those happy pills really helped me a lot.
At first， the evidence was mostly circumstantial,
For starters the same hacker offered to sell the information to me.
That's been our unit's cover story since the beginning.
You started in the first verse.
At first, it gave me pleasure.
It was tolerable at first
Never starts as dangerous.
That's how it always starts.
Started with denial, right?
At first, it was just like usual.
They always start with something small,
It always starts with me stealing silverware.
First time for everything, right?
It always starts this way.
It all started with the gangs. You know, people tend to forget that.
They're all a little nervous at first.
It started out innocent enough.
I always do in the beginning you aren't?
From the start buttermilk was born with a special social grace
In the beginning the weight,
Usually starts with a holla and ends with a ice cream.
AIex drew us together from the beginning.
It was pissing down with rain earlier. I was just about to Chuck it in.
You need tons of guys to write programs, but only a few black hats to implement it.
Lt was a shock at first but nothing's changed.
From the beginning west had a chip on his shoulder for this guy named pike.
Which lied and flied until it died
Standard protocol for ordering drinks.
Sharks have been here since the beginning,
And then school starts and you can't be bothered.
She's got a very good scene right at the beginning.
They walked in on you at 11:00 at night in my bedroom.
So he gets all fucked in his head after the invasion, you know?
You will get your money when shooting is started.
Went down as soon as we started it up.
Shoot and you screw up your life.
You shoot it.
There's nothing discreet about a rifle.
Every time I get comfortable.
One I can shoot him.
Shot that ting. Died easy.
One blast from those Sonics could blow the whole fracture apart,
If they start shooting, you just hit the deck and stay there.
And once it was fired, the gun fell to the floor.
One! You got to be kidding me.
One and go!
As soon as that bell rings, we'll be in the money.
And when he answers, they're just gonna, 
I just opened the door and he kissed me.
Came in right upon opening.
And being greeted at the door by the freak in 'king of the jungle.
And sees this beautiful tree.
When I meet you at the door I'm like an alley cat
When you opened that door I got a "rock ‘em sock' em robot" pow to the chin.
But come dinner time everyone comes and sits down at the table.
L came to you right after my contract has been signed.
I'll clean the atelier as soon as I'm
Into my hands.
When I kick your ass again.
Archers ready. Archers.
I simply get their conscience to guide them.
A house mortgage for $100,000?
A check for $10,000.
With a check for $1 million.
A postal order for 10 shillings.
One ten and two singles.
A 12 foot long mahogany conference table.
Wood cut that shows the 1561 sighting over Nuremberg,
It's a map from 1945 showing all the old rail lines.
A receipt that was dated may 21, 2006,
A whole 20?
Twenty bucks apiece. Those tickets were only $12.50.
The average lifespan of a $20 bill is two years.
There are only 52 cards in single - deck blackjack.
In the amount of $286 each month.
For $20,000 last week,
For us to just see a check for $20,000 that can help so much it was great.
A 1930s recording part of the folk song collection.
That would be $400 each.
And a cheque for 5,000 made out in the name of Mr Sherlock Holmes.
The 500 dollars' one.
That half - million dollar ticket,
Check for $5,250.
That is a check for $65,000.
One six, all right.
One for the 8:00 hot tub time machine.
You miss the eight
It's a photograph of a kid, 15,16 years old.
A check for $10 million?
One hour of recording to a record company,
A photo of her and Perry from a year ago
One. One. One chair. Oh. Thank you!
A check for a million dollars or this dirty old beet.
A parking ticket in front of Miami - Dade bank three days ago.
A picture made the cover of the yearbook.
One says “walk.”
It is for Lessons
A piece of paper with an original signature on it.
One weak photo shoot and you are at the bottom.
This is a beautiful picture of you and your mum there in little bathing suits.
By putting out an album that won her the first of five Grammys.
All his imperial recordings in a single set,
A product launch have been cancelled.
We all know a missing death certificate is not significant.
Table for two, please.
‘one, two...' three, four. Yeah, l know. Thank you.
A serious looking face,
An open chair at Jorge's for Gina?
A lottery ticket? It's a hope ticket.
Nine up, nine up. Blow.
Don't take any photographs.
I haven't got any.
Not even one? Yes, not even one.
We couldn't manage to take any picture
A messed - up map.
An invoice from a lumber store.
One for five, two for nine!
Of his dead wife or only son anywhere in his entire house.
A human face.
A person’s face, a certain smell, a familiar sound.
A map for what, Charlie? What's the map for?
A plane ticket from Los Angeles to Sydney, tonight.
I want a ticket for tonight. Just one.
A trump card never played.
A ticket from there to
A photo of him and you.
And photographs that he hopes may give other intelligences elsewhere
A preprinted card from his father.
Of him going down into the subway.
A little certificate stating my marksmanship qualifications.
A cuddly face.
Hey, a $50 gift certificate
Uh, a list of preferred products to be used on her hair,
Each coupon good for a maximum of 12 boxes per customer!
A face that will storm every household!
The business Card of an accountant?
And a talking tablecloth. I'm trembling.
A flyer.
That flier admits one person only,
One for each call. Hurry up, time's up.
A summons.
A subpoena, Monday,
A warrant.It's a Gannon warrant.
One of your parking lot access cards
One guest? You told me I could have six tickets.
Of your dead loved one was a popular keepsake.
A picture of you and her
And one of your mother,
There's a baby picture of your brother Jonathan.
A bank card to a well - funded account in your new name.
A betting slip of a wager placed by your father before he called you
And one for you.
One for you and one for your grandma.
One picture of yourself in your soccer uniform.
A check that you believe came from a dummy account, that's all.
One bed? What are you talking about?
Ooh! A note. I love notes.
A handsome face.
I have a credit card receipt to prove that.
A credit card to Angelo ledda's name.
How many times can you read one raven scroll?
A new rendering of that suspect zero photo.
A fake passport or becoming a stowaway.
A parking receipt.
A gym card.
A savings bond.
And it's a pompous white man.
The black spot I thought so.
One gift certificate to the Walker brothers pancake house.
To be a face of love.
A disc.
A golden ticket?
Get out of jail free card.
A gift certificate for a free wedding dress.
A "get out of jail free" card.
Two for the price of one, okay?
And with our all - access hover chairs, even grandma can join the fun.
Where the whole family went skiing.
A family picture.
This is a full - scale printout
That will be one adult and two adults.
Is a bus poster and some audiotapes.
And a Web of financial and political connections all over the world to corporations,
A sofa sprouting springs.
A clipboard is as good as a skeleton key.
Um, a piece of paper with numbers on it.
A list of all the wrongs I have to right before I die.
A check written to Virginia hill for $5,000.
One "farmer", please.
A list of renters for the past few years. And your boss should have told you I'm not a cop.
A fierce face.
Hi. One scratcher, please!
One bus ticket to Austin. 8:00 a.M.Tomorrow.
A one - way ticket to Bangkok,
One ticket for robot city. Where are you going?
I need a ticket to new York please.
One ticket to Kunsan.
One ticket to Miami $1,350.
Last night's magic was courtesy of my now maxed - out discover card.
There's not one picture of your ex boyfriends here?
One copy is for you, one is for us.
A gas station receipt? 18 of them.
With a check for $100,000.
A check for ten weeks' salary the day you go. I'm gonna hand it to you personally.
A criminal Web with a thousand threads
That I saw.
A list. You made a list.
A prescription for prenatal vitamins.
One ticket one - way to Sao Paolo.
A one - way ticket?
With a one - way ticket and no luggage.
500 won for each page
A card? Yeah.
Just like a card or something.
A card came out. Fascinating.
A burger wrapper with lipstick on it.
A piece of plastic with a dead man's face on it.
One first class one - way ticket to Kiev, Ukraine
One ticket to Yemen?
One ticket to Calais.
One ticket to the North pole, please. Broom - closet class.
This is a bus ticket to saint Petersburg.
Ticket to Egypt for one.
Ticket to Mexico.
A ticket for Baghdad!
A return to Paris, please.
A ticket to Vegas.
One ticket for robots city
One ticket to Paris, please. Exit visa.
One ticket to Jo 'burg.
Uh, one way to new haven, please.
Of plane tickets to Vegas - one with my name on it.
An plane ticket for America.
I would like to book a flight to Fiji.
One ticket to Mont Laurier, please. 
One to Bayswater and one to Paddington.
With a long ugly snout?
One king and two doggy beds and can I have synthetic pillows?
One queen - size bed is all right? Yeah, it's just me and my daughter.
Starts every sentence with, "the way things used to be". Guy living in the past.
One? - only one.
One? Only one.
A photograph lasts forever, right?
It was a terrible, stony face.
A horrible face of a boyfriend?
"A cute face "," a cute awareness ".
A hammock. Good.
It's just a list of people like me.
Just one shot. No.
A note containing a sexual description that might.
And a contact card came up from Saturday night.
A picture of herself with him.
One snapshot with a socialite
A peace treaty would be a huge strategic advantage.
All you need is a jar of honey and a glass coffee table.
A coffee table, a couple of rolls of toilet paper.
Seven cents a record. Can you do that?
In a festive and tolerant fucking mood.
One mouth, two... Three, four
Saying you want to be popular guarantees it isn't gonna happen.
You readily provided sexual service to any man who asked
My lips move but only dust comes out.
And a mouth.
Down at the mouth.
The face of a prisoner, a dog, is not particuIarIy remembered.
A canopy bed and goats.
A return ticket.
A photo is useless.
In a picture, a graphic, a block of text, all right?
A round table? What sort of evil is this?
A turkey map. Thank you very much.
One on the Ottoman, one on the chair,
One on the couch
An apology note left at the site of a hit and run.
One in the living room and one in the bathroom.
It's a map.
One map.
Was this map.
A map. What kind of shoe
One map, and we're all together.
A map. This is the Arctic circle. Investigate who made the clock.
Is a change of address form.
A one 500 dollars' note, right?
A brave face wiII break soon
A plastic card.
A single irregular ballot is holding up a final decision in the state.
Fill your name in on one. The other list is the missing.
One prescription isn't gonna make you -
An alien who shoved his face in the dirt, and I am gonna find him.
A note in a foreign language.
Quite the unfortunate face.
A big mouth is a sign of fear and ignorance.
A very big picture.
One of those big beds?
One big paycheck. 
A big oak bed that my grandfather had made, and I.
A high card, minus one. A low card plus one.
And a big four - poster bed.
One large pepperoni and pineapple pizza con extra queso.
This massive net or something.
1 ticket round trip metropolis to Cairo
Who worked the ship, keep rattling cages.
For a big enough check, they'll rain hot lead down wherever you want.
A charge was made here this morning from a stolen credit card.
One with the hair loose one tied up.
For a first - class ticket.
One clean shot of her ear.
One, okay. Go. Go.
See, the thing about a good photo, you can stare at it over and over and still find.
A great photograph can capture a soul.
A decent card, huh?
A decent card, huh? All right, here we go.
How to find what you need.
Jealousy isn't a good look on you.
A wedding portrait Lithuanian couple.
A happy weeding card.
A crib,
A piece of paper would fall -
A piece of paper would fall.
What a difference it makes in their lives to be blemish - free.
An ideal a smile that conjures up the universe.
An official document.
It's a treasure map.
Here we have a bill from the pet castle,
One flyer was exchanged to a notebook or a dictionary.
A single comp card? 
A scared expression is worth more than
A warrant to search your car.
One card. A straight or a flush, dr. Reid, what are you trying to fill in?
That table might as well have been the grand Canyon.
Put a cot in for me, some herbal teas. I'd like to get a dog, if that's okay?
Yeah, a cot. I'm moving in.
A little citation now and then lets him know he's a part of this town.
It's a small check, but it's a check.
Just one will do.
I've suffered enough.
That's all we need, 
I think one's good. Thank you.
Just need one.
A new one hundred dollar bill.
A list of state and local events taking place tomorrow.
A big giant check! I'm so happy! I've never been.
Like this massive net or something.
One picture is enough
One return ticket to Paris coming up, sir.
100,000 for a picture of Britney peeing on a lady bug.
$100,000 for a picture of Britney and she is at a hotel in our town.
Left in the trash.
With a happy face on it.
A lucky card.
A list of the regulars in the square.
One bed, four bitches? Be honest.
A simple bed or a thing or... Ooh!
The bed, a couple bookcases, a dresser, 2 nightstands,
Same bed if it's not offensive to you.
A real bed! Yeah.
By giving him a bed, 
A bed. Uh, a couple windows.
On his big toe was too much to bear.
A bed and a plate of food.
There's only one bed, and there's four guys.
One bed's all we need.
Even a cancelled card can come in handy sometimes.
One card leads to the next.
The spewing out of this sort of race hatred.
Strange faces staring down at us.
There's the opening mouth.
Try one in one. Pull up his old DMV photo.
A sea of hungry faces demanding the match of a lifetime.
A sort of get out of jail free card.
Every face a different shade!
Spread out, spilling out.
A colored photograph. To whom shall I address it?
A lottery ticket?
A lottery ticket and a laundry receipt.
The whole ticket is only 4 pesos. It's a sure winner.
One round - trip ticket.
One ugly puss, huh?
Sign on his fridge saying "don't forget to eat".
It's a very little piece of paper.
A horrible face at the window.
And they were beautiful even in black and white.
And make me smile.
And one of the countryside between dsseldort and Hanover.
A snapshot, gentlemen.
A wretched scrap of paper, wretched lines in faded ink.
An important record.
Original Italian poster of the "400 blows".
A thank you note?
One adult and one child.
I'll take one adult and one faggot.
An adult and three kids? Who could that be, I wonder?
One adult, please. 
On a single sheet of paper using what we call the three - color process,
The face we all had once.
What about a picture of me putting shoes in the bin？
It was a face I didn't know,
A face I never thought I would see.
The face I wish were in the front row right now.
One more me.
One for me and one for you.
One of my laundry bills
One of my laundry bills... an unfinished novel.
In the new pants that they bought.
A card I wrote myself.
A map of the house I 'll be staying at, a picture of me now.
It's a picture of me with poison Ivy,
A list of stuff that I haven't done
An estate agent's photo and the bloody Greenwich pips.
A room key... Even though you both reside locally.
A list of people in all military special programs.
There's a man with a poker face.
One vote makes a difference? Not mathematically true.
A get one free pizza at Gianni 's.
A voucher for $250 worth of books.
A hug table.
For a special weapons license and a car.
A access card
A form to describe their lives and a kit to sew your own clothes.
A one - line bill for services rendered.
What's that a search warrant?
A big fat tuition check for my college.
A check?
A check? 
A check will do.
It's a check. I don't believe it. Let me look.
Whatever he has to do to make a paycheck.
We get charged 15 cents per check.
It's the receipt.
A receipt. I found it on her desk.
To leave a receipt laying around.
At ampered chip, a false card, it always worked till now.
Not a single picture of the church.
Things you can do with a diploma.
Picture of Stan and your family on the back cover.
How does a new picture get to be 50 years old?
A very unfamiliar and distorted image appears.
One diamond.
A tourist attraction of your choice valid until summer 2007
A list of hotels and other creative housing options.
A relatively painless inventory,
A map with no names. A city with an oasis due East， Here.
An interest - free credit card.
An infinite network of human connections.
But unfortunately.
A postcard.
A postcard's all right... Maybe you could come see us some Sunday?
A postcard would have been fine.
One taken shortly before, the other just after.
One for you, one for your husband, and one for this young man,
One was for rosary beads hanging from his rear view mirror.
One for her consort prince Philip.
One was of me the other was of someone else 
One says "walk".
And the other says "talk."
One for the new brass rail
A simple speeding ticket can be a life or death matter
One perfect one. It comes from the light of the sun after it's set.
One that is strong and intricately spun.
A face with features.
A useful piece of paper
And a wrinkly face
A sheet of stationery has an imprint on it.
A funny shaped pancake, but a pancake than a sphere.
A grateful dead album signed by Bob weir.
I already own.
Just a ticket for one.
One slip, one single slip,
A face from the past.
It's a note from a "kick bones."
A postcard from romantic Italy.
A parking violation incurred outside poor man's cemetery,
It's a piece of loose - leaf, crumpled.
A floor plan to what looks like a house.
At a photograph from a Grayson party.
A desk.
A table.
And a tabIe and chairs, or “stools” as they caII them here.
A baseball card?
$180 for a baseball card.
What's the deal with this baseball card?
Just a seat and a menu will be sufficient for now.
A chair
And a chair and a table.
And I see no functional advantage in a marvelous mouth.
Just a Eurail pass and a backpack full of failed socialist policies.
A regular face. No, it isn't.
A death certificate. He died 4 weeks ago.
A map of death.
A photograph of dead fish led them to this.
It's a receipt for three boxes at a $1.99 each.
A red card he could have no excuse about.
But it was a lackluster photo that convinced the judges
An unsentimental photograph.
Got a blanket missing.
One blanket and 2 knives.
One map to water,
A map of Hanover
A Persian carpet and Faberge eggs for the mantel.
Saw it on a poster.
A consignment receipt from Hagen & Graham auction house?
A list!
A list of techniques to implement
A list of locations to hide them for delivery to Rome.
A cast net.
A video game, but I get to play it whenever I want.
A blood - covered tarp.
Photographs of bruises on a pretty girl prove to be very effective.
A good face, and maybe he's all right.
A fair face will wither, a full eye will wax hollow
It takes more than a pretty face to disarm me.
We all know being a supermodel is not just about looking good.
Why are you fretting about that scrap?
A burned table's the boss's deal.
A hot bitch poster. Damn it! Sign me up!
A photo.
Of me and Lindsay?
There's a different woman in each of these photos.
You can't capture chemistry with a photo .
A photo might have changed my life.
Did you manage to get any decent photo?
One photo, almost all on its own turned that around.
That one shot can either make you stay or go home.
A picture is worth like a thousand words.
One photograph that's his next move.
In Baxter's apartment was taken
Now, the right picture can win or lose a war.
One picture there would make him happy.
One shot, and I didn't want to blow it for him.
A photograph! "I lov you" out of Caracas.
A photograph! "l lov you" out of Caracas.
One picture's worth a thousand words. Tell her that.
You can't capture 20 years of marriage in a snapshot.
It's just a picture.
It's a picture! I know what picture. There are lots of them.
It's just the picture that came with the frame.
Since a picture is worth a thousand words.
You can't tell that from a photo.
A photo, taken of jacobo in front of the coolsonian.
There will not be any pictures.
On a bear skin rug.
A familiar face.
Now there's a familiar face！
A photograph of edwige.
The erotic intensity of the shared bed.
It's a signed I.O.U. From Thomas Edison.
A picture of parents pushing a kid on a swing?
A Fiat map wouldn't tell you
A special deed of gift after his death of all he dies possessed of.
A picture of a dog?
A picture of a dog?
The trump card.
A cynical little pout.
Why the hell is a photo from today mixed in with photos from 91?
One warranty card for Swedish - made penis enlarger pump.
One credit card receipt for Swedish - made penis enlarger.
An old postcard from SwitzerIand.
A birthday card.
A leaf of lettuce,
A map drawn by its chief librarian, Eratosthenes.
A transfer form requesting the president be moved to camp David effective immediately.
A movie ticket?
A movie stub,
It's like a picture's worth a 1000 words.
Last time you were admitted here.
A picture popped into my mind of a pump without a handle or something.
A blank paper?
A blank piece of paper!
On a blank piece of paper.
Clean slate， A new beginning?
A leather bow, and a horse,
A surveillance photo can tell you a lot about the photographer.
Was one clean shot off the security camera.
To a picture of the real killer.
A real bill bound to a stack of filler will do.
A map that knows where I am?
A face of stone.
You can have his stupid card back.
This is a photograph of a broken mirror.
A torn piece of paper?
Admittedly ridiculous but is also irrelevant to Mulvey's character.
You'd demean yourself for a card
One for the world, and one which she wears in private.
A gift certificate? You would say that?
A social security card. A driver's license.
That' ll be six dollars.
One ticket, not two.
One ticket to snake's end.
How much is a ticket?
A ticket would be enough.
One ticket. I just need one seat. I'm sorry, no.
You know a ticket's not that important to me.
One ticket please.
A boat - rental agreement. I need them.
They can't possibly keep.
It's a cheque. You can fill in what you like.
With a clean passport, a wad of cash
And you've got yourself a blank check.
A blank paper?
In what appears to be a giant Web.
You got a rough sketch, and you got a suspect
One heart.
A heart, a club - you know, like playing cards.
A red card.
A yellow card and the way out for balbir..
This piece of paper says "I fear".
Each towel has blood from only one victim.
Five bills a sheet, at least 80 sheets missing from this ream 
In Italian on a sheet of paper and send it via fax at work.
A square of nine dots on paper,
A piece of paper with numbers and figures.
A piece of paper isn't going to change that.
A singIe piece of paper. 
A piece of paper isn't going to protect me.
A piece of paper like this!
A piece of paper that I can't really tell you about!
A single piece of paper,
A single piece of paper。
Five bills a sheet, at least 80 sheets missing from this ream - that sounds about right.
Clean break one sheet.
You can get that done with one sheet.
A napkin.
And "Ross" on the other napkin and we're gonna pick one.
A napkin is not a speech.
A paper towel. This one's broken.
How can a piece of paper take away...
Paper? Hmm. Possibly.
A piece of paper! Go give me that one .
A scrap of paper with some names and some numbers.
It's a note.
Did you get excused from math class with a note?
It's a piece of paper.
This doesn't prove anything.
It's just a piece of paper!
Each bill weighs one gram.
A ransom note.
It's a marriage licence.
One to Julian, and one to his boy blinky.
One for you, one for me. Come on, let's leave.
"One for you, one for me. Come on, let's leave."
One for the girls and one for the boys.
One for me and one for you.
One for me, and one for you. Thank you.
One for my grandson's birthday,
A green one.
A  green one. Fair hair with a beard.
A net? A net, aye!
One from the rodeo collection, the other from United parking downtown.
Never had a fine for no parking.
A traffic ticket seems pretty insignificant.
Spare bit of parchment.
Spare bit of parchment. Really? Open it.
Map of the contiguous United States.
An old person and a young person, please.
An icon and his legacy.
A license for flowering and a certificate for royal cuisine.
One vinyl record album.
That would harm my snake of a husband
A map that will lead you straight to your son.
A face just passed by me. I think he's the one.
Well, a face that... called my name.
One face looking forward, one looking back.
Is it a face? Yes.
A face and a personality?
A face haunts my mind.
To spite her face.
A face is a canvas.
When a face appeared slowly
This face can looked at night.
A "get out of hell free" card?
In the past week from someone calling himself the architect.
But a nice bed.
Or a soft bed
I can spring for the prom tickets,
This is a ticket for a ship.
And boorish behavior isn't the same as taking the us Treasury hostage?
A blueprint.
A piece of copper on the top and I've got a lead on it.
A picture of a candle, I promise we won't have any fun at all.
A list of things we're not allowed to do.
The face of a prisoner, a dog is not particularly memorable.
A face covered in gray tape.
A rusty paper clip and the broken spine of a lion fish.
To a faded old racing form.
It's a police report. But I didn't press charges.
A face you can't help but fall in love with. Come on!
It's a memory card tied to a string.
It's amazing what a press pass
A beautiful picture of your first moment in robot city.
It's a permission slip, it's a phone bill.
A licence is 24 bucks. Hunting without one is a $1,000 fine and six months in jail.
An all - access pass to my own brain.
What is the big deal about a goddamn picture?
What is a big deal about a goddamn picture? They said that the guy in the photo doesn't exsit.
A fucking porn picture
One, please. Make that two.
The price of an ivory tower sky deck ticket.
A bill for what?
A shopping list. I'm scared to see it.
A sticker.
A greeting card?
You've never gotten a single birthday card?
At the scene of the lobster heist.
It's a speeding ticket. The assault and battery charge.
A photo?
That's a lawn chair.
Such a soft face should be complimented with.
It's actually strange for a bill this old to be in such mint condition.
One of these were found in your son's car.
A parking ticket, a couple of traffic violations.
One vote.
A ticket to Hollywood!
To buy you was freedom.
With an unspecified upper credit authority.
Is draw a map through that minefield so that.
Four arrests, one warrant.
Four arrests, one warrant.
One stamp.
One stamp on top of another and it wasn't done by accident.
I have not found a single bit.
No pictures at all?
Go fish.
Golden ticket claimed and four more...
A key card?
Using nothing more than an ATM card.
It will be long.
A picture of a door?
A face just barely visible in the shadows,
One ticket to anywhere
A group photo. Is it from some sort of retreat?
Within the intersection of the sets "no longer want my time machine".
A cigar coupon. An old razor blade.
Which is to make an incredible album.
a face appeared in thousands of copies.
And that is called a ticket to Vegas.
A ticket? Now, that's funny.
One for every two people. 
For a menu not hideous, and a band not tone - deaf,
A driver's license.
Of the postmortem lividity around the scalp.
And a bill up in the hundreds of thousands
With orange - tawny bill
One spade. Two hearts.
One warhead of this could debilitate an entire army.
50 rounds per magazine 45 caliber.
Flick of flame.
With one shell.
It'd be best if one shot kills him
One: when a customer 
So when things get too tough 
Local girl survives tornado
A local teen was severely beaten under questioning.
Oh, yes. What do you say to them?
Suro. Yours too.
Of course, but leave the people their.
We're completely programmed as soon as the sperm hits the egg.
Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
One and step. Right.
One, to the right... Two, three, and backwards.
Or lose your heart or your chaste treasure open
Damn straight.
You're cracking skulls but it's just work.
On you will go though the weather be foul.
On you will go though your enemies prowl.
Going around for miles.
You could be a work of art if you just go all the way
Unstoppable, unbeatable and untouchable,
Determined ?  yes.
Fearlessness you've never seen before.
One. Good.
The smell! Okay.
Awfully attractive? - of course.
Well met, sir Ludo. Good. Come on.
From dating each other.
Without direct order. Yes, my Lord.
That person cannot leave.
I haven't first tasted myself.
Under no circumstances are you to leave this room.
ShaII be aIIowed to put forth their name for the Triwizard tournament.
Shall be allowed to put forth their name for the Triwizard tournament.
Are collected up and delivered over here to us.
Will be spending the night in lock up.
Shoot on sight!
They simply killed them.
Are to leave their bases.
Without my authorization.
 Are requested to stand outside.
The punishment shall be death by hanging.
Are the same as cockroaches.
Slash the prices.
And destroy them.
Two masters cannot teach the same student!
Gets the girl, he skips to Mexi.
Jetted off to college the first chance they got.
I ordered an extensive forensic report on Farr as soon as he died.
And as soon as I get word I'm taking an unmarked car to pick up location,
I'll make my diagnosis as soon as I have your answer.
When we get more blood, start with this man.
As soon as I learned he was a juror, I shut him down.
As soon as you find out where the fight is call me. I'll take it from there.
One heart one morality.
Exclusively.
Focus on being a bun head.
Just Resolve it.
Minding my own business
A fella who wants nothing more than to love you.
Having one desire dedicating your life to it
Wholeheartedly and even their way of life, we are never going to find peace.
Single - minded， determined just like her mother.
Single - minded, resourceful.
Who dreams of acting but can't do it very well,
And you're completely obsessed with treasure.
He tries to hide his deformity
And settle for getting any job.
He seems to have endeavored to supply
Loyal a mutt and that was attractive.
And a dedicated astronaut.
And looked for me with a spirit undivided
Was preoccupied with American transports down the East coast.
Too interested in yourself to get to know me?
With a divided loyalty,
2 things at once you make mistakes!
Being able to do two things at once is a big part of success.
And it pleases me to think you liked going to bed with me.
I thought I'd have a rich life
Climb as fast as you can.
An idea transcended into life.
Prep for next week's trial.
Fully prepared to have sex for the first time.
Lt goes to the fishing village
Lt says to the back alley!
Just trying to make a better life for herself.
She was committed to getting out of here, moving on with her life.
Always had concern for the country,
And to devote life to seeking to recover health.
In favor of more.
Just carrying out my duties as a wife as a mother,
She dedicated her life to helping others.
With the single - minded task of doing as much work.
So that I could focus on finding a way
All work and no play?
A pure fighting machine with only a desire to win a war that someone else lost.
And just wants to find Molly millions.
Who are always trying to tear the boy down.
They just give you whatever samples came with the best gifts.
It was easy just to want to save her.
All you want to do is kiss them .
Everything is strictly business. That's a good idea.
Thinking about us.
Who just want to lie down.
I just wanted to get out of there.
With a huge heart who only worries about what he could do for other people.
All she wants is this room.
Because they just want to sleep with a girl
Just wanted to get away from him.
She kept trying to get closer and closer and closer.
When all I wanted was a fresh start.
Someone who has one heart to love only one person
Pretty much everything.
From a womanish attachment to France.
A gent of good intent
Ready and willing to sell them a drug.
Multitasking? Like you wouldn't believe.
Devoted mom.
Seeking power and fortune.
And eager to inflict their fate on others.
Praying for my death.
In hopes that through division
Thinking about singing that song sitting at the piano.
Pet the sweaty.
Married to the mission.
Between training you and getting ready for the fight, it slipped my mind.
Always keeps thinking of Lianzhu
It was with the intention of serving the country
Who wanted to go to Disneyland.
With all intentions of living a peaceful life with his wife and daughters.
With a need to know what love is.
A vampire wannabe.
All she wants now is to get home.
You want to be exactly what you hate.
Are obsessed with finding a place to sit down.
Who's been obsessed about finding 
Looks like you're gonna make that U.N.thing happen.
He's so hot for me, we give him a whiff of my ass, he 'll crawl right in it.
He's so hot for me, we give him a whiff of my ass, he'll crawl right in it.
I want to be in the ad game.
Groupies all over you.
Yellow slants who have tried to kill me on many occasions?
Has every intention of our destruction?
The desperate mother who risks everything
You try to take him out with one punch.
Think of how much you want to kill. That's all.
Obsessing about things that don't matter.
I wanted my pills.
All but accused me of murder.
With his heart set on the closest of aye - aye encounters,
Just wanted to get inside your pants.
The vengeful husband and the neglected daughter.
Was knowing at the end of that I would see you.
Women who are obsessed with cleaning their kitchens
Just beIieve in the ball, Jake. And throw yourseIf.
Just waiting to be put out of your misery.
Searching for ways to fill her empty social life.
She was desperate for money.
All we ever dreamed of was having a real family.
Your obsession over making partner,
I only ever wanted to be with him.
Who worked hard trying to bring criminals to justice.
And just wanted to work and make it work,
That would like nothing more than to hijack my master's cargo.
Went bent on... On retribution.
Commodity futures trading Commission wanted to regulate credit default swaps.
Only thinking of making you happy.
Just trying to keep up with him.
Reaching for the moon
About charity and family.
That's what it's like for a struggling actress.
Getting all wrapped up in the asset?
Just making music.
Only our vengeance.
I expect my loving wife to be there.
Looking for some ghetto adventure,
It is a strange thing to wish to die.
So that daddy death wish here could down a bottle of isopropyl.
To believe when Alexander looked you in the eye, you could do anything.
Her willfully thought
Intensive research on his number theories.
Fervently making sure to give each number key a specific forceful push.
With what they were doing in there.
Planning the nationals send off party
I focused on helping other people. 
Which could never be determined.
And feeding your family becomes a federal offense.
Attempting to better your social status at school
Pretty much devoted his life to seeing the Sinclairs put away.
What he wanted was a kingdom of himseIf
And the will to take you down.
You're the one who wanted to send her there.
Just make the picture good.
She has her mind set on waiting for the emperor
He wants to run the Federation of crime?
Went around insisting that a witch had turned him into a vampire.
That would keep you in your accustomed places.
Just trying to get to work.
I'm only dancing.
In the pursuit of your career ambitions?
Dying to see you
And dying to see you but it shouldn't be I like this
I sent him to study in England
He's always searching for what's right on the edge
Determined to prevent a radical
One must unite with one
Put up with too much.
I'll call you the instant things let up. Okay.
When the mouth starts going there goes the whole day.
A devoted husband, loving father,
One watch of type Orient.
Move along. Find me.
Show me. Look.
Come on.
One rag's not enough!
So a terminally ill unsub targets a man who came back from the dead and then starts killing repeatedly.
Come on. Not the dog.
A soap bar and a shirt if you got it.
Quick, this way. All right. Charge!
A moment of weakness, right?
It takes one mistake to change your life.
I could have been in there with them
I could wipe them out with a thought.
Suddenly the skillet was in my hand and I swung.
Your decision, your terms.
And abracadabra energy.
What am I supposed to do? - hold this pen.
What's wrong, Katarina? - nothing.
What was that all about? No sense of humor.
What do you think? - it's nice.
What that bitch say? Each one do what?
Who are gonna dismember me when they find out it's gone.
Kills six more people, and calls back
Outraged Tai lung laid waste to the valley.
And starts cutting people.
We 'll be in trouble,
And in a rage I took my revenge.
If you think,
Thinking sucks.
We rush, we make a mistake
An er nurse. I'm not that into her.
How much in total? 
And when you do some of those agents are gonna be alive,
Congratulations. Sir. My God.
Breath.
Would destroy his show - business career in an instant.
We at least are still alive
Breathing your last?
Yet lives?
The last remnants of human civilization.
A walking dead trying to call it an end
Only just. Then there is still time to heal him.
One, your child seems distant, preoccupied.
This whole uptight thing?
From carrying on in your overly exuberant Latina ways.
Away. - right, well, I appreciate it very much.
Something amazing has happened!
Always do. That's what is want to hear.
I've had cramps I miss more. Shoot him on sight.
And when all the ideas start coming just write down.
The thought that.
And the thought of living without each other,
I'm getting shaky thinking about it.
I am so jazzed about this event with the president next week.
I'm just so happy that I don't have herpes.
I just - I always think, like, they're gonna say no cause I've had such bad luck.
To think of not seeing your face every day.
The thought of not being with you.
The thought of not being with you 
I shudder at the thought of separating from you!
That there was someone out there like me,
You know as I think about the goodness of Jesus.
The thought of riding in a car makes me want to puke.
At the thought of the paradise 
No sooner said than done. Bare - headed as we were.
That Ashley's not coming back,
Thinking about the Atlantis series, l'd like to do more research.
Faced with my own mortality, I might rather be elsewhere.
If I think of anything else, I will be sure to let you know.
Knowing that from now on, you'll do what I say when I say it,
I'm so excited for the party tonight.
I'm really fired up for the show tonight.
The idea that this is the person I'm gonna be from now on.
And the thought of the two of them in bed, and inevitably full of intensity, caused her some conflict.
Consider in what they serve, why the hell do I care?
I can't stand to think of them out there in the shit with out me.
But I can't stand thinking about her like that.
To think he might spend his life alone... Quite, quite.
And the idea that he would grow into a powerful animal or dangerous animal
When I think about whatmight happen to him, I.
The thought of him lying in some ditch.
It makes me sad to think he's gonna be in prison
Considering what he did to you, 
My nipples are getting hard just thinking about him.
When I thought about him and it confused me.
It is so on the surface scary when you think about who he is and where he comes from.
I don't want him to go into another rose ceremony
Thinking of his death makes me,
Thinking about him whining all the time bitching and moaning:
I just couldn't bear the thought of a world without him in it.
The thought of him having a life with another woman.
Makes me sick to think we weren't there when he died.
Just the thought of him trying something with her makes me
Knowing everything that he was working so hard to build
I hate to think of him being unhappy.
I get so angry to even think that that guy's alive.
Considering everything that's happened.
It'd be cool to know who else might have died on this cord.
And when I think about losing you, 
The thought of losing her
I can't stand to think there wil be some little kid out there
The thought of losing Serena forever.
Thinking about them plastered all over the Internet.
And I've just been feeling like crap thinking that .
And the thought of you two together
The thought of you two living together it's not like that.
The thought of you two living together... It's not like that.
The thought of you two living together.
It makes me so miserable and envious to think you have seen the sea and your poor old aunt has not!
I shudder to think what the redheads get.
And the thought of losing all that money.
The thought of you living here and having our baby here
The thought of your hand back inside me.
The idea of letting you go.
And I got defensive because I thought, what if she's right?
When I imagine you with your wife.
I don't like the idea of you making love with her.
I don't like the idea of you going off island - hopping with her. It's romantic!
If I think of you and the boys.
Lf l think of you and the boys.
The thought of you with my daughter.
The thought of you at home nice and warm, keeps us good.
Ever think that maybe you're lonely
Wanted to kill you for everything you did to me.
And it excites me to death
It pained me to think about your future.
Rejoice at the thought of you
The thought of you... it is gives me hope.
It's so weird thinking that you hated me.
Didn't care if he was caught as long as you were dead.
It's been hard for me thinking you died,
Oh, I shudder to think what you charge
Picturing you looking at the mirror it would scare the shit out of me.
I cannot help but feel that you are madat me.
And to think these little fingers have been.
The thought of you with your big floppy cock
They'll sing to win at nationals
It just makes me sick that your parents are never gonna know that you wrote that story.
To feel your body stuck to mine 
I think about what would have happened had you not been there.
I just got really wound up at the thought of you getting checked out by some creep.
I like the thought of you being surrounded by a protection detail.
The thought of you being trapped on that ship,
I can't stand the thought of you getting locked up over me.
Just the idea of you going anywhere with someone
And the thought of you marrying some other guy is.
I was thinking about what you were gonna do to me.
When I thought of you coming all alone,
Thinking of you with someone else just drove me crazy.
You really worry me considering how young you are.
Since it took you this long,
Every time I thought about what you said, I started crying.
If I imagine closing the caravan door, I feel better.
And that it kills me to think about ever.
To think that within a few hours
When l think about it!
The thought of somebody else, you know, holding his hand.
I cannot help but get tense when I think that these will be used in battle.
Oh, I can't get California out of my mind. I know.
The idea that doctors and relatives get to start weighing the quality of a given life
The thought of lunch leaves me numb
It often comforts me to think that even in war's darkest days,
I mean to think that.
I can't concentrate. The thought of my impending incarceration.
The thought of another embassy tea paralyzed me.
The thought of losing you, too.
And it's an absolute tragedy to think of what's happened and how quickly.
It made me happy to think that I'd see you again
The thought of beating you in court is just too hard for me to resist.
The idea of not having you 
The thought of never seeing her again， Clark.
Were you getting all misty just thinking of losing me?
Then I suppose he had it, which really steams me.
The thought of spending time with you.
That got to where I am by sleeping with Catherine.
To think I only got two days with the love of my life.
I'm just mad we have to be with those dogs!
And to think your genes will be in our grandchild.
When I think about the way we grew up.
It's nice to think my father might have had something to do
You know I am really scared to go back.
The thought that I'll be here when he gets home helps him through it.
I'm just so excited about the sanctuary.
I can't even think when I'm around her.
Considering how people in this neighborhood feel about me.
Get your mind out of the bedroom.
When you think of garbage, think of akeem.
I can't sleep well knowing he's pulling my strings.
I can't stand the thought of losing my little treasures.
Divas make me want to puke.
The thought of her out here by herself.
Nerve - wracking the idea she might make the wrong choice of husband.
I felt more relaxed
The thought of having them watch me
The thought of her in prison is.
The thought of her with somebody else is making me sick.
The thought of her dating that thievish entitled do well,
And I just would dread the thought that she's a heartbeat away from the presidency.
I can't pretend someone doesn't make my skin crawl.
Just thinking of her I get thirsty.
I thought of her out of there by herself.
To think about her now with someone else,
The idea of her out there, alone.
And thinking how she looked like.
To think of her married to an ordinary gentleman from Kent.
To imagine her humping that pervert makes me sick to my stomach,
To think if you hadn't been there what that terrible man might have done.
Keep thinking if I'd just taken the time to ask a few more questions been more observant me.
The notion that anybody could take me away from them.
My heart grows heavy
When they think of Wisconsin? Come on.
And I think about all the crying and spitting up .
It always makes me sad
I think about it, I get like hives.
What I wouldn't give to see the look on the general's face.
The thought of somebody else, 
My heart flutters
I just can't stand to think of that
That makes me so sad.
And that scared me.
It just simply boggles the mind.
Queasy just thinking about it, boss.
I'm feeling nauseous from memories of wedgies and swirlies!
I get quite excited by the prospect of the annual bring and buy sale.
This whole idea of a young woman
I cannot think of Frank Churchill
Thinking of flint, it were has done me.
Even the coffee smells better knowing
Just think of all the rich people out there with cancer and tumors.
It is amazing to think that
And the idea that you sitting up there in that chair,
It's strange to think I used to be one of those girls
The thought that we're in the same room
I hated the thought of our last family meal
The thought of losing her.
I'm excited about doing it ourselves.
Knowing what we did.
And to think that after everything we went through,
The thought of us
Thought we left Miami
The very thought of our repatriation is.
It agitates me to pain that the skyline over there is ever our limit.
The thought of us possibly meeting, 
To imagine that I would feel the pain
I can't even begin to explain to you how much I am gonna miss you.
I can't even begin to explain to you how much I'm gonna miss you.
It's kinda weird to think
I think of getting her
It drove me crazy to think my son would grow up a stranger.
The idea of me naked
To think that he might have been killed here my poor brother.
And the idea that I could have
It's hard to work up an appetite, wondering whether or not I have a job.
Anything I can imagine finding in there I'm scared of.
Yeah, just the thought of my daughter out there in this movie,
Hate to think I put a target on her.
When I seen what I did to that kid down at the store.
You know I'm getting shaky thinking about it.
Cause that image makes me hungry.
And to think that l fucked that up
When I think about how we came to America!
What hurts is knowing how badly I treated that poor girl.
And to think I'd taken the house keys!
Just thinking about how much you owe me for saving your life.
Which is kind of daunting because I sleep in the nude.
The thought of my fiance's touch sickens me
When I think that I might have prevented it!
It's hard to have a good time knowing my parents might be worried.
It's horrible to think how much of my life
It would be nice to think me son were happy then.
To think you couId come to a pIace Iike this.
To think that my wife whom I trusted and proud of,
When I think of my child brought up like that.
I'm totally freaked that the teeniest procedure I perform, I'm gonna kill someone.
And the thought of my life with out you.
And the thought that my legacy has come to this 
Thinking that I really lost you made me regret every horrible thing I've ever said to you.
The whole idea of sleeping in a dead girl's room
I can't Iive knowing all the pain I've caused everyone.
And to think that I could make something that could.
Just imagining my life as a member
It's just scary thinking that I might see him again.
The thought of bringing you back to that hellhole, to a place where you could get killed 
The thought that my semen mixed with bin laden's.
I think I pitched myself off the astronomy tab
And the idea of another 10 years of it
When I think of the scenarios I could have thought up, I'd kick myself.
Just can't stand to think of all those patients
You got a beef come meet with the chief.
To dispense with any thought of a Regency.
The mere idea of seeing you for the holidays
In one second I'm thinking life sentence,
Funny to think one will be in the thick of it tomorrow.
and I can't help laughing myself at your surprise
And to think that that little girl has grown into the one woman
I'm just happy when I think of Thursdays when you come see me.
The thought of a child without legitimacy in the palace of Naples.
I mean the idea of something bigger than me, a God,
The thought about anybody seeing those tapes,
When I think of peopIe going hungry it breaks my heart.
Feel a bit funny about it, you know, since.
I'm sick of everything always being about you.
I'm scared that it's hereditary.
The fact that everybody can hear me puking.
And I was thinking about how when I see you or I hear your voice on the phone.
I can't stand to think about eternity,
I can't bear the thought of it going to a homeless person.
When I think of warmth then I'll think of you
It's scary to think that your life can end
It's amazing when you start thinking about babies.
The thought of Gaius' hands upon me.
Thinking about seeing him.
How thrilling it must be to go bankrupt.
It's sad to have the thought of leaving.
Words fail me when I contemplate the bald eagle.
Just the idea of standing around that hospital room watching you die,
Just the thought of somebody doing that to Alison is really
Considering the first record
To behold Solonius's face when he sees me
I just feel safer knowing he's around.
What comfortable word is wholly yet
It's almost as though the thought of marriage
I nearly gave the tapes back,
The thought of marriage turns my stomach.
I feel, if I can fly free of it, that pleases me.
The thought of walking free from this
The idea that we had been
If I thought I was going to end up like miss Bates,
Thought they were gonna lose!
Tonight I write the saddest lines.
And to have the idea that you're going to go out,
It upsets me a little bit to think that art should be allowed to make statements.
The idea that Irene was murdered by a shadowy kingpin
Thinking of Emily, I often wondered about my own mother
It chills me to think what Morgause has planned for Arthur.
Son of a wealthy man who nearly passes out at the thought of blood,
The idea of being touched 
As long as it's on the cuff and not on my back.
Scares me to death to be put to sleep.
There's something nice about the thought of being rocked to sleep in water.
The thought of losing two daughters at once,
The idea of just getting up there, I get all pale and sweaty.
The thought of having to bury your own son.
The whole idea of paying for a ride
The thought of hurting you fills me with profound sorrow.
I'm a heartbeat away from becoming first wife
You get queasy when it comes time to finish, is that it?
And then it nearly killed me to add in all those grammatical errors.
Still gags at the thought of kissing her, then be my guest,
It makes me laugh imagining kissing you.
I am repulsed by the idea of making the sex with a woman.
The thought of going back to that house.
I can't stand the thought of raising a child on that ship.
The idea of losing him, too.
Tore him up thinking she was gonna raise their little girl.
The thought of being a father.
The thought of popping one of your beets into my mouth
The thought of staying at a hotel near the runway unnerved me.
And think of what you have to endure.
I hate to think OS you and your wise up here alone,
And the thought of her being thrown
And the thought of giving him that last part of me.
The truth was the thought of holding him terrified her,
The thought of clasping your greasy hands
The idea of just getting up there.
For real forever, and I'm just.
Just the thought of sticking
As I thought about Ieaving the apartment that I had Iived in for the past decade.
And I just hate the thought
The thought of leaving you breaks my heart
I get a bad feeling everytime when going to meet ‘that person'.
The idea of a bank being the guardian... Stop this nonsense, Jim.
It's tough to get used to the idea of retiring.
The thought of sending him away to fight.
The idea of reliving her death.
The idea of facing an empty apartment
Who stands to win from all of this?
I'm real excited, I love doing runway,
You hate having to wait and come back and try again.
Kind of sad when you think about it.
And in that thought, all my guilt flies away.
I think of the horror that has been inflicted on this 15 year old girl,
That's quite an incredible tradition when you come?
I really resent it!
I get horny just thinking about it.
Shiver just to think of it.
I'm all chicken skin just think about it.
Though it does kill me to imagine
So, with that and the open bar in mind,
The thought of what ingredients might constitute this filth repulses me.
This thing goes to a man's head.
To think it almost happened to me really bothers me.
I get white knuckles thinking about what might be ahead for those folks.
The thought of all that weed down there in the sewer,
It's unbearable for me to even contemplate.
The very thought makes me tremble.
I get goose pimples just thinking about it.
It pisses me off when I think of that asshole.
I'm tired of letting this thing play with my head.
To think after all these months you were here by yourself it just breaks my heart.
The thought of what ingredients
Uh, you know it's funny to me when I think about it.
Just to think that this is the last day.
It's crazy to think that you know
The heart constricts at the thought.
I'm swelling up just thinking about it.
I get sad just thinking of it.
Think of it as a glorified sparring session. Here's something you'll like.
I'm mortified that this outrage happened on U.S.
I tremble just thinking about this trip.
You know that's when it hits you, that.
To think that I might suddenly.
The more I think about this the more it concerns me.
The very thought of discovery.
The thought of that fucking Syrian
The thought of that monster crushing her.
And when I think of that delightful old gentleman.
I shudder just thinking about it.
And with that mental picture,
The thought of that fucking Syrian shoving his devious cock inside her.
It's astounding to think that this horror happens
It's scary to think so much is out of one's control.
I find it distasteful to even contemplate the horror facing all those on board.
Oh, my heart starts pounding just thinking about it.
Think of all those unfortunate souls living in the hell of the trenches,
The thought of that whole part of our life driving away.
It's just all the details are stressing me out.
The idea of famous Hollywood people wearing a button -
That's the part I can't stand.
I still shiver when I think back on those cold winter nights.
Knowing that phantom was living my life with Lana for over a month
It fucking kills me to think he's being punished for the shit I done.
Uhh the thought churns the stomach.
It pisses me off that any guy can touch this beautiful thing.
I can't face the thought of food.
Just thinking about her makes my toes tingle.
Thought it was you.
If you think you're dead.
You figure out pretty quickly where the other kids go.
So you knew we were gonna go somewhere into combat.
Imagine the gossip if he saw you.
Would you like some more whiskey? - yes, please.
The thought of it just killing me.
It makes me cringe to think people would be walking on eggshells, treating me all nice.
When I think of his parents, I'm a bit scared
When I remembered you I went to the mansion.
My tits are aching for you.
The thought of going back to that house.
I'm mad just thinking.
Just thinking about her gives me a hard - on, like now.
The hideousness of that foot will haunt my dreams forever.
When we remember Qu yuan
It breaks my heart to think
It breaks my heart to think of our hopeless love.
Thinking about our first kiss stiII makes my heart flutter.
I can't eat it thinking of my family
And to think my little girl.
It just makes me see red all over again.
I can barely keep my legs together at the mere thought of it.
I get hard just thinking about it.
And it kind of makes the food come up in my gullet.
I was peeved just thinking about it.
I'm still completely mind - boled by the fact that
I think about it and start crying.
To think of the years I spent in the gulag,
You guys excited about going to London?
And whenever she wondered, there was a story she always remembered,
I am very excited about this date. We're going to Hunan balcony.
I live in torture thinking of these moments.
And the thought of that girl.
Brings a tear to my eye when I think of that little guy.
And acting unilaterally.
For your family that they'll leave you?
For your family that they'll leave you? Because they will.
Hell - bent on doing nothing that might challenge their audience.
I have a cold. You look pretty sick.
Sensing danger, the mother rat races home.
How do you feel? - fine, thanks.
When you panic you make mistakes.
So take it easy. wait.
Two quick equals one slow.
Episodes season 02 episode 03
The same forever.
A rut? You just started dating.
Following instructions? Where's the creativity in that?
Miss rigid.
Rigid!
There's nothing wrong with being predictable.
Our rut? We just started dating.
I get bored when I stay still.
It's the way people try not
Consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, Watson.
The forever cheese.
The way it's always gonna be.
The same conversation, every time.
Always the protector.
Stay all your life, do the same thing?
I go where life takes me but some days it makes me
Naturally with a fixed salary,
And long - distance love affairs that never go anywhere 
The same old bread and rolls to sell
Always the same. Fish or souffl? Day after day.
Ten percent. fifty percent.
Fifteen, Jabba. Don't push it.
15, for my children's sake. You don't have any children.
Like ten percent?
He is an adult male.
Ten percent is completely out of the question.
Ten per cent of whatever I recover.
I'm 42, but it doesn't show. - I'm 35.
Me? - did you have other men?
I'm not gonna get hurt. I'm not gonna back off.
I'm not telling. - someone I know?
I'm not particularly nervous. - all the better.
I don't feel the same way as Johan. - how do you feel?
I won't do thing to harm her. Oh, come, come, hogbrain.
First, I am not a coolie.
That wasn't what I meant. - then what did you mean?
One. I don't know!
I don't know the code.
I don't have it, please.
I don't know how to get over this. - Oh, darling.
I cannot let you pass. But you said Ludo is your brother.
One... I can't.
One... I don't think so.
Why should I be angry? - I was nasty on the phone last night.
So do I. - there, you see?
Don't look at me. I' m just a freeloader.
I might be back in a week. - if only you were!
I might give the wrong impression. - you think so?
I smell nothing. Oh, you're joking.
One the look on my father's face when I graduated from Harvard law school.
I thought you were dead. Close.
Shouldn't we paint the whole house? - yes.
One we're not thieves, two that would be rude,
We don't know. But they do.
We can't tell you. Why not?
We can't. why not?
And we don't charge nothing nothing at all
Would that apply to us, too? - no.
Where are we? Sarah back.
Where are we going? Someplace safe.
One, we can have a long sensitive conversation
One, we can help you.
Shall we go? - damn it, I'll gladly sign the papers.
One: we can hang out in front of the store
We need to talk. Then talk.
Let's clean up. - yes, let 's.
We admitted that we are powerless over our addiction,
One, we put them wanted posters up
Are we living in utter confusion? - you and I?
We were worried about you. I can't do anything right, can I?
We are. 
We've been married for ten years. - yes, I just renewed the contract.
We can show you a good time show you a good time
One, we're gonna climb through this ship.
We get a free throw. Don't you want to take your head oft?
One! And we win!
And exactly what will we see? - I don't know. Do you?
What should we do about that? - we'll see after dinner.
We couldn't. - is it even necessary?
One... We need someone to do our dirty work.
Number one. I'm wearing the wedding dress.
One: I make love with my boots on.
I wouldn't hurt her!
I was just thinking. - thinking?
And I didn't want to rush into anything.
It was just my craving talking. - right.
First I can accept it's over,
I can't understand you. What were you saying?
I'm underground get me underground
I was looking. Huh? Huh?
I'm reading. There' s toMach light.
One... I'm here!
It took my mother about a half - hour. You`re kidding me?
One - my wife is alive.
I don't have feelings for thirteen beyond friendship.
Option one - I sue this hospital for 
One, I'm a gentleman,
One, I take the car back with me,
Do what? Remind me of the babe.
One... - I can't.
For one thing, I'm weird.
No, I'm doing okay. Of course you are.
One, I'm busy, and two, I'm not a computer.
Aren't you hungry? - yes, I'm ravenous.
I have to face him alone. But why?	
I can't think of anything else. - sure you can.
No, I suppose not. - that's generally the way it is.
I want you to stay. - I don't want to.
When I imagine lying there on that table tomorrow morning,
One I thought I'd never tell you.
I think we're gonna make it. Oh, piece ot cake.
I'd like a cigarette. - go ahead. Have a seat.
One: I was wondering if I could now borrow change from you
Well, I'm trying to show I care. - how thoughtful of you.
I want to ask you something, Ludo. What?
I'd like to ask you something. - I know what it is.
They baffled me. - were they so very strange?
I feel so guilty. - why?
I don't wanna be either adepending on their fucking ass,
One, I take those pictures to a judge and get a subpoena
One, l send this photo to every one of our caslnos ln the group.
One, I merely step out in front of that wagon.
I know bring a child into the world without a father.
I'm tired of being alone. - alone?
I understand. No. I don't think you do.
One. I got it, yeah.
I see. Ludo!
One, I have veto power over both of you.
I have two girls, Karin and Eva. - you said that already.
Do l have one? No.
One, did I tell you how much I liked your latest sculpture?
My friend. Oh, yes.
one, glass of champagne for me
One... I'll go!
I'm not talking with my mouth full! Wait a second.
I do not. I tell the truth. Oh, what a lie.
I can't do that.
Not through with you! Stay right there!
Does this bother you? - yes.
One! I Iove you, mama.
My father favors you now. My lady.
I expect a neighbor has a key. - this' ll never work.
Aren't I now? - what?
And my - stop. Wait.
One, my men will accompany you to the hospital.
Sword. Sword.
One is a gun with a dart for my sweetheart
My car keys, where did you put 'em?
Number one, my parents are from the stone age.
I've got my intuition. - yes, you do.
One... Foot!... Two, three.
One... - I can't feel my legs!
One, the assumption I would believe
I can't see! What is going on?
One I read your book. 
I knew nothing. Don't lie to me.
One, I'm tripping literally
Can I talk to you? There's nothing to talk about!
I pay for my own drinks, thank you.
I'm gonna to get Caesar.
I'll make myself look smaller and make it a close up.
I want to know what happened. I'll be right there.
One! - I think she's serious.
What should I tell the girls? - say whatever you like.
I'm telling you, it's nothing. - there must be something.
Stop, I say. Please, we have to get across.
I said where is it? Where is what?
One: once I'm gone, you could lift that beast off the remaining speck,
I'm in a hurry. - it'll only take a minute.
First, let me show you what I mean by fairness.
I thought you were retiring. Well. L was.
I'm sorry. - I can't do this, anymore.
It's at the dry cleaners. - what a nuisance.
I need you to help me. Just a minute.
A week, maybe two, we'll be right back in business.
One. Two. Most of lent. That's hardIy the point.
Or we'll take oft your ear. You don't need two ears.
Maybe you're right. - good Lord.
Most people are killed by shells in world war I than dying in any other way.
One guy a soccer player, said, "we'll get some enthusiasm."
In world war I, there were constantly farmers who were blown up as they were plowing, 
And world war I provides opportunities for
The Balkan wars before world war I passed back and forth.
Painters used this pigment prior to world war I.
After world war I, in Germany.
After world war I in the treaty of Versailles,
I am sure I need not remind you of the last great war,
Everybody used gas in the last war
It makes possible the creation and operation of voluntary
And world war I provides opportunities for dissidents in
The first world war had ended.
Once the war was over,
There were some atrocities at the beginning of world war I,
I was one of seven scientists chosen to serve in a secret facility
Pre-World war I Prussia
It transforms him into an anti-Semite.
The war that was supposed to end all wars
Brought back from Russia after world war I.
You know, after the last war my people struggled.
The democratic movement in Japan after the last war, what happened to it?
After world war I France and England were allies.
Living in what became Austria after world war I.
A fight only comes one time around.
A fight only comes one time around,
The war's over.
All about the splashing.
Weren't you in the third division during the war?
You went to prison in the last war,
Treated vets from the first world war.
Created during WWI to help wounded vets.
The battlefield in France during the first world war,
When soldiers suffered from anxiety, depression, and flashbacks in world war I, it was called shell shock.
Used during the first world war for close fighting.
In world war I is a year.
The great war was a just war
World war I? Yeah.
A million British soldiers killed during the great war.
During world war l he was brought to Japan as a German prisoner.
During world war l Japanese fought on the same side as the British
During world war I the lost battalion
It's bounced around Europe since world war I,
Where are the great British leaders
The great war song the Yanks are coming
When the last war started,
Thus beginning the first world war.
From the first world war, isn't it? 
Ln world war l, a year.
Memories of the first world war
World war l plane? No, I'm in my shower.
After the fight, nobody stopped us
World war one ends.
When he came back from the first war he was badly injured 
The troops that came back,
With the end of world war I, the Hapsburgs were gone and Hungary, while much smaller was fully independent.
Prince Qing wants
And so die?
The war just went on so we nothing but rutabaga to eat.
World war I created Hitler.
Remains from world war I?
World war one, how old does that make him?
And put it all together.
A sturdy piece of oak.
One in the beaker filled with beach sand,
Base of skull was punctured by a broken tree branch.
A section of backbone, one foot still in
A family of kazakhs has been grazing their livestock all summer
By a single family with tiny hands.
I was just thinking of one door.
A newly renovated town home was ransacked before the family could move in.
A boys' home and a girls'.
A poor family raising a serial killer's baby?
With a sitting room and a living room, just costs 800 thousand.
Two murders in one house?
With a room just for his shoes.
Rooms are 95 a night. Mind if l look at the registry?
A victim was found shot at a foreclosed house,
The palace of the peacock in Brussels.
One in Freiburg, one in new York.
And one in Rome.
Has been invited to a Russian ballet school,
With the snooty prep school.
A house with lots and lots of candy.
A whole house full of companions.
An apartment, a beautiful apartment with hardwood floors
14 years ago in Kermit, Texas.
To a military prison today.
I've been offered a chair in clinical psychology
A satellite facility in the middle of nowhere?
A high school with only 101 students,
A church where anyone where everyone was welcome,
It was to a house in west l.A.
A school inside the national museum complex.
A college?
From a University.
Can a college or University define its social purpose any way it wants to
University singular.
A respected professor at a major University,
To one school early decision.
A big house, a big car, a good lifestyle.
In an inaccessible wilderness in the central park.
A girls' school. And I included that.
A good house :
A good school, yes.
You know one school is not the end of the world.
A school, just like the one we're in.
A school must meet three requirements.
The exclusivity of any University
A school of training, where men are forged into gods.
Supervised by a surgeon gone mad:
Telexes and a safe house in Peshawar.
A house with its own doorbell,
At an abandoned house over on Baronne,
How can a building do anything?
A big house
A house, a brother and a dad.
A Fiat or a house, nothing to do with you.
A house is a very big order
A house in Gilead, Maine. We also ran the address 
Picture of a house
To a house that used to belong to Fred bask.
In a patch of mold on the side of an old housing complex.
It's the house nearest the ocean. But she won't talk to you.
It's a maximum security juvenile Correctional facility.
All of us? - no, you and I.
This is an evacuation. Get out!
A special hotel built with an energy barrier.
One of the world's leading independent plant research institutes.
A coed at Georgia state was stabbed and left in a park.
A private school, educating students hand picked from all over the world.
Student at a private school operation
He was planning at a prep school.
A clandestine prison hospital where Alphas are confined
In the front garden
Is this an insane asylum?
To a new York - based performing arts school.
A tragic fire at a gentlemen's club.
What a Roman villa looked like in antiquity than anything else,
For the school of American ballet.
Trapist monastery, a couple of years ago.
Loaded up on vodka and pills.
A school for the Visually impaired.
A school of training.
Most of a high-school swim team
A high school forks out a small fortune to stage a play... - okay.
In a tiny, dark, studio that I hate.
A black Byzantine church with two hundred fifty foot spires.
It was fun, and the day's just get in 'started.
A different door.
It's a fucking door.
A door that you're just going to go through to escape.
When it closes, another opens.
If one fails.
A door to what? I'm not sure.
Some portal leading into never - never land.
What's a back door? Whenever I design a system
One gate will close and another will open.
A skylight. Oh.
A gateway from one understanding to another.
Behind closed doors in warmly lit rooms all over London, pleasure is taking place.
A door that's going to open up onto a whole new world for you
A window onto it, yes.
It's another door.
One that you must open and one that they must open.
A trap door.
A door which faces that which leads into the quarters
A wooden gate is opening
A window of opportunity opened,
Agnst a door that' ll never open.
A trap door and a mirror. We must be almost there.
Obviously, a pane's been smashed.
A door made of light?
A replacement window pane installed with putty and weather stripping costs about 10 cents to remove.
An open window, a detective, and here I am.
A window blew out.
A window was open, and his body was lying in a courtyard.
No windows at all?
A window on the secret life of the stars inside.
And a purple door!
It's a big red door with a lot of wrought iron on it.
A door that let you walk between worlds.
A hatch.
Kicked - in door, one bloody chainsaw, two dead bodies.
Into the world of our changing oceans
The poet's door. William Blake's door.
It's just was there one or two?
One goes to the humidor and one goes to my office.
One door leads to the source.
The purple crayon dropped on the floor,
The door to another world.
An iron gate blocks your way.
Opening a star gate, opening a gateway to another dimension
A door? What the fuck are you saying?
A door? Well, gentlemen, I bid thee good night.
A door? - Randall was in it.
Because when one door closes two others open.
Well, one door closes and another one opens.
One door closes another opens.
That when one door closes another always opens.
As one door closes.
When one door closes another one opens.
Just shows to go ya, when one door slams shut,
Behind one door is a tiger that will tear him to bits,
Is it a door? You're a terrible actor, foxy.
A door? Fantastic.
A door opened and I went through it.
It's a door. How about that?
One door opens another shuts behind
“A door opened and I went through it！” “Yes, you did.”
One door, one door switch, one condition.
No door is to be opened without the previous one being closed first.
One at each door.
A magic gateway, perhaps? Some portal leading into never - never land.
One in each hand.
A million a hand? All right, I'm on my way.
For a million bucks a hand, which is great,
We exchange at the same time.
You bring the guns I'll bring the item. Until tomorrow.
He's gonna hand them over as soon as he sees the photos.
The missiles.
Give me stuff first and you get the money
You get the car. No money, the car goes to Africa.
And I show you the money.
The money.
Soon as I get my Benjamins, you get her.
You get the money, I get the hostages. That was the deal.
You give them money, they give you furniture.
I gave him the money, he gave me the statue.
As soon as we have the money.
Give me and l`ll exchange
Give me money and you get the stuff
They've got the cash, they get the stash.
Something for me, something for you. Who needs charity?
No money, no merchandise. Clear? Do not play with my balls.
Just make the exchange, moron.
Extremely valuable blackmail material.
If you'd published suit monkeys under my watch. Yeah, well.
Is it bad if all the cards are the same color?
Hand on bottom, hand on top. The warm Iook in the eyes.
When he was head of the CIA.
Give and take on both sides.
What a way to check out - a scotch in one hand, a steel head in the other.
One of them 's looking into a man's eye and knowing when he's beat.
Handing out guilt with one hand then offering redemption with the other
One hand good. Two hands better.
Or are they thumbing through your will?
Built the place.
Hold her face with one hand.
Pencil in one hand, paper in the other.
Has turned this company into the market leader it is today.
You have single handedly brought my flatlined career back to life.
With the other he balanced precariously
One hand down a bag of Doritos, the other one down your pants.
With a girl on each arm.
And a nationals trophy, and you'll have khakis
Big bubble butt on one hand,
With my daughter in one arm and my grandson in the other,
With a Hagen - DAZ in one hand and a bottle of Johnnie Walker in the other.
Pull her in closely with the other.
Three apple martinis with one hand
Bag of food in one hand, and that notebook in the other.
And I nurse a grouse every day
Single - handedly save the family farm. Jonathan.
Rule number one, cuffs stay on at all times. You're kidding me.
A bottle in each hand.
Don't take more than you can carry in one hand.
And burned me with the other.
With a bottle in one hand and a plastic sword in the other,
One hand on the Bible the other hand on the plow.
And the good book in the other.
Bottle of whiskey in one hand,
My slippers in one hand a dry martini in the other.
And a lighter in the other.
With a mine detector in one hand and
And an old porn magazine in the other.
Laurel branch in hand to meet with the Indians.
Bottle of whiskey in one hand, bolt of lightning in the other, Viking hat on the.
With 10 bricks in one hand and my Dick in the other, you fucking crazy.
He's got his sandwich in one hand and a fucking head in the other!
Books in one hand.
And I got one hand wrapped around a cold domestic beer.
A Bible in one hand, a bottle in the other.
Holding a cell phone and catch bullets.
Had his gun in one hand
PenciI in one hand, paper in the other.
Fistful of horse pills in the other,
She's got her medicine bottle in one hand,
With a wine jug in one hand and a swan's leg in the other.
Bottle in the other.
And he picks up a shovel and goes after Sean!
And he picks up a shovel and goes after Sean.
She grabs the bridle with one hand,
With a malt liquor in your hand and a cigarette in the other.
A packet of winalot in the other?
Pick up the coffeepot with one hand and the cup and saucer with the other.
She took the vase in one hand, along with the whiskey tumbler in the other.
With a knife in one hand a gun in the other,
And the other is pointing to earth,
Anything more than a handful is too hard to handle.
Having the life of another resting in your hands?
It is genuinely incredible how you have built your business
With a gilded cage housing the monowinged bird in one hand and a pie box in the other,
And a pie box in the other,
In a suitcase.
Cash in a suitcase.
With a plastic cup in one hand
And the money for my next fix in the other,
Holding your gun.
And the other wrapped around my magnificent, flaccid.
A dozen roses in one hand,
On the glass at home
I can't reach.
Your cell phone in one hand, your mammoth ball sack in the other,
She's opening the refrigerator with the other and she's thinking
Rooking the guests and cooking the books.
Creepy as all get out.
Conceived and executed by Washington ideologues.
Firsthand. 
First report said Trujillo took two bullets.
Bad penmanship is the best way
That's a pretty big hand to play with no cards.
I've got a lousy hand. I fold.
Socializing over Cubans and cognac?
You are really good at Kung - fu
Masterminded all of this by himself.
Our uncle Nizam!
Give with one hand, take away with another. What's all that about, eh?
By rehab officer Tylenol Jones?
Put one hand behind your head.
One arm in the flames, the sleeve and hand smoldering.
A hand bag full of sparkling jewelry
Wish in one hand and shit in the other one, see which one fills up first.
We're in the middle of a hand.
Completely.
Call that seizing the company one - handed.
Be bossy and fix things.
To single handed end China's purchase of the U.S. Debt.
A bunch of liars.
Accuracy wasn't really an issue.
A dozen... Half with sprinkles.
But dozens of smaller cities have fallen.
A dozen tuppenny stamps something like that.
A dozen two dozen, more.
All the lamps will be blown out around 9pm,
War makes early risers of us all.
They cost 300 a dozen!
A Baker's dozen, so 13.
One dozen red velvet cupcakes extra frosting, like you like 'em.
Dozen robberies. They're good. Oh, yeah.
Their left over gum?
They were only a dollar a dozen.
And a pile of blow the size of a toaster.
He'd sneeze up a storm.
Dozens. Maybe hundreds.
That sells a dozen assorted shapes
A dozen pair of sunglasses, please?
Bang heads! Bang heads with the wild gang
Oh, the list of rules.
Just it's kicked off and you go on until you run out of ammunition?
A dozen is 12, right?
ExactIy 3 taeis of wine per cup not a drop Iess
A dozen carnations and some bath salts.
When I open a book, the words turn into your face!
Once you start unscrolling it's really hard to stop.
Turn on the radio,
Open it... Boom.
No sooner caged than it flies away
If they come onboard, they'll be right here.
He started yelling at us  I think in Russian  when we got the hatch open.
The screen just scrambles when you turn it on.
As soon as we open that door,
Let me know when they open it. Yes, sir.
When you open it, what do you smell?
You mean there're subways once we open the door?
As she looked in a secret flooded over her as sharp and horrible
A dozen Franks， and,
A dozen Italian horsehair brushes, sizes 4 to 9.
A dozen. Maybe more. Your only chance is to run.
Once it's clean I don't care. I won't look in the corners.
Uh, a dozen of your towels, your bath towels,
A dozen Marines, maybe 5 more military?
A dozen assorted.
A dozen assorted for me to take home to my family.
The police will know where out headquarters is by the light.
One dozen steaks, new York cut,
A dozen roses don't got nothing on six hollow points.
One dozen please.
A dozen doughnuts?
You want a dozen donuts to stay?
Minute you place a call, the bar goes away.
One call, we'll gonna pop up on the grid.
A dozen human beings.
Like just a dozen or so pink and white roses.
Dozen glazed, dozen jelly - filled?
A dozen snails, 14 crowns;
You got a dozen jugs of black molasses.
A dozen socks for $2.49.
How about a dozen boxes of burnt out shipment
Highly trained soldiers. Where is he?
A dozen Sherman tanks all winging their way over the a tlantic.
Things get weird when I'm bare foot.
Or you'll see bodies
A long string of condoms.
A dozen different routes to the airport.
And a dozen in silver.
A dozen long - stemmed.
Pissed - off Arabs on the other side.
$8.00 for eggs?
A dozen eggs.
The maiignancies that biight our beautiful city.
It offends my sense of sport.
Unlike the pompous styles of wartime.
The wipe? The last turn? The hot seat?
Gone.
And twist, pull.
One twist, and he's dead.
Turned around, he was gone.
They ran away
That whole thing with the duck was hardly unexpected.
A panel of experts is convening to recalculate how warm the planet.
Batch accidentally slips through this thing,
An invaluable consignment of diamonds was lost
Disguised young guy went crazy on a bunch of computers at a science lab
Disguised young guy went crazy on a bunch of computers at a science lab,
Carved into the walls of pyramids dating back to 2400 B.C.
A group of radicals in the SS
With a whole new batch of grunts.
The last shipment of guns that were seized at our border.
Well, there's a bunch of farmers who'd be thrilled to cash in their chips.
The other combed the countryside.
Of polished stones from lsrael.
One searched all the estate's buildings,
Vile traitors justly executed!
The cream of Harvard business school's crop to taste a bit of the good life.
An ancient people who evolved before the dinosaurs
For my best friend and a bunch of Barack Obamas nearly got me killed.
Collection of carved andesite stones, many depicting what
A bunch of yes - men who all orders follow without asking questions.
That already started it at mercy.
A stockpile of weapons had disappeared.
One batch, one ship.
Men rise and fall like the winter wheat, but these names will never die.
Which would have been brought in blocks along the river wear
Before some pubIic Officiais from the city.
A new set of immigrants - illegal immigrants
A new reading public sprang up
This is a spectacular monkey military looking with the fine moustache
To help restore the land's original biodiversity.
That was invaluable in helping to convict and incarcerate
Thanksgiving came about when the pilgrims landed on Plymouth rock.
Early acceptance, last November.
Batch accidentally slips through this thing.
Gun shipment.
There's a dozen manes being injected right now. 
Directly to fuller estate management.
Units of the salt lake city national guard
The real ones have been stolen in HK.
Ask him if he knows anything about the protesters
A group of Zarthans made the journey,
A group of Zarthans made the journey, led by the keeper of the light.
Local teachers all with good salaries.
A batch of shredded currency
That wound up downtown.
Has gone missing. - shipment?
And bring it to Queens.
A Iot of money passed through the benerai affairs office
Bringing in heroin by the boatload.
A series of letter - bombs were sent to biotechnology labs.
Some serious firepower and some partners.
Who'll latch on to you for decades and never let go.
1st, the suspect.
As soon as I can find someone who'll come all the way out here.
You get anything you get me on the horn.
Call me as soon as you find something out.
Call me when you've got them and get them quick.
The second you find this guy you bring him right here immediately.
Call me as soon as you reach him,
As soon as we've got him locked down.
I'll come back when I find him.
And when I do I'm gonna destroy the island.
Once we had the name, it was pretty easy to track the rest.
Anybody hears from him, I want to know.
He finds you, he's gonna kill you.
As soon as I get Hewitt I'll get backto you.
You should've told me about Leo as soon as you found out.
As soon as they find a spot,
Scoop him up soon as we find the girl's body.
Just as soon as you find her bring her in.
And soon as you find her... Just shoot her!
I'm gonna call you the minute I find her. But you can't do this alone.
I'll call you soon as I've got her.
As soon as will is located,
As fast as I can in the first dress I find,
As soon as we find the treasure and I get my fair share.
Just till I get back on my feet?
And I'm gonna pay these off, I swear. Just as soon as I find a new job.
So when we find Maddie I'll get you a message, okay?
This guy's gonna kill me first chance he gets.
Gonna quietly slip away first chance I get.
Then send a protection team as soon as we lock location.
Chase has a strike team ready to go as soon as we get a location.
So we're gonna need some trucks down here
Your dog will be back to you, just as soon as I find her.
Call me when you have the containers.
Tell me if you find the encoder.
As soon as the car is found I will get an alert.
As soon as you find the stuff.
Once I have these children, I will kill you quickly.
The second you make contact with Bauer you put him through to me. We're at district.
Who? - I reckon the Serbs.
It's got a 10.5 inch razor sharp okay. Okay, I've had it.
A 12 - gauge shotgun,
So, one spin for $180,000? Yeah, we'll take the bet.
Give you three bills per. That do you?
A .38 caliber Smith & wessen. What do you say?
A 7.62 round can Pierce a car as if it was made of paper.
A 9 millimeter pistol used to kill Carl Nelson,
Hand full. Hand full.
One hand after another.
A skeleton key.
A pocketknife with a three - inch blade.
And you think that's going to do more for you than a three foot steel shaft?
A loaded hand gun.
A loaded gun.
A loaded hand gun. A no - no for a convicted felon.
A gun that can't be traced to me.
Punch, not pinch.
A real distincctive piece.
Forged for the conqueror Julius Caesar.
A nine - mil.
An honorable weapon.
That he grabbed it out of my hand, and he threw it in the fish tank.
A revolver that had been stolen
A knife that he cannot or will not produce for this court.
A weapon they've lost control of.
I've had guys sitting on him since we hooked him up.
A ceremonial Muslim dagger.
Just as soon as we`re finished with you.
One you knew about.
It's a key to a safety deposit box.
One water logged Beretta knockoff.
A handful of Cleopatra. Altogether it gives 7 handfuls.
An excellent new machete,
A brand spankin 'new Hattori Hanzo sword.
It's a hammer and of freedom justice, 
600 in the pot.
I have a military issued weapon,
Damn near worn down to the nub.
And an old rock hammer.
One weapon.
A naked sword. He didn't stay in his sheath.
Knife.
A knife, a fork and a spoon, if that's not too much trouble.
A knife. - no.
A knife wouldn't hurt you.
This great big knife comes along
A knife? You need a knife?
A knife, a shank.
Stick a fork in the ass of the human race
What's this about a knife and persimmons?
A knife and gun did the damage.
A knife was buried with the body, counselor.
A blade, approximately eight inches long, three inches deep.
Either a knife or a pair of scissors
One knife for Mo and signature.
A knife against a gun? It's no match.
Well, it's hard to miss a knife coming right at you.
Took a knife right in the chest
A knife can kill or save a person
For a knife 8 million wons.
One knife, or several?
A knife, roll of duct tape
A swordv the Pegasus.
A razor, a good meal, bed rest.
One bayonet, please. Oh, and I'm worried about shadows.
A bayonet? Yes, yes. A bayonet.
A wooden sword carved with the legend of his victories,
A sword, A armor.
A sword can only win one battle at a time.
A sword? Hm, would n't you rather have a new doll?
A sword pierced her soul.
A sword strikes.
A sword - everyone's talking about this one.
One sword agnst an army?
One sword against an army?
A sword for a name.
A sword, eh? Yes.
A sword? It's a foil. Every hero should have one.
A containerfor a sword? Are you nut?
One sword is broken.
A sword, the Pegasus.
A sword! Oh, Archimedes a sword!
A useless scissors which doesn't cut anything.
A pair of scissors, a pencil and a soda can?
Friction from a power saw.
A dagger.
A dagger?
Driven a dagger through my heart.
A match on the gun gets us over.
A semi - automatic rifle and three grenades.
A semiautomatic pistol.
A single - edge serrated knife,
A cartoon ax. I love it.
A chef's knife with blood on it.
A car, a cart. All the same to a horse.
A damaged and terribly mistreated sea - foam - green fender.
A .45 caliber handgun,
A dagger from a bygone age has been found.
It's an old buck mortise chisel.
He bet $1,000 a hand, instead of his usual $30,000 a hand.
A guitar?
All I have is my guitar, these chords, and the truth.
And I swallowed them 
And I've got one and you've got the other.
One of them is right here.
One plastic fork,
One pair of plastic round - tipped scissors.
A long, thin blade to reach that far.
A huge knife has cut off both your legs, Joey.
The Derringer and her arm rig.
How about a big gun, you bitchface?
A big powerful gun.
Clean the roof
A strange knife.
Pliers from another odekirk knife.
Once smuggled in, they'd addict them to drugs and turn them into prostitutes.
Once I got her out of her apartment,
One she kept
A good knife has 1001 uses.
A good knife has 1001 uses.
With a good knife ttakes about a minute to crack open a coconut.
A decent razor.
An excellent sword, sir
Damn good shot.
A fine, solid gun. Blue steel, snub nose,
Once it is inside the containment tank, we can deactivate it.
The perfect gun - there is no such thing.
Let's declare Please? Okay.
You only have to hit it once. Come on, baby.
One spin, red or black.
Like an actual key to your apartment so I don't have to wait outside
A passkey? Bingo！
A fake gun for a fake word?
And I pulled him out from under the car.
Seconds before a subway car was about to crush you?
Once we've gotten the general safely inside,
A pocket knife,
Here's a little pocket knife.
A pocket knife and a smile.
A knife, and women, not a family.
A simple dagger.
A small double - barreled gun.
Like a little pop gun, or else I'd be dead already.
Small of your back.
That's pretty impressive
Snapped a grown man's neck like it was a twig.
To a half a million pound house
Tool.
A revolver.
A revolver, a grenade, and 100 rounds of nine - millimetre ammunition.
A revolver, a grenade,
A browning 22. I worked nights in a bad neighborhood.
A Hitler youth knife and a vintage Luger
Send me the bill. - no.
And a knife dried blood on it.
A band saw.
Stop playing around, geezer.
The cur is the fool who's begging for love at an age where women have lost interest.
You know, we're way too old for this, don't you? Oh, definitely.
What is a guy your age playing this game ?
Old and overdressed.
Are you going to study at this old age?
We're too big for this, aren't we?
Cause it's a ride. - I got it. Got it, dad. 
You're getting a little old for that bullshit, aren't you?
Blessed by a Shinto priest laying around?
That opens a door to a secret unicorn stable.
A bow isn't sothing you can hide inside your coat.
A crossbow. I think Arthur must be getting on his nerves. Why?
A lock triggered by a spring.
A sword that affected the destiny of whole countries.
A very big key!
A real distinctive piece.
A very special umbrella.
A still small boice.
What a waste!
It's a ninja weapon.
And once in a while let us out to attack somebody.
A gun we understand... You didn't take the shot.
A sawed - off shot gun.
One! Reach for the sky!
A slash? Acting supervisor.
It's a handheld sonar gun.
A scalpel and a willing body.
A gun.
One pistol, one shot.
And a handgun to blow my fucking head off?
One pistol is nothing.
For a pistol to have such velocity?
Rip it off.
A wrench? A fire - hydrant wrench.
He just grabbed his brother by the scruff of his neck
And I fucking stand to run,
Tackled him wrestled.
One folding knife. Right front pocket.
Yank it off, it's better.
One hangs over the king's throne.
A comb which resembles the jaws of the old.
Push away the ones you should've held close?
A scissors in the back, I think that qualifies.
And drew me backward by the hair
And he grabs him by the lapels and he goes,
I could have this is no ordinary carton of milk.
Table and pulling down her mask,
It's an oyster shucking knife.
One on my key chain and another in my apartment.
And I broke it over his head.
Created by an axe to the head.
A new guitar? Minibike?
A new broom. I expect it imminently.
A tranq gun.
A Japanese battleaxe.
A dagger from a by - gone age has been found.
One for you and one for her, so the blood don't mix.
One was with the judge when he died and the other.
And one for the cabinet. Enchantee.
One for them to find, one to keep. Everybody knows that.
A hidden fire.
I want a gun with bullets.
A smashed guitar behind a glass case displayed on some rich guy's wall.
The wooden sword.
A wooden sword?
A kitchen knife with a wooden handle
A rifle?
The rifle, box of ammo.
A rifle? Yep.
A rifle? Im not living in a house with a rifle。
In the rifle, okay?
A handful of fruity ones...
A gun。
Got a gun and a badge and no place to go.
A gun? A very special gun.
A gun, a camera, photographs.
A gun? It's not mine.
Your case won't work on that alone.
A gun's not gonna help, so I guess I'm just gonna have to find a way to forgive.
A gun just fell from a table.
A gun. Do you know anything about a gun? No, no.
A gun and some cups
And a police uniform in the trunk.
A gun and five bullets and dangerous.
A gun duct tape,
A pistol. Where? In the room. But where?
How about a gun?
Well, a gun with blanks is just an ornament.
There's a gun in your face.
With a gun pointed at me
One gun should do it all.
I want a gun with bullets.
A gun! Just go get it!
A gun,I was coming to a party.
A gun. I mean a gun. A thing they use to rob things.
It's a gun. Take it.
With a gun pointed at your head, you'll say anything, won't you?
You know with a gun in your face but after a while I.
I had a gun held to my face
A weapon in his hand.
A gun? - yeah.
A gun. Company issue.
A gun and a radio.
A locker key?
A colt pistol.
A key with 815 on it.
It's a Glock 17.
A ladder.
A comb.
A comb, a toothbrush, something innocuous ground to a point.
A comb. You need that.
A comb? Baldy
A marshmallow shooting rifle,
A chair costs 300 franc
Mr. Beebe remodeled four months ago, sir.
At a pawnshop.
A samurai's weapon must be used with honor
It's only an air rifle, I thought it might come in handy.
So a squirt gun and an old badge - clearly he's not a cop.
So a squirt gun and an old badge
A water pistol to intimidate that victim.
A knife that will never get dull.
Sweat and tears.
That an oyster can only make a Pear
We've got an unlicensed gun charge,
It's a harmless pair of Numchucks?
It's a harmless pocketknife.
An unregistered gun was found.
A guitar without strings.
When stinking bits of slime first crawled from the sea
It's a marine issue!
Oh, it's a beautiful fiddle. I didn't know I had it in me.
That's a good - lookin 'Glock.
After burning your family's home to the ground.
We torch that place to the ground!
Setting the house on fire or killing you?
Torched it to destroy any evidence.
Set it on fire, and drive it off a waterfall.
Burn it all down.
Burn it down.
To burn down the Ambrose's house?
And burned it down to cover it all up.
Burn it down? - yes.
Car will burn hot enough.
Be easier to just burn this place.
I'm torching everybody.
Burn it to a crisp.
Burned up in a fire,
And burn his damn house down!
Is that there are advantages to losing all your stuff in a fire.
Burn it to the ground.
I'm angry, angry
For cutting his lawn on the diagonal.
A 380.
A 380 from Austria or Australia. Something like that.
It is a Smith & Wesson .45.
A .45 automatic.
He's got a .38.
A .22 pistol, colt .25, among others.
Oh, well, a bad primer could account for some of this.
These cards are crap.
It's all shit, no matter how you add it up.
A grappling hook! - the journal!
One game I went down $46,000 in 20 minutes.
A toothbrush.
A toothbrush and a stick of deodorant.
A special silver ax.
A hunting knife.
A Bowie knife? - huh.
A shotgun.
And a bunch of roses can be too burdensome,
A roseal key
Pearl handle on a colt automatic.
Colt with a Pearl handle. I got a bad guy standing right there in front of me.
A handful of honey flakes...
A used gun.
A stun gun.
A taser? Are you for real?
A power drill.
One power saw?
It is a drawing of a key.
A ndful of dry pasta about an inch in diameter
One phaser quit on us, three still operating.
A real gun.
A genuine 1840 Springfield musket.
A real guitar.
A really good sword. - the owner is a good swordsman, I suppose
An authentic katana.
An actual key.
An actual key. That's a nice touch... It's antiquey.
An empty gun.
An assortment of assault rifles
Who fed you and gave you
One's pink, one's black.
A handful of brans..
Ooh, red and blue.
One for you. Thank you.
And one for... We're going up to the room to freshen up.
One with a long green handle and tan colored bristles?
Baseball bats.
Have a beard and wear a monocle.
A handful of walnuts... Shelled, of course.
A tiny gun with vanishing bullets?
A printable gun definitely proves that theory.
A single key that would unlock every door.
A key to a very super secret lock box.
To sweep room 24 clean.
A key to get you in anywhere, wherever you want.
A zip gun.
A tongue scraper. Oh. That's what that is.
A... Stalk of celery - I don't know.
An English pistol.
A chopper? Yeah, to find flipp.
A handful of sprouts..
It's a snake hook.
Balisong butterfly knife.
There was a screwdriver on the mantel piece
A broken chair which my children call a swing.
A customized 24 - inch pressurized speargun
About one goddamn semi - auto more or less?
Used in an unsolved shooting in may of 98.
And I will give that person the 1,500 bucks when the goods are returned.
Just one? Those two.
A knife just like this was used in a homicide this morning.
Take it off.
One, put your junk away. Just because it's British.
People usually go for the crossbows, Or the scimitars.
I haven't won anything, what's that?
Assuming that can provide us with 50 - caliber incendiary rounds.
A basting brush and a gallon of suntan lotion.
As soon as we add it to the wort, it starts to ferment.
One metal fence post, one pair of welder's gloves.
It's the slow knife.
A key?
It's a key.
A key, a key.
It's a key. No. Much more better.
Yeah. A key. I have no idea what it's for,
A key. What key?
A key representing thousands upon thousands of pounds.
A key? We're giving you the house.
1 key, not 100 keys! come on!
A key. And he found it.
One drill.
A shovel and a blowup dummy of ourselves.
A shovel, hair, my fingerprints, a little blood.
Oh, wow, we got a shovel and a steel cable with a loop on each end.
A file, an awl, so that he could repair his footwear,
A sharp knife cuts quickest and hurts least.
A pair of sharp scissors and a pretty decent Pinot Noir.
I can fix that with a hammer and some nails.
A hammer can take care of the rest.
A hammer. We're putting some of the pictures back up.
A shovel? What the hell for?
The scythe.
Use of a SW - what?
A long knife, sword, spear.
A rifle. Bang, bang, bang, bang.
A spear gun?
A spear gun, or.
So a reciprocating saw, a golf - club with some lubricant.
Lock the door. - no one will walk in on us.
It's only a parasol.
A ceramic knife?
A misplaced key to a safe - deposit box, a certified check in tomorrow's mail,
An umbrella.
An umbrella, a pot.
An umbrella. A black umbrella.
Just one umbrella, it`s not enough
A skull chisel, an industrial meat cleaver,
A massive loss of blood from a kitchen knife.
A bone handle!
A fucking Luger? That's sweet, man.
You couldn't kill me with a shotgun and a head start, Farley.
A bIack .38 just Iike this one.
Tears, accompanied by mucus.
Of snot and tears, didn't you?
Fish in a barrel, man.
Here it comes! You caught it!
Once we caught him,
I will cremate him where we catch him!
Yes, first opportunity I get I'll pick her up bring her to the airport.
I'll be back as soon as we get her, then we move.
When we do we'll turn him over to the sheriff.
Just till I get the bastard.
You let us know when Randall is arrested.
Double fisting it, double dunking it.
I occasionally get carried away while engaging in athletic.
Oh! Dude painted it black.
No, we can't do anything with one, so we're finished voting.
And they just snapped.
At the sunrise package price.
You gotta pick it and flick it, bro.
Come on it will only take one shot, Roy!
His death will be avenged.
They took off as soon as the cops were called.
A prank for a prank
It's fucking payback.
What goes aroundcomes around, okay?
Tit for tat, Mr. Hero.
Payback's a bitch.
Oh, so tit for tat, Is that how it works?
An eye for an eye, you bastard.
An eye for an eye, Mary Ann.
His eye for an eye speech went viral.
Just looked up, and she was there.
I was looking up and I was, like, seeing all these flowers,
Looked up and saw this.
There's another one right around the corner.
And I saw you there and I was wondering who it was.
With a hand sticking up here and a foot sticking up there.
One for the tied leg and two for the other.
Whine about the fact that it's an upholstery fabric
I'm sorry, miss Tanner.
Hug it out? I'm good.
Yeah, hug it out. - all right.
So he will be seeking an annulment once we reach Puerto Vallarta.
A little touch of total abandon. Stop!
And green can be cool and friendly - like
And beat the odds. - yes, of course,
It's throbbing something awful.
Push and pull, push and pull
Push and pull... Your Dick
The second that leg is out, be ready to assert pressure to stop the bleeding. Got it?
A drawer full of leaky batteries that I don't know what to do with?
Neither is a drawer full of pot.
She has an entire drawer dedicated to organic linen.
Beware tor - just torget it.
I start to sweat when I worry about people noticing my sweat.
Constipation makes me sick
No matter how he grinded his teeth and pushed
Pull a string, they heat themselves.
Draw. Loose.
You pull the handle.
One, agent Lattimer.
Grab the head and chop
One, clap. One, clap. Two, clap. Two, clap.
Uh, went splitsville.
Hit it off graduated to a few dinners.
That does it. Follow me, young man.
Click with.
We really click
But I'll tell you what soon as I'm done,
I'll be back as soon as I'm wrapped.
Every beat is a one, every rest is a zero.
They flip you on your head just shake things up a little bit?
Soon as they pull that plug he'll die.
Pull those out you'll be dead in minutes.
When drawn, it hungers blood. It doesn't see friend or foe.
That really... That really hurts
Got their gun charges postponed a couple of times.
I can put it off forever
To put things off and avoid commitment.
Every thrust and counter committed to memory.
A gladiator's first distraction is his last.
One whiff that you're snooping and you'll just hear a lot of,
One stance and he `s finished!
Let this decide our future. What do you think?
He won with a kote attack!
The one is going up the other down.
A good kick may be all that stands.
One match winner take all.
All bets are off and anything is possible.
To get rid of me
When she waves at you looks like she's got a tarantula under her arm.
One kill with each punch
And now he's ready to bury you in a rock a Lanche!
Bad move.
It'll kill him in one stroke!
One or all - time losers.
You make a mistake,
You make one wrong move and she kills you and captures us.
It's like the minute I make a few changes in my life,
First worship to East second and third to west fourthly
1,2,3! Rise
Bow to heaven,then earth ,you`ll have prosperity.
Being a couple after ceremonial obeisance
To be part of this wedding.
Somebody stop her. Come back, little lady.
There's the he was done wrong folks, and then there's the they should 've shot him folks.
The people she taught elementary school with.
There's scientists and then there's military guys.
And with a quick call you can short the circuits.
Just one punch for each.
And over again!
A punch is 10 times stronger now.
When you bump with the hump you land on your rump!
Truck him with your best punch and then just walk the fuck away.
I mean it was one punch, and pow, and that cop's face was inside out.
a kiss with a fist is better than none 
One punch could still turn it around.
Pow! Just like that.
Then you pounced on the criminal,
And punch through the great wall.
How about a little smack?
One punch will send you back to the zoo
You beat her up with one punch?
So he punched my left eye.
One punch will knock the world.
With one punch? Where were you?
Finish the fight!
Right in the eyes.
Hits him in the mouth.
Punched him in his juggling pins,
I pooped a tape recorder.
Kidney punched me.
And just punches me in the side of the face.
One to the gut.
Right about now.
A blow here will make the diaphragm spasm,
Punch Marcus in the face.
Bam. Right in the nose.
The hero who killed tiger lui
And punch you in the stomach so it shatters, hmm?
knock somebody's nose into their brain
I broke not the big bone in his nose, but the small one.
Put my fist through a wall.
And punch. 
Hit me so hard I flew across the kitchen dented the sheetrock.
Landing punch after punch!
Just punch after punch after punch.
After blow after blow to the body
Right in the sickness's face.
One for taking my daughter away.
Busted his nose and I don't know.
Punch his face in. - I don't remember that.
One punch. That's great. Let's talk and run.
All I need is one.
I popped him in the jaw.
Once. - back off.
You would not hold up well under torture!
Show us papers not everybody illegal.
Once he gets the paternitytest results.
Once we get floorplans, we'll get eyes in on the baby, make sure it's okay.
And when we got their panties.
I'll call you as soon as I get her test results.
I want a briefing as soon as it gets here.
Send it through the radio frequency as soon as you get it, okay?
Once we find the override we have to use it to reprogram the reactors manually.
When I did I stuck it
When they get it they come back here to fight
The briefcase is on its way. When it gets here you'll take it to the warehouse.
As soon as he got crutches he was gone.
As soon as we get the device back we'll move forward.
Once you get it down on paper then you can count on my full support.
And as soon as that finished,
As soon as I get my stakes I'm gone.
Once we get it we'll make noise, so the German guard will come.
Once we get the virus we'll go in for chase.
KiII them when you have the disc!
As soon as I get results I'll let you know.
As soon as the results are out I will report to you immediately.
As soon as I have Baer  grant's P & l report in hand， I will call you.
Then contact me the minute
As soon as we get that key we're gonna grab the file,
As soon as yougive me the key.
At which time I would give him the cash.
Let the wife and the kid go once they had the money.
After we got the money we just kept running till we got to the alley.
He'll shoot us down the moment he has the diamonds.
Once I get Scylla dump him off the dock.
Soon as we have a ship， we ditch Hardeen.
Just e-mail it as soon as it comes in.
Chan would have recognized him when we pulled the hoods off.
I can't see once l take out the contact lenses
As soon as I get off the phone with you.
The second you hang up the phone,
As soon as I hang up this phone, I'm gonna... Mr... Hello?
The second we hang up I'm gonna call the new York office.
Magic finger
A finger - width of sea.
Who's in command? Some fool from Rome.
They always blow it when it counts
The finger of death.
Once you make an ID we'll send it through a database, find out who it is.
Hit the button and the power's cut off.
Press the magic button Beijing disappears.
You press it and water mixes with quicklime.
Here it will give you morphine.
It beeps. You find it 
And the top operates by just the touch of a button.
For what seemed like an age.
One flick of the trigger and the pressure goes down.
One, I 'll do as told!
The button is pushed,
Wiped out of existence by the touch of a button?
When I fire this
One press of this button and we will all die together.
You press here and it contracts back.
Turn on the switch something flies out. A pole fell and so did many thing.
You start finding skeletons, a dead body buried 20 years ago
If you squeeze me eye roll!
When he wields the scalpel.
Leans on the raiiing
Our brilliant victory shocked Cao Cao!
Strike one. He needs to choke up a little.
Strike one! Hey, he is really good. He's really good.
Strike one, that ball was nasty. A good pitch.
That's good. - you sound bitter.
One bundle - 10,000. I still have most of it.
One bundle - 10,000.
A bunch of pawn shops.
Bunch of old pictures.
Two tea kettles.
A head of lettuce. 
A bundle of twigs is strong.
A bunch of birdseed,
One for one. Don't add any numbers.
I'll weigh the drugs, and I'll get you your voucher, okay?
And a pinch of the sands of time,
Bouquet of roses.
It's pounding like he'll.
Quintessence of dust?
And most difficult to practise
A span and a knuckle
A span and a knuckle? Hey, get out of my way
Want me to teach you a lesson you little punk.
Once I start feeling that rhythm, I can't stop.
Three in a row! Let's see that again.
First platoon at 6:10.
Seven pitches in a row over 90 miles an hour? That boy hums that ball!
Rows, fisticuffs, walkouts. All par for the course.
Row by row
Three domes in a row with the sky open in the middle,
One, two. Excuse me.
You the one who came up with the five - across seating?
One group is going through and the other is going home.
A row of refrigeration units.
1st platoon, prepare to counterattack.
1st platoon, get to the edge of the world, one by one.
Facedown in rows. Each card has a picture.
Just rows and rows of crops.
Spectator to spectator,
A platoon into two sections,
One line is going on,
Little terrace. Wow.
Solid plate of bone.
A row of artillery all pointing in the same direction
A continuous sink of marble,
An array of solar panels.
A platoon of fighting men come out and they're right there on the beach
And one line is going home.
A huge steel cable
Single file. 
Then a row of homes start building 
And where neat rows of houses huddle round dead - end streets.
Of all those old movies with rows and rows of guys behind bars.
Lines and lines of children.
And rows of these long poultry buildings,
Move rows of microscopic hair cells.
We've got the rows of houses behind us.
Row after row of them. But they're vestigial, they don't really use them, they don't use them to bite.
Third platoon! Grab your gear, we're going up the hill.
Row of brownstones,
One for the men and one for the women.
You knew it would be something in the line of high hills or cliffs
A platoon from seals team 1 could board a commerciaI airline's flight.
A line of Protea sugar bushes marks the transition between meadow and forest.
The two red stitches in a row.
A hive for the honeybee,
Motherfuckers from one five are lighting up the street like it's cool.
And they would be battery shot.
Half platoon! Alert!
And expose the ingenious technology
He was supposed to be back the minute he knew something.
I have an agent down and a suspect in custody code red.
Explore.
I came as soon as I got your message.
I rushed back as soon as I received your call
I came as soon as I got your call.
I rushed right over as soon as I got your call.
I put the throttle up right away.
Except I gotta cough every time I answer the phone
When you go get her bring her here.
As soon as you get it in your hands to my phone.
She came by as soon as she heard.
The instant you come in contact with the ball.
I rolled out as soon as I got the call. Oh, no.
As soon as they called.
Belen was with some guy
Their status might be changed to that of active duty
At such short notice.
I pick it up, it's Paul Butler,
Take that! Hungry?
Sent out here at a moment's notice, no proper facilities.
Touching will deduce our energy.
One touch makes its fold its leaflets
Once it hits your lips, it's so good.
Touch the hair - and the trap is sprung
One touch, and I can see things.
When they hit the super-slippery floor, they'll slide onto this mining cart,
I had a panic attack every time I got near the water.
Upon approaching the mothership.
I'll let you know as soon as we have him.
Push and pull, like that.
Everybody will know if you turn it down
Send them out of it they`ll be crushed instantly.
All you gotta do is push off and then flow.
Push and flow, push and flow.
Push and flow.
Pay an arm and a leg for cloth pkins and having some SWH telling you where to sit?
Splurges to take her son to an expensive theme park
The bald guy from deal or no deal?
With one toss.
If you keep smiling like that I'm gonna get jealous.
When your husband is an issue, you're not yourself at all!
When your husband is an issue you're not yourself at all!
He couldn't stop talking about you.
Once you mention anything about aggression anything about voyeurism they pull back.
Where the guy goes into a coma the whole time we plan the wedding.
You say Prague and your eyes light up.
When everybody got cool about sex.
My problems began the minute sex entered the picture.
Valentine's day makes most people think
I talk about my little town.
When it comes to saying ''I do''.
My name came up?
She burns me every time I bring it up,
I'm a total idiot when it comes to numbers and addresses.
Football always reminds me money.
When it comes to lying, I'm your man.
When it comes to proctologists,
When I think of botched - up break - ins, my mind naturally goes back to Watergate.
When it comes to Wisteria lane,
You get queasy when it comes time to finish, is that it?
When there's blood involved a line been crossed.
The first mention of guns, she was out.
He was crazy when it came to bearings. I didn't want to argue with him.
When it comes down to it, 
That place sounds more fascinating all the time.
The name Jin alone makes me tremble with rage.
Couldn't get rid of her fast enough once the subject of money was mentioned.
When it comes to money your eyes suddenly shine just like mine.
And the nasty stuff follows the money.
I get anxiety - induced acid reflux at the mere mention of magic.
When it comes to the ancient Maya
How could we without spilling everything about that summer?
It hurts his heart.
One whiff of reform and she hears the rattle of the guillotine.
She eats your pound cake?
Speak of the devil.
You start talking about microbes and nanomeds, you sound almost passionate.
Mention sex, and you start whining and crying!
If you say my name.
Mention me and she'd have said, "the dealer"?
I can't think of things I want.
If you say my name, I'm not there anymore.
Jsut the mere mention of genital warts induces disgusting people
You practically jumped out of your skin at the mention of "car."
That's the best part. By selling the boat.
Don't even get me started.
She cries every time we talk about this
I think our hands just made a baby.
Very large purchase assistance package.
Blanket immunity.
And they searched for 8 years
As soon as we have enough proof to arrest him,
As soon as you have the forged verification file call me.
One! That's it!
But until then you are all along
As soon as I process that pendejo. Do you want to come with?
So number one, strong stance.
Shake your pretty little head. Act tall with the wild gang
The matrix.
firstly, Li didn't register a legal marriage
After years enduring withered flesh groping at you.
Let go and it breaks
Then she takes off her glasses and that amazingly scary ear spike
Pack of fruitcakes.
In that thing. Look at how deep it is.
She looks exactly like that dead girl.
You have the same bag! How did you get that?
You know genuine when you feel it.
I'm deliver right away after one touch. Bring some hot water!
And it's in two dimensions it's only a photo.
With one touch. Jesus!
And they were as cold as any stone
The faint hint of a smile appears on her face.
That came off real easy
Uses a bump and swipe to pick pockets.
Airs for a full one hour or even two hours straight.
The singing nun fell off her scooter coming across the Triborough bridge.
A pinch of crack, a dollop of smack.
A pinch of crack? A pinch of crack.
A lock of his hair?
A pinch of Phaseolus lunatus,
A pinch of Oompa Loompa and presto.
It would take more than a bunch of thieves
A pinch of passion.
There's this piece of green floss hanging from my fingers.
Half eaten carcass! Hunk of... Oh, no!
Uno... "F" you!
Catch and release.
Mew. Yes.
Wipe and look, as good as new!
As soon as I get enough money saved up.
I got 24 - hour whack - off patrol up my ass.
A .308.
Of a snub - nosed .38 - caliber revolver?
A number three pencil and a vintage Hohner harmonica 542 golden melody 
A phased plasma rifle in the 40 - watt range.
A 45 and a shotgun, nothing else in the house.
A, uh.
An army of men that cannot die.
A force acting not for a single colony, but all 13!
An army of indestructible warriors.
Uh, a cell phone with unlimited texting,
Sanctioned by the government in the handling and verification
A two - man security team. Unfortunately, you can't go around them.
A two centimeter flint arrowhead had ripped through his
A single medium-caliber rifle round to the chest.
An army of the Midlands.
An orchestra's playing
A Muslim force arrived in 1285
A seafaring people from southeast Asia.
A Spanish fleet from Cuba prepared to land an army of conquistadors
A team that has n't Iost a game for 4.5 years.
A special force recruited from jaiis
A special force recruited from jails
A revoIver that had been stolen
A fuck in brass band and a fireworks show.
And a lipstick from him.
A hammer he claimed he never owned, and yet,
A play on the name of the famous colored Negro basketball squad 
A corporate fleet was blockading Malastare,
Yeah. A fucking puke pistol.
Got a great team.
You have a Benelli pointed at your forehead
A thermometer.
And other northern Asian countries.
A fleet of warships has dropped out of hyperspace in sector six.
A Russian Spetsnaz team has been sent into the area,
A Russian hit team just took out our safe house.
How an arrogant military 
And it was an astounding routine of aggression and passion.
That was a smiley happy solo.
You know an advance team moves around from rock to rock.
A Klingon armada was destroyed. Forty - seven ships.
A heavily armed convoy was loaded with parts for a new kind of bomb.
Country music from a great new band.
An 8 foot long prehistoric fish is worth hanging around for.
A squadron of Republic fighters is approaching.
An army. Yes.
An army in place, another one lumbering around in full public view.
A one - man army. I got it.
The health of the corps
For an army will be raised.
A winning team puts you back on top.
It's a nasty street gang from eastern Europe.
As a separatist fleet arrives into help the bounty hunter,
Heavily - modified
It's a group of medics
Middle management in a splinter crew out of Washington heights.
A gaudy female monkey gloating over the opulence of your cage.
One - man army all by himself.
That is a friendly unit northbound on the S. R.
A double scotch.
A lipstick?
Answerable only to himself.
An army that can move in sunlight and cover great distance at speed.
A candle that could restore your life by taking away someone else's.
Hammered down the right - field line. Justice!
An elite platoon of earthbenders called the terra team.
An army of vampires?
A woodpecker.
A beer? Yes, sir.
A cleanup crew will arrive to assist your search.
An army of nightmare creatures.
A four - man crewforme? Fuck insulting.
An international dream team to track down this tornado.
One ballpoint pen.
A ballpoint pen.
A potato gun.
There was sort of a northern mountain hill with a ravine 
One was on Nasdaq and one was on the American stock exchange.
A team that's dominated world hockey
A regional qualifying team, average Joe's gymnasium.
A team of geologists is on a mission
A giant squid.
A great host?
A strong force has Ianded South of Nijmegen.
A boat team for girls.
What goes to make a rose, ma'am, is breeding.
An army fearful of going head to head against the Germans
One for each of you.
A small contingent too small for an attack.
An insertion team. You can have a brigade.
A little bana doesn't weigh much.
Only one? Only one.
Just one is enough OK
One was enough. L have a carton.
A patrol has spotted something wrong.
A revolver. Smith and Wesson .38.
A babyion candie? And safe passage to the wall.
There's no way an lvy League team will go all the way.
A modern force of professional young men of the best sort.
A large team of native masons constructed these walls.
It's an army.
A large convention.
A mighty army. Weapons were useless against them.
It's a personalized felt - tip pen.
A very expensive pen.
And press stand ready to shut down the institution I love,
It's a silly rose,
One of the finest we've ever created.
A mobile phone?
One gun, one camera.
The Smith and Wesson and a wristwatch.
A Glock? Where?
A gun? I don't want a gun.
A salvage vessel recovered it from the bottom of the ocean.
A hunting rifle in his mouth.
In the neighborhood and then,
There's a convoy missing.
To a volleyball team.
A predatory army camped outside the walls of Troy,
A scouting expedition for pop, I guess.
It's the name of the rock group.
One power against the French, and one against Glendower.
An enemy sub tries to infiltrate the carrier battle group.
An ocean savior assault team
A rescue team will be here in about five hours.
A rescue team tries to dislodge him
A newborn army doesn't need thousands like a human army.
The national public safety Commission.
An army of workers is improving bridges.
Hear le son.
A stylish team is a confident team.
A musical number.
The oldest human relics on the continent.
A Klingon armada was destroyed 47 ships.
A red umbrella found at the scene had your name on it.
Maxi pad on a stick！
Oh, a cell phone from their center detonated the bomb,
A little glass and some ice.
A rifle, a hunting rifle.
A gun and a knife. That's highly unusual.
A gun it's dangerous for no one except you.
It's a gun, genius.
A fucking gun, God damn it.
A gun can reach where a camera can. And it's my worst fear
A colt 45?
With a football team?
An orange rose.
With a rifle.
Are activeiy engaged in countries.
A team that's far better than they are,
We'll go in with a water team, vehicle assault and we got guys on foot.
A small fleet of water tribe ships?
A syringe and a couple gold coins.
The oar was leaning in through the open window by my bed.
Or a dance with a touch of romance
A pen from the hay - Adams,
A navy salvage group is headed there to rescue
A navy salvage group is headed there to rescue the 100 Chinese sailors aboard.
There's a dozen Marines being injected right now.
A marine expeditionary unit at the American embassy.
A procession passes in broad daylight
A rocket! Come see.
A bazooka. 
Well, a rocket race to the moon and back.
An agile hand is a clever hand.
One goes out, another lights up.
A cigarette?
A cigarette butt.
A spec ops team went into the jungle.
A wild China camera team filmed this peculiar Swinhoe's turtle
The post is standing by its story
An independent panel of scientists has determined
A rose with... 
One rose, please. A white one.
By a glass - tipped spear.
That's a whole football team.
A sweetened skewer.
That a northern host of more than 20,000 men
Ends up back on the street in the hands of a killer.
An army of slaves vast beyond imagining ready to devour tiny Greece.
A team of freshmen, of transfer students, of walk - ons.
A team of nobodies and no ones.
A task force between the military and the police.
To a force of centurions, called guardians.
An elite RAF search - and - rescue team has been deployed by helicopter.
A real one trained Sanctioned by you.
An actual army.
A mascara stick that uses an electrostatic charge
A spear, so he's either a deep sea diver, or knows one.
A spear through the heart's a better way to die
About 30 grand a pop.
One for knickers and another for cheese.
A broken bottle.
A dark and mysterious army appeared
A tribe of abra - comanches.
A strike team full tactical.
A pencil and paper.
A pen, a ballpoint pen.
With a pen? You trached this guy with an ink pen?
A pencil, something to assert yourself. Take a memento.
Well, I just got a pen and some paper
A pen? Yeah.
A pen? A ballpoint pen.
And a pen - and write down the name
It's a pen!
A pen. Thank you.
It's like having four pens in one
A pipe wrench.
A single arrow is easily broken.
It's not like the arrow killed him
A team of psychiatrists working round the clock.
An elite squad probably a three - man team.
Of a contingent of elite special forces soldiers,
A fancy pen. Nice!
A fleet of red skynauts has invaded the alpha quadrant.
One for us and one for auntie Lisa.
A Jedi transport,
One army - a real army United behind one leader with one purpose.
A satin slipper and ten pounds of ashes.
It's an old Mg.
A team of archaeologists discovers stone spheres
One of EPI. Hold C. P. R.
An army that can cut through Italy like a knife through butter.
About 30 grand a pop. That 's, uh.
To a flag football practice in Lawton park this morning.
Like she has one leg longer than the other?
One dance, one look, one kiss.
One dance, one look, one kiss. That's all we get, Albert.
In a piece with a hundred people doing the exact same thing, it's mind - boggling.
A dance in exchange for a shoe.
And in one dance you could clear what you make in a whole shift.
Just one dance will freshen you up. You don't understand
That was ours.
When the dancing's good, you don't change partners.
A fleet of ships has set sail for Greece
One flower is enough.
The weight of a humming bird.
A candle!
A cricket?
A strike force will enter the consulate
80 CC's of ipecac in a Bolton - serta model 25A
A loaded hunting rifle. An accident.
An army of gladiators.
A well - trained army against all this handful of amateurs.
Elemental analysis without one test tube.
A Bedouin tribe crossing the desert.
It's this band from beigrade. Very good.
A convoy.
That's all it takes, one shot could win it.
Was surrounded by German soldiers in the battle of Argonne.
A band for the funeral
One clicker controls everything.
With a group of soldiers.
To find a junkie drinking in India with hookers.
That during military combat the final strength of an army.
A re-energized team plays for respectabllity,
A gold wedding band.
Have pole, will travel.
A pencil or something.
A sedative and an antihistamine. Antihistamine?
One staff, one snake, no wings 
An army of plain country boys.
A team can't play itself, can it? You can in video games.
Near the Henry river a half - hour ago.
An army without leaders.
A crew? yeah.
A unit is only as good as its weakest link.
An obscure army unit that does black - ops so dark technically they don't exist.
One cigar costs about.
You have until I finish my cigar.
The dart is little more than a pin prick to the whale
One dart will put an elephant to sleep in 5 seconds
Some perfume.
Each perfume contains three chords
Of an equestrian team in Barcelona.
A procession makes its way across the drifting sands.
An army of ghosts crawling on their beiiies.
A whale shark? That wasn't a whale shark.
A duck needs a willing accomplice.
Taking advantage of his grief,
A black felt - tipped pen.
In a well - practiced routine,
I rushed there after receiving your message,
I ran their faces as soon as you e-mailed the video over from Potter's house.
I received your telegraph I hurried down on the first train.
Until you hear a signal, then open up on anything that moves.
I got here as fast as I could.
Copy your location. Sir, are you okay? What happened?
Copy your location. - sir, are you okay? What happened?
As soon as you get this
On arrival.
On my signal run to your brother and sister.
When I give the order drive her in.
We came as soon as I heard.
Hey, call me as soon as you get this, okay?
I'll give you the location once I receive payment.
As soon as I'm done.
Once they're in custody they turn to stone.
She left not long after the market closed.
I'll come to help if it contracts
Do things different than I've always done, because what I've always done.
Than this radio station has seen in a long time, and you know it.
To overcome your embedded jock stereotype?
First down Barrington Panthers.
We can get married as soon as school's out.
And the Mexican music comes on,
He'd come home from school,
When we got out of school till it got dark,
After school I'm hopping into bed eating cashews and bacon,
And he left them there for several weeks.
Where they sit dormant for years.
Let him go!
One! Leave me alone!
What's the problem here?
One... Take it easy, okay?
First, spare us.
The battle of twelve swords, "that's a good name!"
As soon as lyre is rescued take off immediately using the four passage ways.
One. On three or after three?
One... - on two, start banging away.
Tap your pretty little teet. Good times, bad food
And when you tap the glass it gets super pissed,
There's nothing like spending the afternoon cuddled up in a hotel room watching family members get it on.
A nice, slow, afternoon fuck.
The whole winter.
A whole winter's labour, Tess, all for nothing.
I got a whole fucking precinct here with guns pointed my way.
Your area in your neighborhood
A whole weekend
One whole weekend,
I had been studying all weekend.
The idea of spendingan entire weekend with you 
She had a whole storeful of food to choose from,
An entire carnival doesn't just disappear.
An entire country made homeless.
A full library
All summer.
But all summer he had a cough and then the cough got worse,
You spent the summer sneaking off to French - kiss their son.
All summer long... Thanks for noticing.
A whole summer backpacking around Europe.
All summer I worked up the courage to ask her out.
- see you all summer. That's crazy! 
All summer every single time I came to you with a lead,
Spent all summer on a fishing boat.
This has been going on all summer.
A summer's disregard
The freshwater of a whole continent.
The freshwater of a whole continent flows into the salt water of the oceans.
Well, we got a banquet hall full of witnesses
A family can't go missing in a town this size, can it?
Whole families, gone. - that happens all the time.
A whole hour? Man, you've got to be kidding!
A whole town?
I have a support team to stay sober.
Pissing off an entire law enforcement agency.
So a whole drawer? Yep, awholedrawer.
All morning, all night.
He's been calling all morning. He's driving me up the fucking wall.
She's just been sitting and staring since this morning.
I've been right here all morning.
A whole morning went by without a single emergency call.
All morning long.
It's been ringing off the hook all morning.
Where you been all morning?
All week you got me cooling my heels.
One whole week.
All week long I've been looking for this guy.
Security cameras have been down for repair all week.
Waiting all week to see you again, thinking
All of it is one big giant brain?
All night it was like I couldn't stop.
After he heard this,
We lost a whole summer on it. 
A whole month?
What was he doing here for a month?
For an entire month. All right, stop.
Can do without you for a whole month, Mrs. Beck
With an entire jar of pickles rammed inside.
A week of fantasising sex with the sandwich man had gotten to Miranda.
Or a whole bunch of short stories, depending on how short they were.
An entire team
One glorious summer?
Just a whole cake?
A whole closet?
The entire squad.
All of fort Knox 
A stone cold mystery. Hey. Forensics are already running the prints.
An entire department dedicated to finding specious ways
A whole battalion.
A whole wing?
A whole generation of men.
The whole thing the whole day.
Miss you bad for a month 
There's no way an entire body was used to make these four dishes.
As gawkers lined past the table full of tomatoes,
Whole bag of them.
Which had been returned in a bundle.
How long does one pack last?
Whole beans.
Use a whole I love vanilla. You got it.
The whole horse? Oh, yes.
You smoked the whole thing?
There's a full tactical support team on site
A whole roasted chicken.
A whole duck. Huh.
He's made me ride shotgun every day this week.
Well, you've been pushing me away the whole week.
Whole week of sharks.
Bust my hump all week stupid grass! Supposed to be the boy's job.
I have depositions all week.
They were biting me during the entire performance,
I mean at the end of the day and everything that you had to be through,
Big chunk of mid - brain went missing.
A single piece of seamless quartz.
A full rack of beef ribs, if they happen to be on the menu.
One big chunk or little bits and pieces?
Over the night 
All night. All night?
All night, again
Keep on dancing all night
Where the hell have you been?
You were standing in the front row dancing all night.
All night I'll be alone in the dark.
To your beach house just for the one night?
All night long, lady. Oh, yeah.
All night long!
With an overnight trip to Springfield forest.
Dance as you want
All night, l bet.
And all through the night I wanted to rush up
All night long, you know.
There's gonna be a Iot of peopIe in there all night.
And spend the night together and not do anything.
Thirsty herds continue to arrive throughout the night.
Vitals stable overnight, pressures in the 90.
A whole day 24 hours.
All day.
All day long.
The whole day.
All day. All day.
All day, baby. Can't stop that.
Where have you been all day?
The whole day through
Doesn't leave for meals.
I've been getting calls all day.
For the whole day?
There hasn't been one all day and there isn't going to be any!
You don't even bother calling me the whole day.
Long day?
I don't think they accomplished a single productive thing all day long.
All day long! - all right, look, look.
All day long. - okay, maybe a little crazy.
All day long. Hurry!
All day long. It's driving me crazy.
And no one's heard from them all day?
An entire day of doing nothing but covering your ass
Nothing all day and then a text about what do we need from the grocery store？
All day beginning to end
Not once? All day?
One more day, baby!
Instead of going to work?
All day? Don't you have work?
You got nothing to do but talk to your sisters all day on the telephone.
You haven't had anything all day.
And all day long you'll have good luck.
Where you been all day?
All day you're in the kitchen and I'm in the office.
All day? You should have made an appointment.
You had a huge line all day.
All day? Where are you taking me? Well, if I told you,
You've been bitching about it all day.
All day long? You animal!
All day long you'll have good luck.
All day you've telling me to keep my antennae up,
All day long you've been afraid to be alone with me.
This whole day you didn't say he was dead.
Are you going to pout all day?
Acting like you are bored whole day.
In such a long time you know where we focus on my needs,
2100 for a whole day's work.
Me and Anthony all day.
The entire day?
Slaved all day in the kitchen, dad?
Stay in bed together all day.
She's been out here all day without water.
All day, baby. All day! Can't stop that.
All day Iong.
You're stuck in a car all day with a jailbird and then you gotta buy 'em a hot dog just to shut' em up.
all day long, all day long 
All day? Yeah.
The whole day doing drive - bys,
All day in blazing heat.
I've been on a plane all day. I'm still not home.
All day, Where is she?
She's been lying to us all day.
All day long the boy ate, played and napped in it.
One job the whole day, and you fell asleep doing it.
Al I day long, baby. All day long.
All day, baby! All day!
How many times do we have to watch that a day?
Spends all day wanting to do somersaults, 
All day. Let's do it.
You miss a whole day.
Nobody toId me for the entire day.
Well, that was a crappy day at the office, huh?
Dream of the day when I could be a proper barber myself.
I didn't get one life or death phone call all day!
All day long I'm talking to them.
We haven't found a thing all day.
Oh, you think it's funny that I slaved all day in this kitchen.
All day I think.
Um full day... I don't think.
I have been on an emotional roller coaster all day today.
All day I watched her running back and forth across Ginling in this work.
All day all I could think about was this moment
I heard that all day.
I've been keeping secrets all day about surgeries and rings and you.
I've been hitting on you all day.
I've been dealing with other people's problems all day.
I been thinkin 'about him all day long. 
All day long I've been dreaming about this. Wait.
All day I write
All day I've begged and apologized, I'm down on my knees,
And all day I thought about it,
I have the whole day mapped out for you.
Cause I make decisions all day long.
I tried to lose myself all day.
All day I had this feeling.
So all day I just had this,
That's how I felt all day.
I haven't had a chance to talk to you all day.
I've been itchy all day.
All day I can watch them with a great deal of certainty
That makes me want to throw up all day long.
Nothing worse than the only message you get all day being from the phone company.
For one whole day and night.
Nothing to do all day.
Like, all day? let's throw in Sunday while we're at it.
Jeff Forster. A whole day, huh?
There has been an enormous release
All day, every day. Just awful.
Everyone just rubs each other all day long.
All day I miss sex.
All day, every time you see them.
Like all day forever.
Sleep all day long
I haven't even seen collier all day.
Ain't got all day, boy.
I haven't seen him all day.
All day. There you go.
A whole day? Yeah, here's how it's gonna work 
A long day.
Locked in a room with metal.
A long day of fighting.
And a whole day's work ruined
A whole day's work - deleted.
To mend,
He has a tantrum about this far into the shooting,
All day and night for days and nights,
Of spectacles and gladiators!
After you've worked all day?
One entire day of celluloid.
One day of pizza and pajamas.
Got a full day ahead of me and I got three hours of sleep last night.
You're stuck in a car all day with a jailbird,
Not a single phone call for the entire day.
We hadn't seen a customer all day.
That guy drilled me all day long.
We dig all day.
I'm gonna be gone all day.
And wouldn't have to pay attention at all today.
Go through a whole day without answering to anyone.
Bought me for the day, huh?
A whole day celebrating the dragon warrior.
Who will be here all day
You've been acting childish all day.
Chewing all day long
We spent the day together.
I've actually been hereall day helping these lovely customers.
It's been happening all day.
Have you been working all day?
Were rehearsing your dance most of the day.
You do that all day?
When you spend all day in a biolaby watching flesh eating bacteria skeletonize small rodents,
Toiling in the Fields all day,
Waiting for you all day long
It was billing all day and I was hunched over the computer
Standing under the blazing sun all day is making me thi rsty.
We've been in here all day. My legs are cramping up.
Stay here and play games all day?
Um, he spent most days there on his laptop doing his day - trading stuff.
You go crazy stuck in here all day.
I've been kind of feeling woozy all day.
Say it to me all day long
It's been that kind of day.
You had all day？
To spend all day down here， Again.
Been thinking about you all day.
Wear it all day to remind you not to lose your head.
We crowded each other the whole day.
And have nothing ahead of me all day long.
Who was asleep for most of the day cause he'd been laid out.
All day all the time.
And it's been going on all day.
Emergency updates all day long. 
All Witwicky all the time.
And she's been like that all day,
Has it been like this all day?
It carried the whole day through.
Beating down on me all day long.
All day they do this. Mothers, lovers, old men.
Guys coming in and out all day. This is the building guy talking.
They've been dropping them off all day.
24 hour a day soaps, all the food you can eat 
I mean, all day not one of you
Nobody told me for the entire day.
Looking at me or talking to me,
Nobody's fed me all day!
Have n't eaten all day. Oh.
Not a single phone caII for the entire day.
Haven't seen him all day.
I feel like I haven't seen you all day.
Din't seen him all day.
That's an entire day wasted.
Free all day. You are?
Were gonna spend a day on the golf course,
Been tortured all day by buttock - clenching flashbacks.
Of all the days to be stuck here.
Tried to lose myself all day.
The thorn that's been in my side all day.
Well, spending a day with your jealous ex
Been going at it all day.
Has this been happening all day?
I have been feeling really bad all day.
All day he looked. Looked on and on.
All day dancers have been dressing to impress.
I hand these things out all day to people.
And the whole day, the whole town was just a mess.
When I'm driving home at night after a long day at work,
How many fish they get through in a full day.
Oh, a full confession that would be great.
I think the whole outfit says, "hey. I live alone and eat soup most meals."
A whole set of world literature for chiIdren. 
An entire town's needs.
Of the art home entertainment system
A complete bang Olufsen home theatre system,
The whole house?
A whole mechanic setup.
Just a whole bunch of "mind your own business."
A very full tool CIP along with a tarp, twine and a multifunction tool,
It's the complete law and order box set!
I got a whole starting kit, good as new.
The whole thing, basically. For who?
There's a whole itinerary.
For investigating infectious diseases,
A coherent society with strict laws governing every aspect of life.
Dave's world of camping store on his back.
A full set of silverware, Ottoman, something called a duvet.
Haven't seen you all season.
The entire semester you've been a model student 
With all the privacy of being on its very own floor?
We'll have a division stuck at Carentan with its pants around its ankles.
Saving entire years worth of salary.
I've been trying to get your ass street side for a year,
It takes them an entire year and only 60 percent of them have
He's been giving away free stuff all year long.
He just sat and stared out the window for a whole year
All year long you suffer through dealing with us.
Reaps all year.
Until exactly one year later. 
A whole year? alright! Well, I think we got what we wanted!
That the sun shuns all year long.
This whole year has been one setback after another for her.
Pretending to be family men one day a year,
All year, we talked about how we couldn't wait to see each other.
All year I have tried to be a different person.
All year long I looked forward to it and feared it.
You can get frost any day of the year,
Being nothing but kind to you people.
For a whole year without fail.
A whole year without a roof over your head?
After what, a year?
It was such a long year without you.
Not for one year, maybe dead by now.
A year! And now you're gonna tell me how to run my relationship?
If you weren't gonna use them, man?
A whole year's worth.
Came to get revenge for a year of loving every minute of it?
You slept through history class last year.
This springwater 
You fought for me all year. I've come to fight for you.
Oh, now do you really think that's fair for you to get to go on the most coveted field trip
For an entire year, you shall live without one of your senses.
Made $2,000 that year, Nearly starved.
It's a whole woo hoo village.
And a string of baller boyfriends.
It just came flying at us.
The whole row.
Just a row of honey jars as far as the eye could see.
An army could not kill him.
I got an army behind me. An army!
A whole chorus line.
A whole pirate fleet.
An entire army of Jew robots!
I got the whole fucking Jap army headed your way
I got the whole fucking Jap army headed your way, ver.
Keep on singing all day long
And just sat in a chair all by himself all night Iong.
Where I got to keep the lights on all night.
And spend my nights with fashionistas
And has been all night.
Overnight, antiquing on the way back,
All night? On what?
All night, you people here make noise. Upset turtles.
This whole night,you've been examing me?
You know I've been listening to you tell that story all night well into this morning.
Been hearing about it all night as it is.
All night? Yeah, I slept at my parent's house.
Spent a night together?
Stay up all night doing research, you're bound to be.
She was at home with me the entire night.
She's been hogging the thing all night.
Easy money, easy money all night!
All night. Where's Kimi?
All night the baby cries inside the house,
All night? Baby.
And greet people all night.
Psychologically manipulating him all night long?
All night by himself. No food, no gear.
All night right in front of?
All night the engine has to come out. Everything is jammed.
All night imagine that.
We hit those ambush points hard all night.
We worked all night holding back a wall of water.
All night long I assumed as much.
And all night I was trying to figure out
I spent the whole night worried something happened to you.
Late one night?
The whole time never left me.
I stayed out all night helping her with the damn horse.
That one cosmically satisfying night out of my mind just doesn't seem possible.
It's nothing that can't be fixed with a night of scotch
For the rest of the night? For the rest of my life?
You can smell the corditein the air from all the gunfire overnight.
For a night of well - mannered frivolity.
I don't know how I'm gonna spend an entire night alone with the winker.
And crouching on his knees all night is going to help?
The whole night? Where would you sleep?
We've been alone all night.
Was in my jail all night long.
I was up all night studying lines with Walt, so that's probably what did it.
For a whole night.
Spent the night in the hospital getting his stomach pumped.
The whole night was one big walk down memory lane.
He stayed out all night? Who was he with?
Up all night thinking about me?
Is accounted for all last night,
All night sewing a hang glider's intestines back together.
All she did was talk about herself the entire night.
I've been here all night.
Been in restaurants all night.
We literally fucked all night. I'm like exhausted today.
A whole night in that Bush candle tree.
You know up all night thinking about it.
How piteously a night I made them swing!
Rock roll all night long
As it has been all night.
You mean you didn't write a single scene the whole night?
I was soaking wet for the whole night.
Not with an electric guitar playing over my head all night.
It's been doing that all night.
In one night of binging.
Been up all night.
Boy looked like he was beat
For the whole month.
But an entire book on fossilized dinosaur eggs?
You have issues.
Covered every single inch of it.
A whole rack of them perfectly tailored,
An entire table? No, that is very possible.
An entire table of University boosters are coming to see you, thanks to me.
We got a table.
A hole lotta fun.
As soon as I get my dad's stuff squared away.
The whole damn bottle.
Have a whole bottle. Cheer yourself up.
One bottle of sweet cherry wine.
Crates and crates full of these.
A whole case excellent.
Boy ate a raw box of rice a  Roni?
I only use a pinch of cayenne for the whole batch.
A whole litter like that.
An entire tube of toothpaste?
Oh! And a box full of Danny's old schoolwork?
Supposed to be at the Jessup wholesale market by yesterday.
A box full of women's underwear
An entire gift basket of sex toys?
Whole boxes of these?
You were the inspiration for this entire basket.
An entirely new set of moons.
A whole range of mammalian competitors and predators to these shores.
A whole can of Bibble and a vibrating helmet,
An entire jar of peanut butter?
Whole bunch of guns.
A whole campful of soldiers!
Whole bag of it. Preach.
The entire bag of heroin is stuck in my throat.
And a bag full of guns.
A pocketfull of rye.
Got a whole packet of clippings for you. From a Mr. Howe.
I mean spread, man. I pulled my butt apart and stuff.
How does a busful of kids just vanish into thin air?
A whole car full of jelly beans.
Whole sections missing 20 years ago
A whole movie made with puppets.
I put a half a teaspoon in the whole pot.
A whole team of people about thmiry, doctors, gram governnt types.
There's an entire army headed your way.
A team of engineers couldn't crack that, but you,
A fleet of my grunt - bots,
A full squadron of gliders and a troop transport.
A whole team of doctors and not one of them ever said he was gonna be fine.
Maybe they were camels, can't remember.
Solid concrete wall. No door.
A full page? All right, two?
It will be very painful
Is worth less than nothing.
Piece of junk.
They're shit!
Utterly useless?
Worthless.
Nothing to me, man.
WorthIess? He's still a deiightfui companion.
They're not worth anything, I don't have anywhere else to go,
Worthless? Snakes!
Total zeros.
Absolute rubbish.
You stupid little shit!
It's worthless. The check is no good?
Cheap son of a...
Green rocks.
Broke. Speak English.
Broke, burdened by gambIing debts, desperate for cash,
Low - life tweaker.
Without a penny to their name
The house of lchimonji and its domains will be safe.
Ichimonji rock - cutter blade.
Lord lchimonji is an excellent opportunity.
Made a thousand bucks.
Some wine and meat please
Some wine and meat, a bowl of noodles too
Each or per kilo?
One catty of sorghum wine. Yes.
I knew the minute I heard it cut out.
Once the power went out, people got a little nervous.
As soon as the lights go out I'm gone.
The new one and the original,
Happy new year!
To the left occipital lobe.
Someone doesn't answer game's over.
One keeps bumping into the other the whole time,
A place that's just for you to.
One side setting us up to help take out the other.
Employ those of one village.
Imagine what it would be like
The troubled heart of their land.
If one side doesn't get us the other one will.
Life here.
And a search for answers.
A search for help.
Try to prove to the other who you belong to.
One must expect the same sort of behavior.
Where one army tries to get a spy past enemy lines.
One hits the jackpot and the other one gets stuck
What happens to one of you will affect the other.
What happens to one of you will affect the other. You must understand this.
Winner by submission.
Was ever known so great and little loss on one part and on the other?
Where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action.
Now, when she comes walk in over attack and defence. Invasion and repulsion.
One recants saying he was making it all up， so you wouldn't be sad.
Between the Autobots who fought for freedom
And one that has been going on forever.
That on one side there's the Israeli army,
Between the earth's inner heat that push the land up
One is Christian.
And the Decepticons who dreamt of tyranny.
A has - been and a man whose own credible legacy.
Between the champion ship's richest club and a team
The queen the truth the one and only,
On one hand is this man who breaks the law.
Gonna be a pie from heaven above 
One across the sea in the exile Targaryen siblings,
When a player realizes he'll inevitably be checkmated.
The places where people live were chosen
One is light, one is dark.
And a red veil with nine phoenixes
Bring enough power to bear, and one may succeed
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
One party had money the other had information.
Fight ends with a knockout or a tap out.
Legitimate state interest in recovering probative felony case evidence
One party feels they're not getting enough,
One party feels they're notgetting enough, the other party feelsthey're giving too much.
One man's terrorist is another man's patriot, isn't it?
Between a highly disciplined army with every technological advantage,
Where one side can pull the other side across a center line.
And somebody going to somebody that helped it versus hindered it.
People took sides. The scrunchy motion finally passed.
The one side very incredibly tall the other incredibly small,
Well, on the one hand people were flying balloons in the 19th century.
Grief for the death of his brother,
Because you're happy for them 'cause we all became so close friends.
For 1 and I figure that's bound to get old, right?
We've got an excellent day of surfing on hand.
One is they extend their ability to extract resources out of their own populations
On one hand they say, "I don't like this"
On the one hand, he's in the final round, on the other hand.
Half of him wanted to write to her immediately.
Now, on the one hand he's not getting deader.
On one hand he's supposed to be the czar of all the people.
With works that might be more popular on the one hand more
On the one hand, he had to speak to his people
On the one hand, he says the government
On one side, the code makers and scientists,
Was on the one hand terrifying, but on the other hand
Apart from the excuse of going after master Chu,
On the one hand, Elaine.
On the one side seemed certain ruin
On the one hand, as a physician, I am obliged to help you.
For one thing, you're still on probation.
On the one hand, you're telling me she just had an impulsive lapser of judgment fo months ago,
And, you know,
So you can relax knowing your uncle's company will be in good hands.
You told the head nurse that the police were conspiring deliberately to punish you.
Wiith your left hand you would use me as a shield against Mordor.
For one thing you don't even mean it.
On one hand, you celebrated.
But you should have seen him
On one hand you should be in bed.
In one sense you're a hero.
I mean on the one hand you got white cops who walk the beat in black neighborhoods,
On one hand you had these five that were going home and they were crying and it was bad,
On the one hand I have your statement saying you acted in self-defense.
I mean on one hand you look at him,
Part of me says if you do that again,
While you're focusing on your screenplays.
With one hand the Kai offered the chief a peace offering.
While Indonesia denies any plans.
And supporting another aspect.
And your penchant for breaking the law.
That everyone on the planet would find it utterly revolting.
Just one of the reasons people are comfortable talking to me.
We have the water completely on one side,
One, we could lower our standard of care.
On the one hand would just blow him away.
And while one may be to keep beef safe,
Partly because they might not know
Partly because it was green.
Either because Freya was with this man,
That's one way of putting it.
L will select a few members from the police
You insisted it was a suicide but you search for the corpse?
Because not only have you lost holding the street wall here,
Well, for one Austin is my student.
0n one hand it suits mean if she leaves the house.
On the one hand she stood up for herself
On one side you have the not - trained maternal family
Well, her South pole's definitely prevailing.
On the one hand she stood up for herself and got legal action.
The way she adjusts her angle of pursuit to overtake the mouse,
On the one hand as I argued
On the one hand, you weren't likely to think of me as a circus spy
One one hand, if she'd gone out with me, she would have never got shot.
On one hand if she'd gone out with me,
For one thing it doesn't involve a third party.
In part a radical new musical vision,
Well, it's unbelievably rare for one thing
We need it to sustain life, and on the other it can kill us,
In part it's the enormity of the industry.
While on one hand, it dreams big。
The Antonine wall brought cultures together,
On one hand get liberated.
Now on the one hand it is very difficult for a man to even speak to someone who looks like you.
On the one hand, it is very difficult for a man.
On the one hand, the great churches are clearly instruments of astronomical learning,
Hard and badass on one hand.
I mean it would be very romantic for one,
On one hand into a race of super-beings,
And the magnificence of the music.
In one the monster is a hero, destroying all those that seek to harm its maker.
Let us quietly decrease air traffic
For one thing, I don't want it reported like the redskins won the super bowl.
On the one hand I was proud he was showing his feelings.
On one hand it's Iike I've been waiting for this moment my whole Iife.
On the one hand, here, you're guaranteed a great meal.
On the one hand, we should proceed with caution.
Now, on one hand, we've got our ideal number.
On the one hand we have the gym complex.
On the one hand, we had a practical bus,
On one hand, what do we have? We have a little harmless dancing..
On the one hand we have you.
On the one hand we might die.
Because on the one hand you have the city,
We had a lot to work out in one sense.
That we have information that the other side.
The one hand we have science which deals with reason and fact.
We had little more than hope
On the one hand, we have these unalienable rights
For one thing we can't even be sure
On this side we have a district attorney
Whilst we are keen to protect him.
On the one hand we applaud it for giving us all a voice and for giving us tremendous power,
That we are building you up,
And we're going to look at them both in the context of the architectural style walls
On one hand, yes. But on the other I get it.
On just one hand, I'd say yes.
Well, on the one hand, I'd say it's psychotic.
On one hand I had these very vivid dreams,
On one hand, I can imagine you throwing me down.
Part of me felt bad for the rogue.
0n one hand I could be a graphic designer, or I could be asinger.
On one hand l'm like you all,
On the one hand I love the fact
In one way like that statement.
On one hand, I'm inheriting a new son in law,
Of me hopes that she can understand my suffering.
Part of me wants to ask you
In a way I was glad of this,
On the one hand I'm sorry for your loss.
On one hand I'm ineriting a new son in law,
On one hand I'm inheriting a new son in law,
On the one hand, I thought he was psycho.
You know, on the one hand I want to forget her.
Half of me wants to kill him, the other half wants to salvage my marriage.
A part of me wonders.
Part of me wishes her luck
It was one thing to feel like my book
On one hand, I'm a scientist and I say to myself,
You know I feel scared
That I both killed my mother,
On the one hand I have an overwhelming love for myself.
Well, for one thing because I know that eventually you're gonna have to go to that job of yours
On the one hand, I was convinced dobel was a raving psychotic lunatic.
On the one hand, I was sure that
Half of me thinks he could do a really good job
Part of me feels bad like I'm exploiting him
On the one hand I always thought.
Well, for one thing, I hate people who are abusively nice.
On one hand I despise slavery.
Part of me is looking forward to going.
On the one hand rejecting a society
One, boost their confidence and have them prepared.
One arm of the government said it would do something, does nothing.
Partly that.
Cause it's the right thing to do
On the one hand your mother's property... She's a partner.
The one with your personal life on one side,
You have citizen engagement on one hand.
On one hand it's about the problems of farmers,
Partly because of my husband,
Moreover that we much did long to see you,
Victorious in the English civil war,
They let you be part of the city, or away from the city.
On one hand is the difference between soldiers and civilian
On the one hand the history of the shroud to find out exactly what it is,
One that is happening and full of painful realities,
One for stealing the pie maker's heart
Claims of moral desert on the one hand,
Partly because I think it's a good exercise,
While one side was being neglected.
In the one hand you'll have Morpheus' life.
Memories fade,
One aspect is violence but they also make friends with other males.
On the one hand, I have your statement
On one hand there's video of you confessing to a murder.
On the one hand there's this beautiful available woman.
Actually in one way you're right.
Well, on the one hand you've got some mysterious heart and tummy problems.
Well, on the one hand you don't have a home
What once, you know, was the Idealism.
On the one hand, Jason was there known to be an unpredictable thug.
On the one hand it's no more difficult than,teleporting a plant across the room
For the Vibrio and chelate for the hemochromatosis.
On the one hand "take care to stop this now, or you will pay"?
It's partly because I'm Buddhist, it's partly because I'm not very good at them.
Reprimand them on the one hand.
We advance this case more by sitting on that location.
On the one hand you really want to find the body.
Oh, well, on one hand it does make me feel better.
At one point the precise depth varies according to where we are in the world,
And it shows while on one hand they respect ancient Greek architecture,
Where on one hand you've got the president of the United States digging his heels in over foreign policy
In one sense, it's comforting.
The number of childbearing women is going up but the number of children that each of them have is going down.
For one thing if you cross me or my army you will never set foot in Florida again.
For one thing it has given us
On the one hand it appeared that young stars had the right kind of planet building material,
On the one hand you're giving her hope.
That smelled so bad,
On one hand the police were investigating who had done all this.
While the Bureau works their leads.
Part of me likes it and part of it terrifies me.
They're trying to pick up a trail on any known second wave terrorists,
The one for whom that little red lamp burns
One is to say it's a huge improvement
On the one hand,
One the one hand this copier is very old.
It could look exploitative on one hand and it's now or never on the other.
In a way, it's quite exciting.
In a way, this is like
We're going to see a certain move back toward a conservative vision,
One is the television show we're all on the celebrity apprentice,
One is the television show we're all on,
For one he was experiencing reward for the first time since he's been here.
On the one hand it was the seat of God
Part of me is glad for that.
And they're also trying to source stolen weapons - grade nuclear materials.
Well, for one it's in high school.
For one thing, the banks are closed.
Dealing with the death of our parents while confronting our own mortality.
So much for standing by, Connor?
Sheep road on one side kokosing road perpendicular.
While stereo speakers broadcast
Step aside.
It's vital that the crabs have the best possible protection
His entire life fits into one duffel bag.
One above and one below.
An entirely new family of elements.
How you think you're worthless and unlovable
Ai didn't got nothing left, burnt it away.
Was in vain.
Could get nothing out of him. Promises definite answer soon.
Getting nothing done!
Nothing. No sight and no sound.
Nothing or anything.
And life savings,
Dispossessed.
He has no one 
Nothing to lose?
We had nothing!
Zip. Flat broke.
Nothing, just nothing remains, no, I can't,
If you got nothing or even if you got it all 
Few possessions, no money really.
You might be willing to lose everything, but I'm not.
Lost everything.
No tengo nada!
There's nothing. - calm down.
Nothing. Made nothing, had nothing.
Nothing. But today?
With nothing but my secret.
Nothing! You could just do your material.
Cost you everything? You don't know what everything means.
With nothing as a family.
Nothing at all. - hey, grandpa.
A professional pariah reduced to barely practicing law.
With nothing and no one, living in a place I am not welcome.
It's tough to come here with nothing.
It's tough to come here with nothing. Oh, yeah, okay.
"Nothing "is a strong word.
Nothing? Nothing.
Nothing. Do you know what the pension is for an officer who kills himself?
Nothing is everything.
Nothing - everything.
You can't parent in a vacuum.
Nothing, ma'am.
Nothing. We have nothing, people.
Well nothing. The goal wasn't to prove it.
Nada nothing on gun control.
Half of nothing is nothing. 
Nothing plainer - he is clearly quite insane!
You can find that rare gem of a person
Who's got nothing to lose.
There is no better player than a man who's got nothing to lose.
A woman gets nothing not even her children.
Queen of nothing but her sins.
The good thing about losing everything was there was nothing else to lose.
Once upon a time was nothing
A boy, with nothing. You learn how to fight Queenie.
Everybody throws a hail Mary when they got nothing to lose.
I come to this country with nothing,
Someone with nothing gave everything for me.
Who's lost everything.
With nothing to show for myself except crippling mediocrity,
I don't have anything, anyone.
Nothing. Why is that?
Nothing at all, which is really disappointing.
Okay, with nothing, not even a photograph.
Nothing beside remains.
About a password.
Where he calls you out of your depth?
Nothing. He just disappeared. No driving licence, no bank details.
Nothing, but after guarding me for four months, I've come to value his quiet opinion.
Nothing. I don't know.
Nothing. But I don't know how to run a buy more.
Nothing. No one's called since you've been shot.
Nothing. Precisely.
The sleep of the innocent.
Nothing. - good.
Oh, what they don't know won't hurt them.
Knowing nothing doesn't make it better.
Nothing. Good.
Nothing. I only see him when he's expecting a drop at the cafe. 
Nothing. I never studied it in school.
Nothing. We were informed
Nothing. I swear.
Closed book. All I found out is he's way inside.
Nothing. Which explains how I broke it in the first place.
Not knowing is the worst feeling in the world.
You are talking about. Well, maybe not.
Nothing. No driving licence no bank details.
Haven't a clue. Laser beam home security systems
About this little fact, Mr Holmes.
No? Then why were you going to that house?
Nothing, except our bounty hunter followed him from California.
Nothing, as far as I can tell.
Ever.
Found nothing.
And getting nowhere.
But nothing.
For nothing?
Nothing？
Nothing panned out,
Nothing helped you? Nothing.
We got nothing. No, we did get something.
Nothing, but I did find out
Buried, but I can tell you
So we got nothing.
Nothing turned up. - what?
It means "nothing". What beats three of a kind?
No, he's dead.
I've got nothing but what I think are lies from our vic's object of affection.
And nothing. But...
Came up empty. - but?
I got nothing. How'd you get this?
There are none! OK? There are no embeds up there.
Nothing so far sir.
No hints. Truck must be registered to her husband or other family member.
They had nothing. Might explain why.
Dead end. It's just an empty rail yard South of downtown.
No help. Cameras only cover the parking lot and clubhouse.
You were nowhere to be found.
Nothing. - it's like being the first bird born without an egg,
Nothing. It's like being the first bird born without an egg,
Nothing. The subnet's been crashing.
Nothing. It will not speak.
Nothing? Nope.
Nothing is something.
And that's bad why?
Nothing? I don't know where else to look.
Nothing. We're too late.
Nothing. We even checked down the sewers.
Nothing. I'm beginning to think
It has been nothing. I say so without bitterness or self-reproach
Nothing. - nothing on my end, either.
Nothing? Sorry, guv.
Nothing. What next?
Nothing. Old address books photographs,
Nothing. The water temperature overnight.
I got nothing. Might need more divers because it's a big pond.
Nothing - no prints, no tool marks.
Nothing. Not a whiff of anything sketchy.
Nothing - no murder weapon, not a lot of blood.
Nothing. No connection.
Could make it zero sum gain or even hurt me.
Vanish into nothingness.
Our lack of success is depressing the captain.
Nothing. Looks like he wore some gloves.
Nothing, boss.
It bothers me we aren't found nothing.
This is the nine millionth ring store, and l can't find the perfect ring.
Nothing. Well, that's it then.
A whole lot of nothing. No doorman on the building.
Nothing so far. - how much more is there?
Nothing. Her purse is on the front seat, keys are in the ignition,
I got nothing except a sound.
Nothing? Talk to anybody except the guy who sold you that cotton candy?
Don't matter. You'll give her that.
With no skills
Frozen in time.
Dead weight.
Useless,
Being useless and unpopular
Good for nothing, two - faced cheap husband?
Nothing. What?
I'm a Iousy Iay, I don't know why you wanna keep me.
Nothing good.
Is worthless.
To be worthless. To be helpless!
Pretty much nothing, I suppose...
You're nothing live with that.
There's nothing for it. - Oh, isn't there?
No good. Too sluggish.
Weren't good for anything?
A no - good outlaw. I tried hard to earn
Good - for - nothing kickable creatures
Good for nothing sidekick!
With nothing to lose.
A useless good - for - nothing!
A worthless guard.
Useless is an empty soap dispenser in a restroom,
You good for nothing.
With no discernable life skills whatsoever.
Nothing, absolutely nothing.
Useless cat - dressing life.
And having no further concern.
A woman was mugged at gunpoint,
Everyday. $100,000 per day
Two pills three times a day. And read the directions.
That were laid down centuries ago
Breakfast is the most disturbing meal of the day.
Three times a day like clockwork - breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
He eats three chickens every day for breakfast, lunch, supper and dessert.
Three meals a day is very important.
And I never miss a feeding,
3 hot meals, comfy bed,
To three square meals a day and a clean jumpsuit.
Three square meals a day,
Eating sowbelly and corn pone three times a day.
It's like cooking a banquet three times a day.
And all your meals are included.
Until all the roots are dug up.
I will not even take a nap until you and your tired gang are suffering sideways,
If we don't kill the witch. The next tombstone may have your name on it!
Seems like forever since I've seen you or heard from you.
A couple drops twice a day and I'm fine.
Twice a day before meals.
Once an underling always an underling.
I was your master once.
Once a musketeer always a musketeer.
Once a cook, forever a cook.
Once a marine always a marine, sir!
We but do as commanded.
Once a sex worker, always a sex worker.
Once a hooker, always a hooker. Oh, fuck you!
Once a family doc, always a family doc.
Once your boss, always your boss.
Once a soldier, always a soldier.
Once a werewolf, always a werewolf, Michael.
Cats now and forever.
Once a king or queen of Narnia,
Once a cop, always a cop.
Well, a badge doesn't expire,
Once a cop... Always a cop.
Once a thief forever a thief
Once a grifter always a grifter.
Once a thief always a thief.
Once a captain always a captain, bastard.
Once you're the president, you're always Mr. President.
There were 32 astonishing cases within a day.
Day trip! Bring your camera! Bring your cameras! - sure!
It sets the tone for the day.
Egg white omelet on English muffin with my favorite banana peppers to boot.
You're burning daylight! 
It's that time of day again.
It is amazing how much has changed in a day.
Guess I'll call it a night!
Once a politician.
Biessed be, at light of day,
Well, you know, a baby sitter's job never ends.
Once a thief, forever a thief. What you want you always steal!
Once a cheater, always a Cheater.
And I will be a jet from my first cigarette to my last dying day.
The first of the daily double.
$100,000 per day? At 10 cents per soda pop can, then $100,000 is the equivalent of.
One day's labor!
Should heal his wounds in a day
Day break season 1 episode 1
Drama day break season 1 episode 2
Day break season 1 episode 5
Day break season 1 episode 3
Day break season 1 episode 4
King for a day.
One day, in the port of nauplis.
What's the meaning of each passing day?
Four seasons in one day
Once a coward, always a coward.
Lost $200 million in a day.
Made it through the day.
Once the evening's chill
Morning, noon, and night,
Once a princess always a princess.
Because once a wildcat.
A chief cannot become anything less than a chief even in death.
You ever heard of "innocent until guilty"?
You won't know before the duel!
If a day goes by without a meeting.
Once a seal always a seal.
"Once a player always a player. "Your words, right?
Once an ODS always an ODS,
Once a whore always a whore.
The guy she stashed in your closet on the rare occasion you got home early.
Catch of the day.
The 1 day intensive the reason I came back home
Once a Nazi always a Nazi, if you ask me.
At the end of the day, you'll be the one left standing. At then end of the day?
The day ends, the end begins.
Once a ranger, always a ranger.
Once a killer spy, always a killer spy, right?
Once a crook, always a crook. Once a tramp, always a tramp.
Once a copper always a copper.
Once a loser, always a loser, huh? Now, come on! Let's go!
One day, to my surprise.
You lead me the wrong way!
You're always a marine.
Once a motorman always a motorman.
Anytime a child 13 or under goes missing,
When it's connected up with over 300 other islands,
Once the money is in our account,
Once a man makes it he can't end up nowhere but here.
Once a man ate at our table without his shirt.
Once a perosn gets hooked on making easy money.
Now, once the person is hooked on making easy money.
Once a man has seen society's black underbelly.
Once they've done four or five jobs, someone bumps them off,
Where once there was nothing, the spirit, magic and mystery emerge.
When a woman says she doesn't want you, begging does not help.
Once a woman senses she has control she'll tell a thousand of her friends.
Once an object is picked up by a tornado, it isn't carried and then set down.
As soon as one was pushed, the rest started falling.
When an Afghan freedom fighter gets captured,
Once he's declared war on his rival.
And once it's over, the government must be seen as victims of the 456.
And once it's over, the government must be seen
When one person is yelling and screaming,
As soon as we hit the first one,
And one of you gets hurt, then you've lost a friend
Once all the players on one team are eliminated, the opposing team wins.
Once a dog is pushed to the point of death, it becomes a meek slave.
I mean whenever a new ability leaks to the press 
So once it all came together,
That once we had gone to the front,
You walk out. You own it.
Once we get on the stage, we're gonna burn it.
Once you're on their list, you never get off.
Once the seal goes up, it's frozen. We're gonna try and reach his daughter.
Once you get on that merry go round, it's hard to get off.
I can't garantuee that my clients will continue to be reasonable if we take this to court.
Once these guys get a taste, it never seems to go away.
If he got on it
Once in orbit, these satellites will target
Once we get back on the highway we'll be there soon, don't worry.
Once you get blacklisted, you're screwed.
They put you in that book, you're gonna be in trouble.
Once it's out there， it's out there forever.
And water's scarce once you get up there on the state plains.
Strange went out the window upon arrival. They know each other is the point.
Once you start, it's easy.
A little name - calling should do the trick.
Not from the fiendish coils of drug addiction no man can do it.
Once you file, the state opens up an investigation into your family.
Once they were in, they couldn't get out. It was a perfect goddamn crime.
Once we get off this floor we're in the clear.
Because once we give these orders there's no going back.
Once we give these orders there's no going back.
And you have the temperament to succeed
Being good is something you keep in your heart because you put it there.
You can't change a bet once you've placed it.
Once they're down, I'll start the reformat.
Once it's time to spike your target's drink the important thing is to control the dose.
And when it does rain it's a real cloudburst,
They'll be prepared to storm the building as soon as the order is given.
When the bar gets lowered, we all pay the price.
When it does bad things happen.
Once the insulated lower layers get warm enough.
Once they're not lead dog, they go crazy.
And once you start breaking ,
It's a slippery road to hell once you start breaking.
Anything goes wrong,
The day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it.
When it's not, you get upset.
Ruthless if he didn't get it.
Which cannot escape, producing bubbles in the cheese.
When I'm not playing with the monkeys they want me to run to the bars
But when they don't.
When you sleep with the king it ceases to be a private matter.
And when they overlap with a star,
And it comes in contact with that gas,
Once people everywhere start developing abilities.
The world starts to tip to one side,
And if the doomsday prophets are proven right,
And when the world ends, they'll have to sit outside the gates for all eternity.
As the power goes out around the world,
Once Churchill gained his victory, Cripps no longer posed a threat.
And when it does come out,
But if they do, they simply ask for forgiveness.
When this is all over, she's gonna get her diploma.
But when the hammer comes down and it always comes down 
Once the delivery's been made,
When things go missing,
When you lose the foot that luck goes sour.
In case it ever gets lost or stolen you can track it down.
And without a job, I'll never get next year's tuition.
That if the doorway between the two universes
Was the inevitle collision.
When two black holes get too close
If ever the two crystals should meet,
Once two feet come off the ground, it's a lift.
And once those two objectives have been met,
Once a pattern of traits is established, they move on to computer tasks.
With the Chinese in possession of the component,
Which in case you didn't know causes temporary blindness.
He wasn't strong enough to take the hit 
If you break the chain, the suffering will have no end.
As soon as Winterfell got word that we'd taken Torrhen's square,
As soon as Daniel hit 50, his wheels fell off.
Once an agent, always an agent.
And when the vigilantes
When the VRA is repealed and my name is cleared.
Once the passengers have deplaned
Once they have become accustomed to the manners of Europe,
Something that would be useful foryou to be accustomed to.
Once it's published, you can go back to your own writing.
Get the wrong kind people get upset.
When you lose your cool, the bull's going to get you.
He's not so bad once you get to know him.
Once she knew his routine, it was easy.
You'll like him once you get to know him.
She's not that bad once you get to know her.
It will get out.
If things go well, all of namwon might be Chunhyang's.
If it backfires, there'll be no fallout on you.
As soon as everything's in order, you will find me.
Once that's settled, we sell the land back to the great state of new Jersey.
And once that happens,
Once something happens, it's difficult to put it back the way?
And once something is set in motion, it can't help Pt build momentum.
But once that happens, we are both very much
The minute things became complicated, you became dispensable.
If anything gets out of control
This thing goes off,
As soon as things quieted down, I'd quit my job.
Once things get loud. I'll probably have use for the cannons.
When things go bad, that trust is the difference between life and death.
The sooner I get it done,
And when that gets tricky.
A greater misfortune for this country
But if something goes wrong, you have got to.
The second that that is over, you go back to your.
With publicity, you get confessions.
Once the secret's out,
If and when your cover is blown, you disappear.
Look, the truth comes out, I'm accused of fraud.
And the more things spin out of control,
Then once it's over, you can barely recall a thing.
You'll be handsomely rewarded if it works!
There's an interesting pattern in his decisions involving the
Things are liable to become difficult for the principal parties involved.
Once the doppelganger reappeared,
Once the doppelganger reappeared, the curse can be broken.
Once you are in the air,
When Adam's flesh and Adam's bone
And once Arthur is dead?
Okay, as soon as Arthur's music kicks in,
Once delivered, they go straight to the outhouse.
If the ransom was paid, he returned the victims uarmed.
Once that transaction's been confirmed,
Once the delivery's been made, I want complete containment.
Once we've made the deal and we have the money,
Once you enter into this bargain, it cannot be undone.
Once we've made the trade, we have no leverage.
You're walking into a firefight!
And you might get caught in the crossfire.
You hand it over to the authorities, it's just gonna disappear, along with us!
Once they've mated,
Once it lifts.
When it cracks, the whole neutron star readjusts itself,
Once you kiss her, it'll be like you been making out
Once you've been there, once you've seen it,
If the birth mother changes her mind,
Once people see whales or sharks in a different light,
Once people figure out that something's wrong.
Once peopIe find out, the treaty won't be worth a thing.
Soon as people find out you got something,
Once people find out you're alive,
If people know 
So people breathe it, they're affected.
Once people learn this kind of trigger.
Once people learnthis kind of trigger.
When people have a perception of who you are and what you are,
Once men have tasted caviar, it baffles me how they settle for catfish.
If they start to lose faith in him,
When people began to stare at the heavens through this everyday stuff, they would undermine hundreds of years of religious doctrine.
People are gaining abilities,
When that occurred,
As soon as people realize his tonics don't work, it's on to the next town.
Once people see you as sick, they don't see anything else.
Once people had the leisure time
Once people see what we can do here,
People will report you as soon as look at you.
Ones they see on the girls they want to be.
Once people see that I uncovered a historical conspiracy,
Once people get married, they stop trying.
If people thought we were robbing farmers of their land, it would have decimated sales.
As soon as people had gotten used to their new situation.
The human body has got. You look at the fingernail clippings.
As man brought animals into domestication,
The power of attorney is invalid once a person dies.
Once people find out the treaty won't be worth a thing.
Once the people have been intimidated to withdraw
By people being able to see beneath the surface,
Once man has taken a few individuals from the wild,
When the human race discovers it is not alone.
They will hunt us when they discover the virus' true origin.
They would come back very quickly.
Once these human bodies are made,
Once you get older, sex will be better.
Once he hit the water, they hunted him down.
And once the victim has been isolated by the friendly forces, what then?
Once something's buried,
Once the details of what we accomplished here today
I will head up there as soon as we are dismissed for the day.
Once introduced to the pride
Once we search their places, if we find the gun.
Once I got the painting out of the back, it's a matter of hiding it in something innocuous.
Once they get what they need from her,
Okay, let me know
By the moon and ocean spirits they will be difficult to defeat.
Once free of the wheel, it resumes its usual motion.
She gets out of here, she's gonna run.
Once the danger to the warehouse passes, 
A lot harder boss than me, once he gets a hang of the job.
And when he does.
If he bites, we can track the withdrawal.
As long as you get him talking, he's bound to say something that links him to his crimes.
Once he stepped foot off this boat, it got complicated. You know that.He knew that.
Once he's gone, we'll have a chance
Once he's gone, we'll have a chance to set things right again.
And once he sets his mind, it's stuck
Once he had made up his mind about something.
As soon as he's off the plunger,
When he's gone,
Once he's gone, you'll let it go.
Once he stopped being a cop, he wasn't doing nothing for me.
Once he's out of the picture,
If he should not stand,
Once that punk starts talking to save his skin,
Well it will change once he gets to know you,
He will kill her as soon as he realizes what you're doing.
Once he places his cards on the table,
And once he arrives from new York we'll go to the authorities.
Once they 
One day they're on TV
Then, once they're up here they belong to me.
So once they were hooked on telling me how stupid I am,
Once they disembark the train,
They flip a switch, you'll kill me without even knowing it.
Once they're down,
As long as they're operating within the law.
They start losing hope.
They stop thinking it, you stop running it.
When they stop caring, that's when we have a problem.
Now if that happens, we need to be sure
Once they're out of her class,
Once they stop takin 'stuff, they're gonna start takin' people.
And if they off themselves, he just goes down to the local gym,
Once they stop thinking it, you stop running it.
As soon as either one of them makes a call,
But once they understand our strategy
We let them through the front door and then we jam our guns into the back of their heads.
Once they experience it, they can't let it go. How do you know?
Once they experience it, they can't let it go.
And they tap on the brakes,
All the hacking in the world isn't gonna help if they shut us down.
If one of them follows you here,
Soon as they put a new team together,
Once they decide not to like you, you'll never see them again.
And soon as they are ready,
And when they are go out they must cover themselves in cloaks
They'll pop up somewhere and when they do, it comes straight to us.
Once they arrive, I can't hehp you escape.
But as soon as they're in new Mexico,
As soon as they hit the gap, we'll take them out!
Once they reach the clearing, I'll give the signal.
Once they're there, they shouldn't have any problem.
And once they get here, all of these questions won't matter one bit.
Once there teams will need to
As soon as they get there, I promise you
They could hit the town from anywhere once they get to route 6.
When they land,
Once they make shore in Philly,
Once they arrive here, there'll be no chance!
As soon as they get to that planet, they'll open up with everything they've got
And when they get here,
Once they get it.
When they find out.
Once they find out, they will try to silence me.
Once they find you.
Because if they know that I have powers
And once they'll find the witching miscreants
And when they find that diamond bracelet,
Once they find you're missing they'll block the bridge
As soon as they find out you're going after them for a bioweapon,
As soon as they deemed you expendable, they tossed you overboard.
If they figure out who you are.
As soon as they find out you're going after them
As soon as they discover that the hit has failed,
Once they knew that she was undocumented.
As soon as they find the body,
That once they figure out how to get over that wall,
If they find out we do this might all be taken away.
Once they found out what I could do, they let me "volunteer" for national security work.
Once they see what I can do I'll have a whole new life,
If they thought somebody was a dealer, they'd walk right up to them.
Once he figures out there's nothing wrong, then.
Once they figure out that mullet's not you.
When they see that the Venus is gone there will be guards everywhere.
When they find out that it's not the original tires.
Once they figure that out, it's a short walk in the park
Now how do you think they're gonna feel when they find out
You are gonna have a had time keeping people in the hotel once they wake up.
Once they tuck into my cuisine,
When they line up against you there's nothing you can do.
Once they lodge a preemptive protest to state,
Once they got their hands on me,
They hear the offer.
And when they hear this signal, the militia are to go to war,
And once they heard I was a suffragette
Once they have departed,
And once they told American people what communism was.
If any of them bites a human,
If any of them bites a human the truce is over.
And if they smell food they will swarm.
And once they come.
Once they're back at the retirement community,
By the time they return, the portal will already be closed.
When they lose control, they can't hide and we see them,
Once they fail
Once they seize power,
Soon as they're better they'll be sent back to the front.
Once their safety is confirmed you'll get your vault.
Once they're safe I'll give you the password.
And once they're done?
Once they complete the transfer they won't need her anymore.
Once they complete the transfer,
Once they finish with the spackle and paint,
And once they've pulled off their vicious acts,
And since they claimed you as one of their agents, you won't have to worry about them.
Once they've done this to you， Can you ever be right again?
I'll call you as soon as they finish with her.
To what could happen if they begin targeting more sensitive installations:
Not for long once they get a taste of you.
They get a taste of what terra Nova has to offer,
Once they get a taste of my
Once they're set, the bulk of the squad cars can approach from the South,
Yet they emerged winners.
As long as they pump in quarters, who gives a shit?
Once they've already bought this place up 
As soon as they take me away,
Once they're healthy enough to walk,
If they finish this machine,
Once they start handing out grades
And when they broadcast,
This is the only section of the wall they can attack once they begin to bombard the walls.
Once they had purged the camps.
We want to be in position to follow that container once they move out.
They start whispering, I become famous.
It's not gonna take long
And once they start down that path they have an 80% conviction rate.
Once they opened fire they were all out for blood.
Soon as they figure out we're not where we're supposed to be,
Once they have possession of both flags,
Once they get their meds,
Once they get hold of me,
Once they get what they want,
Once they get what they want, they'll have no reason to keep you or your girlfriend or my nephew alive.
Once they get hold of me they're gonna kill all of you,
That once they get this freedom, they get confused.
If they get ahold of that weapon,
Once they have the gohd, they'll kill you both to cover up the theft!
Once that happens, every street from Mauka to Makai
You know, if they're sick or something like that.
Once the Littletons find out where everything is,
That if they thought they could get away with it,
Once they've dealt with us.
Then killed them when they tried to leave?
When they realize they are free from tyranny,
What happens once they figure out he's sterile?
Once they realize how strong you are
As soon as they realize what's happening,
As soon as they realise how we weak we are,
The second they realize they've kidnapped a federal agent, all bets are off.
And when they're done, he'll do whatever they command: lie, murder.
As soon as they do that, we will leave.
You tell the boys the coach wants everyone in the kitchen
Once they succeed in fleeing.
Any time that they or I.
Once they're armed with Alamutian blades.
Soon as they open it.
Cos once they ring there's no turning back.
And if they break that curse.
We'll get back to see you as soon as they let us.
Once they have you in their sights
When they peel the vin number off of what's left of that Lincoln
And when they find that rifle I won't need to hear what you have to say anymore.
And when they find me, they find you.
If they found what they were looking for, we could be heading home any day.
Once they find the warrior,
When they find him they are gonna torture him and they are gonna kill him.
Once they find him hopefully he'll tell us
They will find you and Alex,
Once they find him hopefully he'll tell us the names of all the people on his payroll
Once they get the gold, we die.
Once they find out about the kid, I'm out of a job. How many of these?
Once they admit to being consorts of the devil,
Once they pump 200 million volts of electricity through your body,
But I think when they start shipping your girlfriends off,
But as soon as you get a statement from them,
Then once they get us in here, we either shut up and we learn to behave,
Will you vanish again once they've taken me away?
Once they had the guns, he became a loose end.
Once they've filled the barrel
Once they sold him their property.
If the machine gets to the station.
Once they get something in their clutches, you might as well give up all hope.
And once they reassemble that book they'll know six Americans got out.
Once they have you in their grasp.
Once they got him, to escort him back to the mainland.
Because they get anything on you.
Once they have him in custody we'll take him out.
Once they vote it's over.
And once they test that blood they're gonna discover that I'm not normal,
Once they turn the corner,
As long as they have that tracking system,
As long as they have that tracking system you'll never be safe.
As long as they have this kind of firepower, they're never going to stop.
If they take that city,
And once they do get it, the deal is not gonna be so sweet.
Once they get the property then she will be just a burden.
Once they've got the goods, she is dead.
As soon as they take possession,
The second they get the money your wife is dead.
Once they've squeezed out enough
Once they break the evidence seal,
Once they grant us freedom,
Once they reach manhood they can't resist using it for wicked ends.
Once they've dismantled the economies of the United States,
OnIy if they charge him.
As soon as they realize what happened they'll come looking for us, right?
And once they take us in, we lay low.
Once they reroute, port it directly to facial recognition.
Whenever they're not watching.
Once they split you and Darcy are done.
Once they are yours, 
On an operational stand - down, we're authorized to make our own decisions.
Once they're exposed to the harsh environment of space,
If we can get one of them off, then we're back.
But when they make their move, we'll be all over them.
If the enemy has time to recover,
When they get the opportunity to do the right thing.
Once they can handle the world, well, they get to go home.
If they have a weapon like this,
Once they had those, apple gave my password reset.
Once they are here, we can't send them back because they knowwe exist.
Once they are here, we can't send them back
If they pull their money we can charge them all as one crew on conspiracy.
So when they scrub it 
Once they trace that back to you,
And once they audit, it's Rio de caca for the both of them,
And once they test that blood,
As soon as they begin missing payments.
Once they're dead.
When they were dead or useless, he had them buried beneath it.
They have to be stopped when they're not answering the question.
Take away their ability to eat, they lose interest in doing so.
If they were to spill.
Once they sendguys to kill you,
Once they send some officers over to have a talk with her,
Once they're satisfied, the pages are reprinted and it all happens again.
If they like me l could get out of Kansas and become somebody.
And God forbid in the event of their death,
Because when they show up.
And then once at the top, they were to signal the remaining 500 Rangers
Once they've logged on you can scan their hard drives?
Once their markers expire they could be stuck there forever?
And once that affair was uncovered,
When they discover a threat
And they have to be called out when their answers contradict the facts.
And once their anger fades they are going to regret letting it go.
Yet they emerged winners and the world was amazed.
Once their agendas are revealed.
When they start when their discourse becomes
Once the snow suits are fluffy again the youngster are ready to play some rather familiar winter games.
As soon as they get what they want.
Once they got a good look at the houses, they would intentionally overbid the job.
I'm going down once they see those security tapes of me breaking in here.
Once they saw that money,
And when they see her glitching
Once they see each other in their old uniforms,
Once they see it, they never look at you the same way again.
Once they're really lost.
As soon as they realise how we weak we are our enemies will strike against us.
Once they know they'll enslave you, it's what they do.
If they know where the girls are.
Once they get to know, it's gonna be one big headache.
You life will be over
As soon as they knew about vampires, they'd know about werewolves,
Once they know we've completed it.
Once they learn you possess a weapon such as this,
And as long as they know who I am.
When they find out my name, they page me with questions
If they think I'm married.
Once they heard that daddy's pinned the land deal on me,
Once they find out that Ted was lying.
Because the minute they know it's gonna be very very real
As soon as they confirm they're bona fides,
They get in trouble, daddy buys them out.
As soon as they've got the vote they'll take you out.
Once they get out ofthe harbor.
And upon their depature, they were invited back to the house.
And when they do why live in the NATO housingwhen you can live in a villa on the coast?
Once they make it off that ship, we'll need reinforcements to finish off the enemy.
They move that toilet.
They'll make up time once they get through that and reach the pleural cavity.
Once they do the floodgates are gonna open.
And once they're married, have a house have kids
And once we're offered, say,
And once they give youthe location on the money drop,
They put those pants on you, it isn't good.
Once they've hanged you no one will even know you were born.
Once they were able to see their own experience.
If they do break away 
And when they wake up 
And once we get the men out.
Once they hook up the tylium hoses,
Have them report to the observation deck at once.
If they're exposed, they'll be executed.
Once they're armed with Andalucian blades.
Once they become a giant,
Moment they see a soft spot,
And as soon as they see you,
Once he sees me he'll know he can trust you.
We go nowhere once they see me.
He would have taken over once they got together.
Once they believethey can neutralize the enraging affectsof the pee.
And they feel trapped, they're gonna run.
Once they fire me and they will,
Once they set off that alarm,
The second they think you insulted their manhood, they'll go right for your throat.
Once they think they own you.
Once they decide they like a place, they stop looking for anywhere else to go.
If they think we're on to them, that's their last recourse.
And once they'll realize our intent, it's bound to be resistance.
Once they realize our intent there's bound to be resistance.
That when their memory comes back,
You had no trouble of course, with the police.
As soon as they try and access it they're snagged.
And once they give it the okay, we break ground at the end of the month.
If they board us, it'll come to hand.
Once they grant us freedom, the remaining countries will follow.
Once they had secured the trust of their nation.
Once they're gone, I try to forget about them.
When they end up here in this office, they will say anything.
We'll pick them up, as soon as they come in. That's should work.
And once they start down that path,
Once they set sail, he did whatever he liked. He beat the children to within an inch of their lives.
And once they flip, we're looking at two dozen bonus convictions.
We would've lost them the minute they got out of their van.
Once they're moved, in all likelihood, we're not gonna get another shot at them.
This is the only section of the wall that they can attack.
This is the only section of the wall they can attack.
Soon as they came over, each ethnic group was metwith violence and hostility.
Once they did that, they were able to get a temporary password from Amazon.
Once they had done that, and if you have an original idea.
Call me as soon as they enter the hospital.
Now, once they've entered,
As soon as we have them within range, we will bring you those pictures live.
As soon as we have them within range,
Once they were inside.
Once they trace that back to you, they'll know you helped us escape.
If they leave the separatist alliance, it will go a long way to shortening this war.
Whenever they have faltered, tyranny has gathered strength.
Once they're all comfortable, once they are all rounded up.
Once they clear those trees, they'll be riding in line along that river.
Once they have him in custody,
Once they've all sampled you, they'll toss you aside like a used rag.
Once they're secure, lead them to the extractlon point.
And once they know... What then?
Once they're up, get them to the imaging suite.
Their wars can be averted,
Once they locate their prey
Once they reach manhood
While they had me pinned down, they airlifted the freight
If they panic, we move to the sound of the guns.
Once they are gathered and in good order
As soon as they jumped in.
One of them comes near me and l'll hit him with a five - pound pickax.
Dropped at the first sign of trouble.
Once it takes hold of the group no.
And only him using his own toxin.
Once he gets and holds that floor by the rules.
You won't last two seconds if he invades your mind.
Once you gain his trust,
And once he did,
He does one negative thing,
Everything he does, he does 100%.
Lf he stopped, something must have happened.
Once he quit breathing you can't help him no more.
Wyatt s gonna stop providing the blood we need to keep this company alive？
OnOnce he's in psoson, oncthe family's deposed and your name is cleared, then the world is ready to hear the truth.
Once he makes up his mind, he goes ahead and does it
Acoustic locat's gonna nail his position as soon as he shoots again.
We had no choice.
Once he desired something, he fulfilled it.
He gets an idea in his head you can't stop him.
One day he decides to separate.
And when he wants to stock up,
Once he makes the decision the computer should take over.
If something happens to him it'll be her fault.
Anything happens to him, it becomes public property.
Uuntil he double - crosses you.
As soon as he went outside to find another way in he just let in more oxygen.
Minute he hits the stand， the Turks are done.
If he has a severe reaction,
And if he gets a personal word in edgewise,
I will personally escort him in to promises
When he's done, he will see that it is us, and we'll be arrested for treason, which is punishable by death.
Once he gets to the club,
As soon as he hits the ground, I just want one of you to start firing.
As soon as he hits the ground, I want one of you to start firing.
Once he's there, he will be unreachable.
His task done, then he would go free.
As he breaks, so shall it break.
Once he gets it, he doesn't go out for weeks.
He'll get out the minute his original sentence is up.
Once he goes
And so much as twitches his pinkie finger wrong,
Once it goes off, everything within its radius that has electrical components gets fried.
Once he finds a joke he likes, he sticks with it.
And once he's found it,
Once he discovered that Frank and I
He finds out， I'll know who couldn't keep her mouth closed.
As soon as he finds it, he'll kill me!
He finds that out, he's going to want to kill her husband.
When he does, he'll go after my family.
Once he sees what he has.
Once he finds out his golden boy got kicked out of Harvard,
Once he realizes his hacker is missing,
Once he finds out how you fucked him over.
Once he finds out what kind of person you really are.
Look, once he finds out you are still alive, he is gonna come after you.
What do you think he's gonna do when he finds out we've been conspiring?
And once he finds out that we all saw it,
And once he found out that I was a buyer.
If he finds out that I'm prime suspect,
About the consequences of following him.
And when he finds that they don't, he'll be compelled to destroy them and anyone engaging in them.
He knows perfect happiness, he goes evil. don't tell me not to worry.
If they find he was in, he'll kill us all.
Once he realizes what you're doing, he'll have you killed.
Then, once he's triumphed in justice,
And once he becomes immortal,
If he could have gotten rid of anybody,
Once he feasts on five souls,
The minute he approaches you, give the code word and we'll pile in.
Then becomes about pulling that backing
Once he hears of a game where the stakes are high,
Once he has set the program, it will be impossible to detect.
As soon as he breathed in all that cigar smoke,
So, once he tells you where he lives,
Once he signs the deal with my company, I'll be huge!
First time he takes a drink,
Once he gets drunk, he starts talking.
Once he's around his familiar surroundings,
Once he's stateside, we have fewer options.
Once he responds, I get past his firewall.
And when he does, he's gonna come after you.
But once he gets back, he'll have to move on.
He comes back, you pick up the phone. You hear me?
Once he's in the house, it's over.
And once he's there， he might as well help her 
Once he sat down, 
Once he sat down, it arms detonated when he released the pressure by getting up
And once he works through his issues so that he doesn't
Once he makes that noise the picture's working.
If he's pissed off, he'll make a mistake.
You might be the only one
But as soon as he's well, you must get him out of Camelot.
But as soon as his condition improves,
Soon as his wife's heart's in our hands,
And when he's done, he goes back out hunting in parks.
And when he's done.
As soon as he finished his bit with the alarms,
As soon as he finished his bit
Once he warms up to you. I don't know how high this one can count.
The second he crosses the line into obstruction,
Once you gave him a taste on the house, 
But then when he takes you home
Once he's led us there, we'll move in.
He'll lead us to Grutas then we'll arrest him.
They'll expunge his record as soon as he turns 21.
As soon as he does,
Once he starts committing crimes, he doesn't stop.
The moment that he starts
And once he's in it, he's just this very well - rounded, deep character
And once he did that,
Acoustic locator's gonna nail his position
Once he places his cards on the table, I am sure that I can.
Once he passed his front bumper, it's no longer his space.
Once he doesn't get it, he might try harder.
Once he's got what he wants,
As soon as he gets what he wants,
As soon as he has known fame, he forgot about you.
If he gets my power he's gonna jump back into his body.
As soon as he has confirmation on the wire transfer.
And once he has the vase and its contents.
Said he'd fax me the police report as soon as he got it.
Once he gets that power,
As soon as he gets what he wants she is going to be in big trouble, man.
When that happens, I'll seize the window of opportunity.
He changed his M.O. As his need to control the situation changed.
Once he knows the whole story.
Will be wasted if he gets wind of any of this.
The second he knows you're alive,
But once he does, it's one - stop shopping for this guy.
Once he's given himself willingly to the office of leadership,
When he gets back to normal.
Once he gets back on his reguIar medication.
Once he gets back on his regular medication.
In case he regains consciousness.
They'll be there to question him
They'll be there to question him should he regain consciousness.
For the moment he regains consciousness.
Once he works that out,
And when he makes his move,
Once he gets a rise out of someone.
Once this guy knows he lost his cover, he'll be thinking his life is over.
And once he realized that, everything got much worse.
And the sooner he gets that, the sooner you get it，
If he got close to it, that's why he will look for it again.
There can be no competition once he's world ruler.
You know, he gets attached to you
Once he's in the spotlight if he's stuck there.
Once he's Premier, it'll be too late. Why? If the story's air - tight.
Once he does.
Do you really think that once he's got it he's going to care where it came from? How can you say that?
And when he does， we're one step closer to defeating the invaders.
Once he quit chewing,
Once he opens the safe with the diamonds and the paper trail,
And once he gets tired of beating me,
But if he's calling you,
He signs off, it goes to print,
Once he found the buyer
Once he does, he'll remove the blocked section,
Once he has those things, he's gonna lead us
Once he gets there it'll all come back.
He finds an opportunity he puts it in the net.
As soon as he tinds the money， you're as dead as me.
Once he confirms he was your source, you're off the hook.
When he gets you on the table.
Once he's deposited me and his missus in the lake.
He goes completely dark once he's cashed the check.
Once he catches his man that's when the horsewhip comes out.
And when he gets here he's not going to wanna hear.
When he pulls, I want you to hit him a bit and I want you to shoot on him.
Once he had my notebook, he didn't need me any more.
Once he perfected his mirrors, he put them to use inside his telescopes.
Once he gets the money, he's gonna kill you.
Once he gets the virus he's gonna kill us both.
When he catches the ball, you foul him.
As soon as someone pops out at him,
Because if he outs you which he can, Game over.
As soon as he crossed my path, boom.
I mean, what if he couldn't hold out?
Once he'd learn the subtleties of dosage, he had no problem.
Once he's on the vent, can you take him off again?
And as soon as he accepts this, he live life happy.
And, once he accepts, we're gonna nail him for racketeering.
As soon as he answers, he's gone, OK? Okey - dokey.
And once he learns their routine, all he has to do
As soon as he gets it he'll be on his way.
As soon as he's online, we'll know.
I shall have him shot the moment he's finished clearing away your breakfast.
Once he captures the castle,Theon has my brothers.
Once he captures the castle Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle
Once he put the gun down, the clutters would run for the hills.
Once he does, you take your shot. - sounds good,
Once he lets go, I think that's when he's really going to shine.
When he loves me like a father,
Once he realizes that love is transient,
When he goes unconscious which he will,
And once he's exposed like that we can't protect him.
And once he's in a funner mood，
As soon as he has a confessor child
And once he puts his mind to something there is no getting him off of it.
In the event that anything happened to him, guess where the assets go.
If anything happened to him.
That if anything ever happened to him,
As soon as you have anything, please contact CTU.
As soon as he has a story to tell,
Once he got the scent.
Once he kills whoever he's after, they'll send you back to prison.
And ones where he left the bodies where he killed them.
Once copied lemur behavior,
And once he is dead?
How long will any of the Borgias
If he dies, the son inherits it.
Once he's dead, his interview will have no importance.
Well, as soon as he's dead， I'm going to sell the house, the land, the whole goddamn place.
Well, once he's dead and his weapon destroyed, you'll have your freedom.
He dies, the prices go through the roof. You make a fortune.
If he's dead, this irradiated metabolic process will stop.
With him out of the picture, I'm responsible for the whole nut.
Cannot survive without him and once he's dead, these attacks will stop.
But if he's tweaked he's going down even faster.
And when he doesn't kill you, these guys try to run you over.
Just in case he doesn't have a phone, I want him to know where to find me.
As soon as he regains consciousness,
As soon as he's conscious, we need to talk to him.
He gets across the Atlantic,
The moment he gave you a history of the word "mellifluous",
Otherwise he's burning up, he can get brain damage.
Involving him at this point - a calculated risk, I know.
And when he does, that's your moment.
When he does, I'm gonna nail his ass.
Once he gets angry... What did he do to you?
Once he burns through an identity,
Once he notices that I'm front of him, he'll have to turn around.
Once his debts were covered,
Once his circulation opens up
And then once his name got out there, these thugs kept coming back to him,
Once his name is on the dotted line.
We'll join you as soon as we know his grandfather's fate.
As the empire dissolves, even the cushion on the bone - white chaise
Once his heart is yours,
Once his whereabouts were known,
Once his attack mode was triggered, the aging process sped up.
Once its effects are reversed, it can't re-infect the host. They become immune.
Once his new deal closes, he's gonna be richer than God.
Once he's been disarmed the weapon's in my possession,
Once they arrest the father, he'll be placed in foster care.
One splash of this on his skin
If his self-worth is attacked or damaged, he will lash out.
Whenever one of this drugs is about to lose its patent,
Once his O2 SEDS hit 90, I can't wait any longer.
If whatever he's planning doesn't play out the way he wants.
Once his interview is telecast, it'll create a sensation!
Once he gets his claws in you, that's it.
The moment he does.
And what he sees, he doesn't like.
Once he sees that you brought me here,
If he'd have started, he wouldn't have known when to stop.
If he did come back.
Once he's truly found his place in the world.
Once he was really sick... What was his name?
Once he goes to sleep, we're gonna take him in there
And once he learns this,
He going to be a lot harder boss than me, once he gets a hang of the job.
Soon as he knows you're okay with me being there, he won't want me back.
Well, I hate to think what can happen
Once he knows we can get the money, he'll give us more instructions.
Once this pregnancy's taken care of,
Once he knows I have proof, he'll fold like a cheap accordion.
Once he knew for sure I did,
Once it sinks in that she sold him out,
Once he knows there's no reason to be insec
If he knows there's money involved he's going to want it.
Once he's gone,
Once he leaves, boom,
Once he's gone, I want funding to keep the organization afloat.
And once he leaves his office, I'm going in there.
When he does, he keeps his head down,
Which will revolutionise the universe
That once you leave the spirit world.
Once he's out of the house,
Once he leaves the hotel, we'll be able to track every move that he makes.
And when he touches down, we're talking four horsemen, red oceans, fiery skies 
Once he's stable, we'll look into his home environment.
The fact that he'd cross state lines will let us put
Once he signs, it'll be over. We won't have these horrible conversations.
Because when his diet crashes and burns
No sooner ishedonechastising the other Committee members for wanting.
As soon as he shows you the declaration,we'll move in.
No sooner does he get my sentence overturned
When he goes, someone's gonna buy this place.
Once he's made contact.
You let me know the second he's ready for questioning. All right.
When he is, we give him a canteen,
And once he becomes confident, that's when you've got something.
As soon as he's finished licking himself.
O nce he wakes U P, the lat ent hypnosis will lose its effect.
And as he gains strength, I am.
If he ever gets polish citizenship, there'll be no stopping him.
If he wins this next election, it'll be even worse.
But he's a babe in the woods when it comes to this right here.
Once he hits the ground I want you to start fire.
Once he got going， he talked to half the company.
Once he indicates he intends to sell the whiskey, we can move.
When and if he's found, it'll be because he wants to be.
Else, when he's found.
Kid gets caught every penny goes back.
If news of his arrest gets out, it'll ruin all we've achieved.
Once we rule him out, we can get these people off your lawn.
Once he is dealt with,
Once he's released, he'd tell everyone it was you,
For he would arise a walking disease, a plague upon mankind.
Once he is bitten by the beast there is no cure.
And when he couldn't get away with it, he blamed his lawyer.
Because if this guy get Sout of the country on anything with wings, you know what?
As soon as he asks for his lawyer, all.
Once he asks for his lawyer.
If this guy even thinks lawyer, we're screwed.
As soon as he felt getting close to her, he ran for the hills.
Once he touches that mat start working on the puzzle.
But when he does, he would sound meek, almost feminine.
If he lies, we got them.
And if he said one wrong word or tried to run - bam.
When he walks out that door, we lose him.
He'll be givenhe details once he arrives.
He gets paranoid enough,
We'll never get to my father if he suspects.
If he should escape and retrieve it,
Is damn sure gonna be selfish once you and him are rocking matching outfits.
Cannot survive without him
As soon as he loses his hearing,
Well, you know, once you get past his screaming, he's, um,
Once words get out he is alive, every firebinder will be out looking for him. And I don't want anyone get into the way.
And when he does, we're gonna be here to greet him.
And once he came into your life,
Once he was in the kitchen,
Once you enter his consciousness,
But once he got into the trunk, I started thinking
Once he's through that gate and onto that base, you're not going to be able to touch him.
If he becomes a Communist after entering this country.
Once he's through that gate and onto that base,
And when he does, he'll hit the tripwire.
If he violates that, he'll be ruined.
We'll all be better off once he's tossed out of the sport.
Once he establishes his dominance by subverting that fantasy,
As soon as he nabs that rustler.
That should he ever encounter impending danger,
Once he regains consciousness, I'm putting him in a line - up.
Who do you think will be the first person he sells out when the money runs dry?
Once he passes on that option.
If he stops the test tomorrow,
Once he hired the great Ron trott, all deals are off.
And if he surfaces we need to be close.
Once he tricked you into signing that complaint.
If the devil attacks again, we'll all be dead.
Once you pay for it, l don't care if you dry hump it.
Hotels try to get rid of one as soon as one has paid one's bill.
Once the representative has stamped and initialed the document.
You get your enemy flinching,
As soon as the ceremony is over... I want you to get rid of them,
Once the price is set hunter compete tofill the order.
If anybody gets too close to the exhibits sound the alert.
But do let us know if you notice any overlap in your suspect pools.
Threshold will be notified imdiatel
Once any ship raises the American flag, by law it is neither French nor British.
Once it is formed, we can all relax, okay?
Once the mission is complete, we can bring vlachko back for questioning.
Once your mission objective has become impossible, you primary responsibility's
The moment the engagement is over,
Once the Icarus is ready to go, I'll need you in top form.
What if Iran possessed it?
Once the truce is over. The minute you walk away.
You never forget to ride a bicycle.
Once the accountant had enough , he'd file a fake return then collect the refund check.
Great principles don't get lost once they come to light.
If this ever gets out,
And when it does... This whole this thing comes to a end quickly.
Once word gets out that the NYPD subpoenaed his clothing in connection with
As soon as the sensors pick up any kind of a heat source 90 degrees or more,
Once we have transport capability and communication back up
Hurting her ,would hurt their cause.
When Bertram finds out about this,
You want that stuff in Bourne's hands out on the market to the highest bidder?
Because once Dante's gone,
As soon as you get settled in, unpacked, this place is gonna look a lot better.
Once the internal battery takes over, you got one fuck in a hour.
Once the B leaves, the taste goes with it.
With the stadium and the theater back on line.
As soon as Florence Arizona found her little Nathan gone,
Designed to confine and conceal his prey once his hunting is done.
When mixed with H2O,
And after your husband is acquitted, I fully expect him to testify against you.
Once you're on the train, we go blind.
And you should know if you're on their list.
Once you set foot on that boat, you're in the navy, friend.
Once you go to college you won't see me
Once you get up there and say it's all him,
Once you make such a declaration there's no going back.
Looks like once you get down the stairwell.
Once you carve, you can't fix it
Once you make up your mind.
I think you can do anything you set your mind to.
Once you make up your mind to kill a man, there is nothing left to talk about.
Once you're done wiping away all your indiscretions,
Because if you lose your cool.
We'll be much happier people once you're gone.
Declining the wrong request
And any way you cross the line.
In the event of your death.
When you did, there were consequences, but I was able to elicit the ability once.
And in case you have n't noticed, it's spreading.
As soon as you don't look, he slits your throat.
When you can't sell it and share the risk, then it becomes a lead weight on your balance sheet over time.
You cross me once and your life ends. Understand?
Uh, if you start breaking routines,
Once you cut the ropes,
And then once they got you... Bam!
And when you find that you can't be either,
It's not so bad once you get used to it.
Once you get used to them.
Once you get used to swimming in a fish's toilet bowl, it's awesome.
It's not so bad once you get used to it.
Once you get used to birds flying into your head
Yeah. Once you buy one you see them everywhere.
You know a player's moves, the game's won by a long chalk.
Once you get to know him, he's really sweet.
Once you get to know him, you 'll find that's not the case.
He's really nice once you get to know him.
After you've got your basic idea and the fundamental principle 
Her hostility and
They're pretty harmless once you get to know them.
Once you get to know him -
Well, the master's really not so bad
Well, the master's really not so bad once you get to know him.
Once you understand the true nature of heroism,
Once you get to know her, she's kinda cool.
Once you get to know us, you'll see we're not really like that.
When you know, when you realise it, and you are the only one, 
Once you go black, you're going to need a wheelchair.
The minute you turn in that paperwork,
After your power fee, nothing left
It's just you only fail if you hesitate.
Once you've come to the other side, you know you've included everyone in the conversation.
If once you allow the principle of money
Immunity that is once you've had lots of bouts of malaria,
Once you were out of view of the security camera,
And when you break out of here
As soon as you get out of here,
That will trigger if you remove anything,
But if you get the right programming from the right hacker,
And as soon as you get him to admit that he paid you, that money exchanged hands, we've got him.
Once you pay me changing your mind is a complication that's going to cost you.
The moment you think you're safe, I promise I will hunt down,
I won't be able to reach you once you're below decks.
Whenever either of you get into trouble, you seek each other out.
Once we have extricated ourselves.
While you guys had your emergency,
And once you conclude.
I'll have you escorted back out through the underground entrance when you're ready.
All right, once you exit the elevator, radio signals will be jammed by the building 'ssecurity system and we'll lose contact.
And when you leave, here we will be.
Once you`ve gone down 1 ,000 feet.
Once you reach the caves, stay there.
Once you get right here, you're safe.
They'll be safe till your team gets there.
Frank will explain their intricacies once you arrive.
If you join the shining path,
As soon as you've off - loaded our supplies.
Once you realize what you all have in common,
The government stops matching donations
When you've had the best burger in new York city,
Once you've heard the profile, you'll understand.
Once I remember in the air,
Fail at any point to meet the terms of our partnership
Once you dispose of it
Once you've carried out the instructions
Once you get it in the net, head back out and do it again.
So once you're in place,
And just as soon as you've helped us, we'll send you back home.
And when you start taking that apart,
So once you started changing in front of me, I couldn't stop you.
For once you embark upon your journey.
When you're all the way North,
Once you're done, we'll reconvene at the exchange points
If you become officers, this is where they're gonna put your mistakes.
And if you fall,
When you hit those doors,
We'll be ready as soon as you ID a target.
Once you find this girl and your boy's fit for travel,
Once you find the first Pearl the map will show you the next one,
So as soon as you can find your seat and get situated, we'll get you on your way.
So I guess once you guys get this place back up and running,
Once there, you must send me his vital signs.
Once you have the cure, it won't matter.
Once you get your hands on it,
Once you gain control of the feed,
Soon as you get tapped in, let me have it.
Once you figure that out,
Andre's people will kill me
Once you've collected all eight boards,
Once you've collected all four balls,
Once you've retrieved all four bundles,
It will be lifted once you've learned it.
I was hoping we could work together.
And once you get one started
First one of you does an ineluctable thing.
Once you have children, you're tied down forever your life is over.
When you know, 
Once your barrel is full, the puzzles will drop.
Once your tears have collected into the genesis device,
Soon as you're sure that motel is cleared,
Once you're with her, you got to show her you care.
When you're close enough, the cable's gonna disconnect.
And while you two that have got that personality that you have shown tonight,
Where you two are going to have your own poker site
The minute you win they know the ad's arty,
Once you collect the reward, I'll walk out your front gate.
Once you saw the truth,
Once you guys are assigned to get all of the reservation, that's it
Once you are expelled from here the doors of all other.
And once you've seen proof, you all have to agree.
Once you confirm that she is hypoxic, I want a plethysmography,
You step out that door, we can't contain it.
You go extralegal, 
Once you have crossed the border,
That once you cross this threshold you waive your right to sobriety,
You start to lose, things change.
Once you have served their purpose enough.
Once you get into the ship, find the center core.
And then once you've chosen,
Once you pass the test, none of that's gonna matter.
If you allow it to run roughshod,
Once you can do it, you don't forget.
Once you're hospitaIized, you can't eat these.
Once you're hospitalized, you can't eat these.
Once you realize all the random events in your life are God,
Once you testify, there is no going back.
Once you make them, you have to live with them.
Once you testify, that's not hanging over you.
As soon as you get somebody strong enough.
Once you have optimized your relationship to your environment
Once you two are married,
After you fixed my face, that we were even.
If you go down, you'll only bring me down with you.
Everything to gain if you fall.
This thing warns you
This thing warns you if you deviate from your lane.
Once you do it, you're always an adulterer.
The minute you make a decision - you decide on anything -
Once you make a decision, live with it move on.
Once you've been a wolf, it's hard to be staked down like a goat.
When you do a good job, you've got to Iet them know.
Whenever you do something that bothers me, I'm just going to tell you right away.
When you have finished this.
As soon as you do, I'm burning all of it.
You once gave your assurance.
Once judgment has been made, 
When you make up your mind, you lose your head.
Once you make this choice,
And once you make that commitment
Once you make it, it'll last forever.
The moment you do.
And once you do, you're lost in the system.
Once you do, it's pretty darn gratifying. Yeah.
Oh, as soon as you're done with the program.
Once you've been a nurse, you can't keep your nose out.
And if you stop adding thrust, that air resistance.
Once you stop testing yourself,
Once you stop testing yourself, you get slow.
Once you stop this car, I'm gonna hug you and kiss you.
Once you steal the access card, get across town to the facility,
I promise to get it back to you right after we confirm the ID
I promise to get it back to you right after we confirm the ID of your son's remains.
Once your son left this house, the safest place for him to be is at that school.
Because once permission is given, you cannot go back.
Once you get over the bendy squashy ropes,
Once you cash that you belong to her.
One day you're in, and the next day
But after you go public, it's all gone.
Disappear once in a mall when you're six
You unplug it,
And as long as you want to keep hurting people,
Once you've made more calls.
Once you have frozen mankind, these babies will overrun the globe.
Once you've dealt with the glass, you have to deal with the people behind it.
If you decide.
And once you've made the jump and you're with him.
Once you've settled into which site you want to hack into,
But when you decide, there's no holding back.
Once you decide to fight back, everything is different.
That if you decide to launch.
When you decide to make her your family,
Once you decide on your occupation,
Once you've committed to staying in a shelter through the night,
Once you've calmed down, and she's ready to talk, I'll arrange a meeting.
While you get set, take a look at this tape.
You set me up. And when you were ready,
Once you get out of this hospital
Once you're out, you wanna get back.
Once you're outside there, split up and go as hard as you can.
Once you reach a certain level of fame,
Once you go abroad, you'll be gone a long time.
Well, as soon as you get a hit record,
Courtesy itself must convert to disdain if you come in her presence.
You start showing up at the tracks or any of the hot spots,
If you hit your target then you inherit
When you analyze the idiolect used in this letter.
Once you're assigned to a foster home, you're gone.
Once you make that first cut,
Once he has you, you'll be on your own.
But once you are out
Why should I trust you?
Once I have you in my custody,
In your life, and once you reach a certain age,
As soon as you reach the destination
So once you 're on the other side,
And once you hit puberty,
Once you're semi - conscious,
Once you get in position,
And once you are there, what will you ask?
Once you hit the intersection,
Once you get to this point, my job is done.
Once you build the intensity of the sensation
And once you've persuad them to join you.
Which you can write as much as you want once this makes you rich and famous.
And once you're in, you will do anything.
Once you're in, there'll be no getting out
Once your man has joined the group，society has lost him.
And you work hard, good things will happen.
When you get your promotion,
What could happen to BlueBell if you sell your land.
Once you have become a part of it.
For once in your tired sappy life. You need to let it flow.
Once you've paid a visit to one of our many fine gentlemen's clubs.
Once you're there, your husband will, as you say, portray you as a drug addict.
Once you're there, you'll have fun.
Once you're in.
Well, once you're inside... It's tough to get out. 
I'm gonna go with it
Now with all this going on, it's gonna be worse than ever.
Once you take the oath of your forefathers
Once you get your motor started, you just gotta ease it into first
And once you publish something, the ability to find it and, you know, stop it from spreading is.
If you discover something that changes the world, you live forever.
Once you found out
Once you discover one simple fact,
If all three copies turn out bogus or incomplete, your work's done.
And if you see them or find evidence on them.
Once you discover the Prometheus technology, I want you to bring it to me.
And once you figure out this whole killer thing and find out who we can really trust,
Once you see a pattern, you can't un see it.
Once you figure that out, the mystery - it just unfolds.
And once you find the style that makes you feel like you
Once you figure out you've hit rock bottom, then you're gonna need.
That when you saw that I wasn't the thief you'd let my mother go.
If you see a moment use your spy training.
You failed at getting through once you did find those students.
If anything should ever happen to you,
Once you know a chick is interested, how do you proceed?
Once you get back your body, you thought they would embrace you.
I'm sure you'll do just fine, once you get the contracts.
Once you get one concussion,
If you think therefore you gonna drive so crazy.
The second you become more trouble then you're wor one word 
The second you become more trouble than you're worth， then I will turn you to dust.
Once you've taken a few punches and realize you're not made of glass.
Once you're done with those little sandwiches.
The moment you borrow from him.
You shoot somebody, you should kill them.
Once you've sworn an oath to the Dutchman, there's no leaving it.
As soon as you bark them out.
Would you listen to the man's story,
Once you play ball with kidnappers,
Once you've heard it, you know what you have to do to go on living.
Once you hear what they have to offer,
The minute you hear category 
You'll come to my side as soon as you hear something you like
When you hear the critter scream, take a shovel to its head.
And once you've heard my proposal, so can you, if you choose.
You ever listen to music and you just feel like.
Once you trigger it,
Once you detonate the reactor, there's no turning back.
Once you break the horizontal plane.
Once you feed you can't go back.
And once you get stuck in these places, then you're really stuck.
The moment you reported it stolen, your insurance company will contact Interpol.
Once I've assessed the value of whatever you're gonna tell me.
It'll be easier once you tell him.
If you told him you're married, his behaviour would've changed
The moment you tell anyone about it, your life is absolutely won't hless.
The moment you tell anyone about it, your life is absolutely worthless.
Once you tell people what you do,
When you tell someone you don't care what their real income is, 
You tell her the truth, they'll kill us.
I am just as soon as you tell me who your campaign manager is.
Once you told me we had a fixed emanation point
And once you tell the police or your lawyer, there's no going back.
Once you make out with a woman, you can't ask her her name.
Once you've had carnal relations with a gentleman of African descent.
If you and the acting president gave contradictory orders.
You talk to your wife I'll kill her.
Once you've been with her, you won't talk.
Once you sign with us, you're no longer an independent contractor.
And once you get all of your friends together.
Once you have a child with someone, you are tied to them forever,
When you're doing drugs, you're a slob.
Once you speak to this little guy
Once you've bitten through that crusty surface to the soft dough underneath
Cry or show your fear and they'll know you've got no one backing you.
Once you feed him, he'll never go away, okay?
You fed the cat, and it came back.
Once you drink this,
Once you taste this
Once you have returned to 1985, destroy the time machine.
Once you are on earth, you are on your own.
What happens to you once you're in the system, that's up to the Bureau.
Once you go back that's really it for you
You 'II feeI better once you get back into your oid routine.
Now that you're back.
The moment you trust them
The moment you trust them with what you care about most,
Once you place the pyramid on top of it,
To fear ever hear that high pitch scream
As soon as you put meat，fish and pineapple on a pizza,
Once you sign that complaint,
Once you spaz out in front of the whole school,
Once you spaz out in front of the whole school, friends are kinda hard to come by.
Once you're all set up in the new city, we'll see if we can track him down.
Just as long as you go public
Just as long as you go public by the start of the morning news cycle.
Once you've performed on the stage of the Gershwin theatre
Once you get inside you never want to get out.
And once you're not the fresh new girls on the block anymore,
Once you get there,
Once you've lived here.
Because once you've been there long enough, the only thing you'll care about
And once you sat on her lap and she asked you what you wanted,
Once you sit here and it takes the tension,
And when you add covering fire,
Trust is never easy to get back once you Iose it.
And once you've lost that, it's hard to get back.
The minute you let it take over, I will stop you.
Mm, well, once you've had them taken away you appreciate them more.
That kind of love when you lose it,
Once you fail, you won't have another chance.
How many people will you destroy if you can't?
By the time you clamp off the aorta,
When your grandmother has a dream,
Once you get better, you'll catch right up
As soon as you're feeling better, I'm going to kill you.
As far as your mother's concerned, it's over.
I mean if your mom calls,
You give in here, now,
Once your sister is married to Naples, you will take ship to France.
That becomes impossible when your wife's got incriminating photos of you
Once you learn to fake that, the rest is easy.
When you know it, you never forget it.
Once this Iesson is learned,
You'd be surprised how easy it is once you learn a few of the tricks.
Once you learn how to open the coconut,
Once you teach your mind to alter the positive and negative polarity of the cells in your body.
Once you teach your mind to alter
And once you've delivered, you can go back to your friends,
As soon as you're safe,
No sooner have you got settled
We'll begin your lessons as soon as you've fully recovered.
I can make arrangements foryou to leave.
And if you had carried it out, you'd obviously die.
I give that locker up just as soon as you complete your part of the transaction.
Once you finish the run, they're putting a bullet in your head.
Once you're done, the issue is hiding what you've made.
Once you've made the incision,
As soon as you're through the steel, I'll have the thermite ready.
Once you announce the pregnancy,
You can't announce your intention to not pay your bills
If for a second you're scared,
Once you give yourself to a man.
I mean once you lose that.
The moment you cease to be of use to me, you're dead.
And you'll screw that all up by second - guessing yourself, right?
Whenever you have any question of what you should be doing, just ask yourself this.
Once you've sworn an oath to the Dutchman， There's no leaving it.
If you bring a human being to the brink of death, and then you offer a chance 
When you link telescopes around the world together, we don't have a lens.
That when you actually put people in the environment.
When you take a human and put them in a microgravity environment.
Once you light them off, abcthey're going.
The minute you card a confidential informant,
To what happens when you launch a ball into the air.
If you squeeze the particles downabcso they're not vibrating very much,
The minute you tell your husband, your friends,
Sir, the minute you report this,
Once you taste something new, you forget the value of the oid.
Once you get your feet wet.
Once you've tasted it, you're never the same.
But once you give in and let the water come into your lungs,
Once you're on a team, you got to work for that team.
Once you're at the structure the next step is getting in.
But the second you get used to it,
Once you've altered their
Once you're past 20.
Best watcher in the unit, 
Once you're safely back amongst your own people,
But as soon as you purchase it, I'm free.
Once, once you get past that part that where it just feels like you wanna die,
Once you've started... No.
Once you break the seal,
Once you open the box it loses its value.
Once you turn it on there's no going back!
Once you start messing around with those,
And once you start, you can't stop, and you know it.
Once you get to know him, you'll find that's not the case.
He's really interesting once you get to know him.
And once you get to know her,
Once you get to know her.
It can be a hard habit to break once you get started in on it.
Once you started the job, you did the work.
Once you start thinking about stuff in a new way,
Once you start something like this.
Once you start to write your book, it'll be great.
Once you get started, you really don't want to stop.
That if you start to cry, you never stop
You start nagging us, we pulling over, kicking you out, and picking you up later.
You start nagging us, we pulling over
You sung it once.
If it turns out that you enjoy killing,
You start caring.
Once you start stacking bodies in the streets, there'll be panic,
The moment you start wondering about the people upstairs,
When you practice
Once you start shooting, you'll have to move quickly.
When you start using the secret.
Once you start taking photos he'll ask you to take it... Uh.
But once you start saying:
We'll start again once you've had a chance to relax.
Once you start killing people.
Once you start shooting, you got like six months, maybe.
Once you get through the game, your mind belongs to the toy maker.
Once you believe, good things start happening on their own.
Start trying to work out who deserves what
And when you do, my story has to be stronger than his.
And when you act，when you take that step，you know that whatever your reasons,
Once you start expressing your innermost thoughts and feelings,
You start thinking you're seeing things, and it might never stop.
The moment you start wondering
And once you start to question the traditional images caricatures of God.
Lose their hold on law and order. 
You know, you start that,
Once you drive in, it's just you, your vehicle and automated equipment for six minutes.
You use that bomb, you lose your leverage.
When you're president,
That plays when you're godfather.
Once you have to go and do your job.
Once you become a parent, you look at things differently.
And once you're a parent,
Once you're elected, you'll be 
Once you record, everybody can copy your stuff.
Once you control the journey, the fear will stop.
You're gonna let me go, right, once I give you the item?
Once you have Bitcoins.
Once you've got that,
If you take this job,
You get the client, it's your client, okay?
Like a cellphone or TiVo.
Once you've got me. You can't imagine not having me.
Once you have all the boxes,
Once you've got a picture that's in numbers
When you get a chance.
Once you get with grace,
Once you've got what you came for,
Once you have to use it, need use it skillfully
If you're dying, suddenly everybody loves you
As soon as you resume your sessions, you can reapply.
And if you have that, you need antibiotics.
If you want to stop the conversation, just say the word.
Then once you're up to speed and cook in , we'll reset and bring in the lab equipment.
Any time you wanna start..
If you ever need to talk.
As soon as you grasp for that growth,
Once you make up your mind, knock.
So long as you understand that, we'll get along fine.
The second you become more trouble then you're worth,
Once you realize
Once you realize that it's all behind you all that bitterness and anguish and torment.
Onceyou realize the universe sucks, you got nothing to lose.
There's a threat, you end it.
As soon as you start to feel that the risk is unacceptable, get the hell out.
Once you are in pain, the chances are not good.
Once you get past Mr. Fallon's charm,
Once you've got it,
Once you feel your baby growing inside of you,
So when you get these feelings, you get to a quieter place
As soon as you're feeling better,
Once you feel the contractions and the bleeding starts, it's OK.
Once you understand what I'm doing 
After that you're a grandmother, and you're not supposed to reproduce anymore.
You know as assistant chief,
Once you get the corner office, nobody from that firm's
Once you became my wife, that made you.
Once you're a target, everyone's gonna take a shot.
Once you're a target,
Once you become a slave, it takes 200 years to gain independence
And if you're a bitch, no one will love you.
When you're alone in the field,
Once you're in charge,
Once you got it
Once you got everybody agreeing with what they know in their hearts isn't true,
Once you got everybody agreeing with what they know in their hearts isn't true, you get them by the balls
And with your good news I can depend upon Virginia to lead the way.
I mean once you know it all, what do you do then?
Once you call in social work,
And once you're inside, I know you can get the information that we need.
Once you give a blow to the main
Once you open this door, you can't close it.
As soon as you open the door to the hallway, your room will become contaminated.
Let me know if you hear anything.
Whenever you called he would say
Because if you pull that trigger,
If you had pulled that trigger, he would have won.
Once you take nature out of the process, which cloning does,
Once you go white, you always stay tight.
And as soon as you find a sponsor, I'm going to move on to the，
Once that happens everything will fall back into place,
And once you are there, what will you ask? For Arthur to be saved.
Once you locate your target, you have a hard choice to make 
Once you find it, stay your course.
Once you pick up a bad guy 'smoney trail, 
Once you find this tomb,
And when you find her.
And when you find someone, you gotta seize that opportunity.
Call me the minute you find out.l will.
Once you get all of your friends together.
Once you've found a mother, will you still come and stay over?
Once you get that first hit,
Just as soon as you can replace me, sir.
Once you have the antidote it does not matter anymore.
Once you find the gold, you're going to kill me.
As soon as you find a place to live, I'll ship you the rest of your stuff.
Once you are declared insane,
And once having said yes to the instant,
Once you cut through all seven ropes you'll release the bundle of disks.
But the minute you screw this thing up,
Once you have frozen mankind， these babies wiII overrun the giobe.
As long as you throw your tags in the box,
When you transfer your shares to Ari,
If you remove it from his eyes, he'll then take fight.
Once you get that flack vest off,
Once you're adding them up you're starting to produce
And once you've figuredthat out, it just folds.
Once you let your grief become anger,
I'll tell you who the final five are when you take me back to your fleet.
Once you patch me up, we can get outta here.
Once you've got me in a straightjacket,
The system should engage, once you send me in.
As soon as you get that ring around the finger.
Once you get all of your friends together - and it must be all of them,
Once you disconnect the transponder,
Once you hand over the gun，How can I?
Once you have refocused your attention back to the medical needs of this base
See, when you sell your soul to a demon,
Once you inject the fat into Charlie's temple,
Once you get past the legs, it isn't too bad.
Once you put medicine in your cabinet.
Once you've transformed this and this into 9
Once you hook this up to the security system,
Once you hook this up to the security system, all you have to do is draw on the monitor to create static in any security window,
When talk this guy out,
Of course they won't be poor anymore, once you've given it to them.
Once you pay me, 
When you catch one, no matter what kind it is,
You get emotionally involved, and they end up.
But once you turn away from money
If you go to the police, she will be dead.
Once you brush the chip off her shoulder,
Once you embrace a relationship and decide you're in,
As long as you have a Bishop, you see the ghost?
Once you've had undercover brother,
Once you have that.
See, once you have those two things,
Once you have the materials in your possession,
Once you've had a moment, it stays with you forever. You never lose it.
When you carry this axe, you carry all of us with you.
Raise the stakes once you get an eight pair.
Just get back to me
Soon as you get that audio, and Sonny's safe.
Once you have the alabaster pot of remembrance,
Once you've taken the scroll, it is the keeper's wish that you protect it with your life.
I need five when you get a chance.
The minute I hand you this drill, you're on your own.
You make seventh key. You're unlocked.
If you get your hands on the book,
Once you get your money, tell us who sold us out.
Once you recover the gyroscope, you and Dixon will separate.
Once you get your stuff back,
As long as you keep it from them they will not stop searching for it.
Once you teach your mindto alter the positive and negative Polarityof the cells in your body.
And once you do the most powerful girl on the upper East side has no power at all.
Once you pick a guy, he's yours for the season,
And once you name him,
If you fall, you won't stand a chance.
Once you fall off that path.
Once you get down inside this central portion
Whenever you get a fresh piece of intelligence in the field,
It comes very quickly once you get the hang of it,
Once you master this, the sky's the limit.
Once you perfect this technique, you can control anything.
Once you have your share of Amer, you will have to help me.
But once you get the hang of it, you'll see why a dozen hospitals around the country
Once you know some spins and stuff, we can go to the rink at night.
Once you've ruled out the impossible,
Once you rule out his version of what happened.
So when you get this message, call!
Once you come to terms with the idea that the atmosphere is a fluid,
Once you give in to it, there's all sorts of new Jedi mind tricks you can learn.
Your mission should you choose to accept it,
Once you took over the family and made it legit.
And once you take over the whole company,
And once the surfing bug bit you.
Trace starts when you pick up, boss.
Once you're close, I will guide you past them to the vault.
Once you mention the word "nuclear",
Once you lift a print,
Once you file the state opens up
He gets you to raise your voice or lose your cool, he wins.
Once you entered me there was no turning back.
And when you mess with our business, we mess with yours.
Once you got a couple companies, you place these huge orders.
So, if you're gone from the house, the house can no longer serve as collateral
Once you get rid of all that stuff, you're gonna feel great.
You know? Once you've got the shit beat out of you.
And as soon as you fall,
Once you get the charges dropped, I go back to work.
So as soon as you get this shined to your liking, I get the first ride.
Once you gather enough information, you'll send it back home,
You change your mind, you know where to find me.
When you correct the behavior, eventually you will see a change in the personality.
What were you going to do once you took it? Hold it. Rule it.
Once you put the awning and the wrap - around and change it.
Once you've dropped the item 
Once you've dropped the item ,
Then as soon as you're taken off administrative leave, it's all yours.
And you once gave up on yourself and those around you.
Not once you give it all away. It's no good then.
He says the second you relax.
Once you teach something to learn, you can't put limits on it.
Once you tighten the cap and make the connection.
And if you lose sight of that.
If you don't reach the end before the timer hits zero
Once you have learned
I really don't see the point in us not helping one other.
Once you've digested, avail yourself of one of our lovely local hotels.
Once you figure out some of the principles
Once you understand what it wants you to know, you'll be free of it.
Once you understand that life is finite,
Now that you're awake to this,
Once you understand that, it's easy to make them behave.
Once you knew what had to be done, nothing could stop you.
Once you're the focus of all that attention, it's addictive.
Once you're exposed to the world， you'll lose all value as a weapon.
And when the life's blood of the last of your line
Once you've come to the other side,
Once you get a bad name.
You know if you went alone once in a while you might get somewhere.
And when you have a mentor like that,
Once you've gotabcyour 100 trillion tons of antimatter,
Once you've had two kids and you've been living with the same man for 15 years,
Once you have them, the only evidence you see.
Once you had a boss you want to be a boss.
Once you had Adam's cell, you could preserve
If you are ever in danger, go there.
Once you can get girlfriends, you just want more girlfriends.
Once you had a baby,
Once you have kids, you'll understand.
Once you have a family and a career, your experimenting days are over!
And when you have a survivor,
You know that the moment that you even thought
Once you earn it, you'll have to fight me for it.
Big brother always knows where you are
Whenever youfeei inspired.
Once you get a bit of notoriety, James,
You get more concrete information,
When you sin, my child, you fracture your relationship with God.
The moment you have your child,
Once you get that idea in your head, it's hard to get it out.
When you have something that an addict wants.
Now that shit hits the fan,
Just in case there's anything you want to tell me,
Let me know the second you have something.
If you make any sudden moves, I will end this right now.
But once you've had a murder case dismissed for judicial ineptitude
And the minute you don't feel safe,
When you have anti-matterabccolliding with matter,
But you try anything else, and you will hurt her.
And when you violate it - because sooner or later you will -
When you get into trouble, call me first
When you take it, you can overdose easily without ever feeling high.
Once you've looked into the darkness.
The moment you kill the descendant of Corvinus, this.
If yours is up there,
Once you got him, you got him.
When you decide to be something, you can be it.
Once you face that,
Once you are in hell.
Once you're on the other side.
Mmm. Once you're dead, you'll have the time of your life.
Once you're dead, you won't have to choose.
When you are dead, everything will be mine.
Once you die, the game will ban you for life.
After you get turned out, you lose your status as a man and you can never get that back.
Once you get over the initial modesty, I think you'll be fine.
If you're not around for the bad times,
And if you stop being of use,
And when you've given them what they want you're nothing, just another spent bullet.
And if you didn't respond, your friend though nobody was watching
The moment that ceases to be true,
When it gets out there that you didn't follow your partner in,
The day you're not up to it, I'll take it away as quick as a hiccup,
Once you're a suspect, you're guilty.
Because if you heal one of them.
The first drug is
And once you get the virus, you die.
That once you got exposed to the virus,
Once you have registered,
First you see her then you smell her!
As once you lived, Osiris, so shall you live again.
Once you let the spoon pop you've got about 1.5 seconds,
Once you activated the medallion,
Once you burn one down, other people are going to burn others down.
The second you look in the mirror
Once you know our region, you'll never leave.
Once you reach the top you should be able to get a clear view through this window
As soon as you fall in love with me, it's over.
Once you love someone,
When he dies, she's gonna be
And when you screw up,
One day you make a mistake
But one of those things will trip you up.
When you're alone, that's what you default to.
And once you know what's going on to deeper phenomena
And as soon as you've done that, have another one.
And once you live in the future city
What do you think's gonna happen the first time you try to buy gas
If you headed it, you'd get a very nasty injury. Oh, yes, very nasty.
Well, you might not be so confident
However as soon as you get well， you'll be free and divorced.
And when you do,
When you step in that ring, you have three rounds
Once your world has been destroyed,
You know, in case you guys are good, make a deal?
As soon as your men step off, I'd like to try to insert some of my teams
Once you're published you're out of here. You understand?
As soon as your brothers find him, they must act without hesitation.
And then cut and run when your profits don't materialize.
And the second your doctor signs off on you being recovered,
If your number's up,
If you're number's up, we'll find you.
If your number's up, we'll find you.
Your reputation is destroyed.
Once your duplicate comes,
Once that's the place to be seen,
As soon as you stop bleeding from your head, we're going to a lawyer.
And once your baby is born,
And once your baby is born, you can return to the outside world.
And once your calf has been examined for a bite mark,
Once you've altered their appearance all contact ends.
And once you had the recorder in place,
Place you're gonna end up once your lawyers run out of motions to file is a whole lot worse than this.
Once you let your grief become anger it will never go away.
Once you lay your hands on it.
Once the enemy advances beyond this perimeter.
When your number is up
Whatever floats your boat.
Your friends never see you again once they've grown up.
That's just so I can get off to a running start,
Once your soul's clean,
If it gets to a point where your life is in danger, I am cutting this off.
Once your romance starts to stink, you'll dump his ass down the drain like sour milk
When we prove you guilty, this office will have no mercy for you.
Once you get the sand in between your toes.
The second your body's ready - grow one.
Once dark magic takes a hold of you,
From that sack of conspiracy theories you call a head 
Once you've got your question framed,
Once you have eyes on the target, it's just a matter of handing off surveillance at regular intervals.
You look it in its face,
The moment you believe them.
The sooner you believe everything you see is fantasy,
You watch it, and as soon as it's over your phone rings
Once you've seen a man
Once you haveabcthe beginning of a star
And the minute you see that life preserver move at all,
If you see any Jericho activity, I want it uploaded.
Once you see death up close,
Once your eyes were opened, there was no other outcome.
This algebra and once you see these pictures,
Once you get past the royal bitch of it all.
Come and see India once atleast. You'll like it very much.
Once you've got that thing in your sights.
Once you see a baby horse erupt through that birth canal,
Once you see what is hidden here, you will understand why I had to do this.
When you see that elephant, you know that you have to kill it.
Just if you could see,
Once you've seen it, you rewind it and record again.
When you do let go and you really don't care what anyone thinks about you,
It's not hard to die when you know you have lived, and I did.
And as soon as you get to Hollywood,
And once you truly understand loss,
Once you see the real thing.
Once you know the fundamentals, you can 
But once you hear this,
And as soon as you know it, it's all gonna be over, okay?
Once you found out he was onto you,
Once you know her name you start loving her
Once you know, it's actually very obvious.
Once you know the size of a star's orbit and the time it takes to go round,
When you find out the truth,
Once you learned you couldn't have lobster you became obsessed.
And once you hear that's a life sentence. There's no going back.
Once you know what the values are down here you can always go
Once you know the problem, it's just a matter of turning yourself into the solution.
Once you know what they like, you make contact.
Once you knew he was dead,
Once you knew he was dead, you had to find another way to try and cover your losses.
Once you know that you can do that.
'cause once you know someone's secret,
Once you know who she is, her name will be in the report and I 'II find her.
If you hear something.
Once you get into him, he's rather simple, though Childish, almost.
What if you knew precisely what your customers wanted at any time
Once you make sure she's okay,
Once you have confirmation that Miller has not hidden the zephyr,
Once we know what your goals are,
And once you were sure?
Once you feel it,
Once you leave, you'll never be able to get back here.
When you leave, it's hard to come back.
Once you get out of new path and you know it's all over 
Once you get out of new path and you know it's all over.
Once you leave that courtroom.
And if you walk away from the assembly line,
Once you were out of here, you were going to look like a latter day Brando in weeks and year.
Once you were out oft here, you were going to look like a latter day Brando.
Once you're gone from Italy
So much that we couldn't do for you anymore if you were to leave.
And once you leave town, I wouldn't even worry about it.
Won't even remember you
For you and your famiIy whenever you Ieave the prison.
Once you leave, all that's going to be left.
Once you walk out those doors, we can't protect you.
Once you're out of this building, you're somebody else's problem.
You can worry about that
Once you leave here, you'll also forget about me!
Once you get outside that perimeter, you just get lost.
Lt's a little different once you're out there.
Once you're king of the mountain,
Once a man has taken the black.
Once you get through all the dust and gas and older stars
Once you come through, you can't go back.
Once you are through the garden, you must move quickly to the citadel.
As soon as you get up there and start playing,
Once you take the stand,
And once you say it, there's no way out.
It will all become clear once you sign.
Once you sign them, your parents will be notified
Once you sign them, your parents will be notified.
Once you sign this thing.
Once you have signed up to terror and joined the organisation,
Once you sign these papers,
Once you countersign, we can get started on the repairs.
But then having found one answer,
When you're nervous, you care about what you're doing out there.
When you've practiced every step 
Once you're married,
As soon as you get married, have a baby.
Once you're in marriage the sexual mores were so straight jacketed that
Once you get married,
Once you get hitched, that's it.
Once you're married, it's very hard
Ever since you got married, I can't win.
If you give him a chance, he'll draw you back in.
And once you'd given it to me.
Once you name it,
Once you name it, you start getting attached to it.
As soon as you resumeyour sessions, you can re-apply.
As soon as you resume your sessions, you can re-apply.
It's when you start thinking it's real that things become complicated.
Once you run out of gas
Once you've heard it, then you know
As soon as you're abie to be moved.
As long as you can stay between your cow and the herd,
They're good eating once you get past the tumors.
Once you control the journey, fear will stop.
Once you can picture things, you can perhaps imagine improvements.
You see them.
As soon as you're able to be moved.
Once you get it working,
Once you remember who you are, it'll all become clear.
Once you pick up a bad guy's money trail, though finding them is just a matter of doing your homework.
Once you've stripped down to your shorts.
Once you let go of the wheel, you might end up.
Once you tergiversate, you're lost.
Because when you anoint yourself king, it comes with certain responsibilities.
Once you've answered for your sins,
If you fall into their power, so kill them first.
Once you emerge, there will be no more pain, no doubt.
Unless you're being evil then you're on the devil's team
But at the first sign you're less than objective,
Once one girl gives you the stamp of approval,
And once you've been dinged, I'm afraid you can't be UN - dung.
And then once they got you - bam!
Once you're absorbed into the group mind,
That if you're taken hostage.
You get left behind you get locked up.
Should you get hit, first thing you want to apply is the pressure bandage.
You don't need me to tell you the damage
Once you're green - lit, you're green - lit.
Once you're on it, your life is hell in this country.
Once Lorraine's fool friends get the boot. What are you talking about?
If you are seen anywhere in the city smoking,
Once you're declared insane,
Once you're marked,
Once you're marked, you'll gather all your followers around you,
So once you're hired, you just borrow the tape so we can get a look at the guy who made the bomb threat.
Once you were out to us,
You're involved, so your family's involved,
And what you're charged with 
You get caught, you could throw the cops to us.
If you get arrested, this entire operation goes out the window.
Once word of your arrest gets out, people realize who you really are,
When the government gets you in their crosshairs,
And once you've been killed that is it. What then?
If you're killed or captured, you're on your own.
Once you're marked, you'll single - handedly destroy the movement you created.
When you're burned,
When you're burned you've got nothing 
If you're convicted of these charges,
When you get tagged, your mind only registers two thoughts,
Once you're expelled from here, you cannot get admission elsewhere.
When you're being hunted, you have to be on your guard around the clock.
Once you're transported here, you're here for the rest of your life.
Once you're chosen, please make your way promptly to the stage.
Once you're bound by money.
Once we isolate what's causing your allergy,
Once we isolate what's causing your allergy, 
Once you're outfitted with horse and armor
Because who's going to be there to take care of them
When you're up for reinstatement,
But once you need something fixed, good luck.
When you're following someone else's instructions,
Once you've seen the cabbages that I've grown,
Once you've looked into the darkness.
I think once you see somebody vomit that much for that long.
And just when you think you've got the lay of the land，
You feel my excellent work,
You feeI my exceiient work is no longer in step with this trashy ProvinciaI rag,
Once you think you've got it all solved, what's left?
And as soon as you get everything sorted out, you can pay me back.
You'll sort out whatever it is you have to sort out, we'll get back to being us.
Once you disable the device
As soon as you think you've found the right one,
As soon as you think she's ready bring her down to the bathroom.
Once you think your pole is long enough.
And once you've spotted one Norman arch, you see them everywhere.
Once you realize that
Once you realize that love is more than just sexual attraction 
Once you realize that there are clearly accurate depictions of aspects
Once you make a boy pee his pants,
Once you give that part of you up, you can never get it back.
As soon as you get that light back on, I'm pulling you up, and I'm giving it right back to you.
It'll get easier once you've made it clear
Once you dispose of it none of this ever existed.
Once you start letting your work life
Once you teach your mind to alter the positive
Well, once you give us the go - ahead, we're going to freak her.
Once you let the universe know who is boss, things just work out.
Once you let yourself feel anything,
In case you forget who anyone is, just give me the signal.
Once you've made a promise, you should keep it.
You set the volume levels, determine what the market is.
Once you get a taste of it, you'll remember it all your life
Should you attempt to return, I will have you arrested.
One hit of that, you`ll wake up in prison
As soon as you do,
You say something like that once around here, and it sticks.
Because once you say it you can't unsay it,
And if you tell them who he is,
You say anything, and I will tell everyone
Everything changes when you say it out loud.
It always gets easier once you let it out.
Once you've persuaded them to join you,
And once you've persuaded them to join you.
But you lie to me just once about anything,
Bcause if you say the wrong thing, them panties are coming up mighty fast.
If you read it, you might learn a thing or two
Once you buy the equipment,
And once you've won,
They're gonna remember as soon as you win a game.
Hey, once you get the hang of it,
Once you`ve got her trust, it`s time to make her feel special.
Well, once you win Mr. Teen Winnipeg,
Once you go down that road.
Once you go down this road,
And when you do, I'll be here.
What I know is once your're gone, you never return.
Once you're gone, what do you suppose they're going to live on?
You start down this path, where does it end?
Once you cross that threshold,
Once you've done what you had to, they never let you do what you want to.
Once you enter,
Once you cross the doors at Phi lota gamma you will never again
And once you lose the people, you lose the neighborhood.
There is a line and when you cross it,
Once your abilities return,
Once you cross that line, once you've given in to fear, you'll never go back. I've seen it.
Once you cross that line, you can't hide behind the cloak of friendship anymore.
If you accidentally cross the line
When you cross this line, you never have peace.
And once you do -
Once you're past the clearing,
Once you cross that bridge.
The minute you go over that wall, they're gonna say you're a fugitive.
Once you're over that wall there's no rules, no backup.
Once you're over that wall there's no rules,
Which you will not do once you're 2,000 miles away.
But once you've crossed that line, there's no going back.
As soon as you get you and your children outside.
Once you and your team of idiots run your camp into the ground.
Once you play ball with kidnappers
Once you line up behind a strong leader, everyone picks up their game.
Once you've crossed,
Once you cross that line, there's no going back.
You cross that line,
Once you cross that fence.
The minute you cross 14th street, people forget there's a class system.
Upon successful completion of your fifth and final jump,
If you set foot on human soil, you'll turn to rock.
Once you step on the runway,
Once you're beyond the territories.
It says once you make it down here alive.
Once you step on my property, you're freaking trespassing, brother,
Once you are in hell, only the devil can help you out.
Nobody cares about your hall of fame status when is lights out on cellblock .
Once you're in, there'll be no getting out... Out... Out
Once you're stretched out in that speakerbox,
You get soft,
When you're on top, there's only one place to go.
Once you hit the five stars, it's pretty much impossible.
And once you pass Manchester, you'll see the signs.
And it'll be that much closer once you take the first step.
But if you do.
The second you do, you will stop caring
Then once you've done all that... They leave you for a shrub.
You do this other thing, and you're K - Mart. Well, I'll have to live with that.
The moment you dissenter families fall out of favor.
Once you've done do that, there's no going back. Believe me, I know.
Once you're on that track
Once you were in prison, I was able to move forward.
And once you get into their minds, you've got the power.
Once you enter this door
Once you enter his consciousness, he can pick it up.
Once you step in front of the cameras,
Once you on the other side of that wall are,
Once you've accessed latuza's database,
Once you're inside the time - shift, you can close the door behind you.
Once you get through the game,
Once you're warmed up, there's no stopping you!
Once you're in the white house, everything defers to the office.
Once you're in the white house, this could protect you.
And once you're in there,
So as soon as you get in range, they 'll contact you.
We'll most likely lose contact as soon as you enter the property.
Once you enter the ventilation room,
Once you enter that Canyon, there's no stopping and no turning back.
Once you're inside, you'll hear the alarm beeping.
Once you're in, they
There's nothing I cannot do once you're there
Once you're in, though, there's not much you can do
Once you get in, every last dime can be had
Once you're in, you can never get out.
And once you do, I can't be responsible for what may happen.
Once you get rid of all those toxins,
And, if you break the rules, it endangers others. Tell her that.
As long as you're trying to be someone you're not,
You know, once you're out you're out. The marshal servicewill sever all ties.
You'd be amazed at the things you can get used to.
Once you get used to the smell, it's really quite something. Come on.
Hey, once you get the hang of it, this place isn't so rough.
Once you pick a guy, he is yours for the season,
If you choose to cross the line,
When you've done all three, you can slam the gates of hell.
First team to raise their flagwins reward.
Once you go though customs.
Once you walk through that door there's no turning back.
And should you fall behind,
So if you encounter somebody
And if one should chance upon you.
Once you get your head wrapped around all this,
Because once you let yourself shut down like that, you're not a kid anymore.
Once your pretty little hands swipe that card.
And once you wake -
And once you wake.
If you turned your emotions back on.
Once you regain your throne.
That by the time you drill into it 
Once you're in the subceiling,
If you missed something crucial, then you didn't respond
Now, once you qualify the guy, you send him a press packet.
When you get stuck here, you're stuck for life.
When you're in a coma, you're not in a normal state, you know.
If you spill the beans,
The second you get close to a guy, you want to bail.
Rick, once you understand the true nature of heroism,
As soon as you start to feel that the risk is unacceptable,
But, if used incorrectly,
If the user wears it for too long,
One taste and they're gone.
But once contraception comes in it seems to be much easier to manage the females.
And once the attacker gained access,
I promise you and your family safe passage from Hungary
If the Russians get a hold of him,
I'll have a lot more time on my hands
Once Paul get diamonds
And one parole violation, you're right back here.
When the insurance settles.
And once that trust is broken, it's very very hard to get back.
Once the trust is broken,
Once the signal stops, the wormhole should close.
But once it's fixed.
As soon as that helicopter gets fixed, we're getting out of here.
Once the roads are approved,
When we're upside down, 
On account once laid down, they cannot rise again.
Once the chocolate's all in, you'll pour the berries on top.
When the countdown is complete,
As soon as you see those bonds, we move in on him.
You start getting too heavy with fakes,
Once this deviation happens, you find yourself on a new path, uncharted, unknown.
Once this happens,
Once you make a decision, live with it move on.
Once I start, I go forever!
Once we've made our choice, there's no turning back.
Once this decision is made all the cards are out.
That methylamine, when cooked, is worth nearly $300 million.
The kind that once you commit, you can never go back.
Once that had happened,
Once it bubbles, then what's to do?
And the minute he's done, 
With homework done,
Once it's done, it doesn't matter.
Once it's properly sealed, it's not that hard to move.
If that old lady from murder, she wrote can do this.
But now if I test it,
Once it stops let me know.
You stop you may never get back to where you were. And then at that moment,
Bcause if I stopped moving, they were gonna give out
Once he quit chewing, the absee of those toxins kicked a dormant condition into hyper - drive.
Once I stopped fighting it, the anger just fell off, like a bad scab.
But if he goes off his medication, the paranoid delusions come back.
Once we stop the hormones, your brests will shrink, your facial hair will grow back.
Once it stops glowing, its destruction is achieved,
You stopped taking them, and your blood pressure went up.
In the event of a power outage, luminous paint will guide you to the nearest exit.
And the power goes out it'll be so dark
When healthy volunteers are exposed to thc, they'll start to experience
To travel to the continent as soon as my health permits.
And once the moon is mine,
Once the fat reserves are gone, they will start burning muscle.
When the reserves are gone,
When the virus struck for obvious reasons,
Once the rigor was broken, it didn't return.
Once the Fuehrer has cleaned up.
If Klaus asks you one wrong question,
Once Clark knows you,
Conquer your fear and you'll conquer your opponent.
So, when Chloe walks in wearing one of her streetwalker specials,
Once you join the tribe, there's no turning back.
Once you're in, they make it real hard for you to get out in one piece.
Once inside, we just pick the right float.
Once on the ground, they will be afforded all America has to offer
Once l got in there, it was fun.
A record would have prevented me from going into public office.
Once you enter the dreamworld, the tea will keep you connected.
And when I did sleep.
Once in orbit, instrumentation is powered by four solar panels.
When it's picked up nationally, it'll be huge.
You didn't want the crew located
Once the facts are known, I will present them to you myself.
Once the company
Once the company discovers your memory loss,
Once a company's financial integrity is challenged,
We have no control over when they're posted.
And once it's out, you can't get it back.
If it gets out, he's done.
Once it's out, every major broker will be crawling all over those shares.
Any connection between Wu's murder, Chan, the triads and hooks.
I tell you they cast a wee doubt over the parenthood of young Harry!
Once the roads are approved, they're gonna need to be built, right?
When the Lannisters find this place, you think they'll spare the Smiths?
With the leader of the Republic as our hostage,
Once they're locked... Lunchroom. We go to the cafeteria.
As long as it's closed, 
Once the door is locked,
Any word of an investigation,
Once the dynamic of a relationship is established it rarely changes.
Once it's down, no one gets in. 
Once it's closed, you can only open it from the inside.
Once the army was in place the roof was covered in matting,
For whatever reason if one of them can't make it back to the genii homeworld, their leaders have established safehouses.
And if one of themabcgets close to Pluto,
Once the others witness the death of their false God,
Once the team knows we've got your evidence.
And once people knew what we were going through,
Once the other replicators find the city, they'll destroy it.
Once other abductors and pedophiles know how easy it can be:
As soon as it's absorbed, you get a color - change.
Once the other replicators find this city, they'll destroy it.
Once the substance has been broken down chemically, and gets airborn,
Degree of inbreeding dogs will suffer.
When internal affairs hauls in your sorry ass,
As soon as the core heats up, the gas is released.
He'll back down once more blood is spilled.
One more flop and it's over.
Anything you put on this list,
Once milsat in on line, the signal will be broadcast worldwide.
Without our deterrent
Once those munitions change hands,
I will send word the moment our forces are at full strength.
When we have an army at our command.
But once the farm is up and running, we'll be self-sufficient.
Once a frozen body is removed from the cold,
And that can lead to devastating flooding in the town,
Once ice has almost completely cover the planet, most of the sun's heat was reflected back to space.
Each time the ice advanced,
Once the shock wave has passed
If you are possessed by the devil of the sword, you will become the kylin devil!
Once that dam breaks the flood comes
Once that dam broke, it was a flood.
Of decisions from which there is no return.
Once we passed go or no go,
Once you've made up your mind.
And you go with that.
There are only a few things you really need once you decide to move on,
When I go, I like to go all the way.
Once determined, she'll do everything
But we'll let you know when we've made a decision.
For once made it cannot be undone.
Once judgment has been made though, the key to finding your next destination is just off the map.
Therefore once the decision to run has been made,
Freeze the bomb, the mercury will make it go pop.
Once cooled, our planet isabctemperate enough to retain water.
Once a frozen body is removed from the cold it starts to decompose very quickly.
Once divorce is granted.
Once you're ready,
You may authorize the launch when ready.
I'll let you know when we're ready for your questions,
I'll let you know when we're ready for that。 Thanks.
I'll let you know when we're ready for your questions, all right?
As soon as Kate has the baby
If there's any trouble at all, the paras are to counterattack.
He will be blamed for everything that happens.
If something is wrong, everyone set off
I could be blamed for everything if something goes wrong.
And then condemns us on the 5:00 news when it hits the fan.
Not such a tough guy out of your ship,
After we get out of the public areas of the terminal, we work on level two.
You know what once you get the record out there, you gotta sell it.
If the country changes,
But just outside town, the good times rolled on.
One of these screwups.
If something were to go wrong and those missiles were to be launched,
The moment things got tough anyway.
You don't have resources or backup if things go wrong. 
When things go wrong, we assassinate?
If anything goes wrong, I'm gonna knock it out
Once we're past the jamming grid, we'll make our call.
Out at sea, all bets are off.
Once you cross, you'll forget who you were in the other realm and who you loved.
Once out of this van... 'll be alone, okay?
In the wrong hands, it - it ruins lives.
Once we're out that door, we're not coming back.
When we all die, I'll be referred to as fifth student.
If anything should happen, call my mom in Chicago.
If we receive launch authority， your mission is
Once one goes, they all do.
You trigger the motion sensor, and you hear this 
That once spoken, change everything.
Once outside, we don't touch each other.
Once we get out of the city, I'll let you go,
Things go wrong,
Anything goes wrong or feels wrong,
If anything goes wrong, if anybody follows us,
The popular press would be merciless if anything went wrong
Once they bite, they never let go.
Out here they don't want.
You leave, you can't go back.
Once incubated, the virus becomes airborne, so anyone he breathes on gets infected.
In case things go South,
This goes wrong, and this entire area's a hazmat site for the next decade.
And then switches as soon as she gets out.
If he gets out， we lose him forever.
But if one is born, he cannot be allowed to grow into adulthood.
Very heavy penalties for any breaches of discretion.
If there's any trouble
Anything goes wrong, I call abort 
Once it set the sinuosity, it just spread.
But the first sign of trouble. You pour on the speed and you run.
As soon as there was any trouble,
Yeah, and when it did, you killed them.
Marriages rarely survive if parasites are present.
And when they do, you can't let them slip through your fingers. You cannot.
Gotta catch it when you can.
More than you know, but one tear in the curtain and the balance could shift.
In case something goes wrong the rest of the crew can grab.
When he did - I know, I know.
When they do, I want to know.
And during one of the more violent scenes, we lost half our audience.
I assume control in the event of catastrophic failure.
Call me when he's in the process of committing a crime.
The FDIC covers the bank in case it's robbed
Once symptoms of infection appear, there is no chance of recovery.
Once symptoms show, rabies is 100 percent fatal.
The cohesion and density of the group
And if there's a weak spot there,
MP deviant behaviour their wiring has
I will stop the proceedings and clear the courtroom.
Lfthis does happen, a violent end awaits our cosmos.
The first sign of trouble,
And when it's fractured,
Once it comes out, then it's a baby
The bleeding will be hard to control.
But we on top, Jay and muff will not stop
One slip, the artery ruptures
Make one mistake, people get hurt.
You don't have resources or backup if things go wrong.
Do it incorrectly, and the patient could die.
Anything goes wrong, they blame you.
When discharged, they stop taking their meds.
I need to know as soon as you got separation.
And once you pulled them apart, you ran away with two.
If one of them gets distracted,
Once we divided, we were two different people.
Once they're cut, they wouldn't be long enough to strangle someone.
Once you unplug the machine, all the scores will be erased.
Once we sever the connection,
Once we take the tumor out, you'll be back to normal.
Once the CID sees this as willful tax fraud,
We'll be able to get the make and model as soon as I.D.is through with it.
Once the Kandorians are gone
Couldn't keep up with the payments when the rates increased.
So once it goes back to here，
Poised to profit off a change in the prime rate.
Bcause the minute someone finds out it's you, it's over.
And as far as anyone else was concerned, that's what I was single.
Once everyone knows something,
You can't be angry at someone when they drop the nude bomb.
While some other witch finds our star.
Once you turn 40,
Once you turn 40, your skin changes all the time.
Once you've reached the seven - year point
Once I'm secure up there, I'm going to tie my rope off,
When it gets down to the merge, you get rid of the strong ones.
Once in subspace,
Once we get there you can Zach should be able to find some help to get home.
When the time comes that the people of earth.
So once you hit the ground you run straight to the fence.
I'll call somebody when I get back to town.
It's a little different once you're out there.
Once we're in bed,
And when it comes to applied physic... Uh - Oh.
Once you get to be around my age it's harder to find people that'll take them.
Once you're in no man's land, go to the flank,
So, if it expires, we're all dead.
Once at the airport, there's no stopping us.
And then as soon as he's in the water, he's absolutely perfectly streamlined
And then once we get to page 60,
You see, once in the ear,
Once you get down here, all the optimal guys have disappeared
When I'm just at the point where it might be going too well
Once on the other side, keep moving.
Once there
Once there, you only had eyes for her.
Once there, listen for your
Once there, we'll chase the Dogos out,
Once there, these Marines will secure all personnel,
When we enter the boy's school,
Once on the other side, we would have to decipher the markings on their gate
And once I get there.
Then once there.
And by the time you get in there, you smell like a brewery.
Once we reach there, we can pump her out,
They're saying that once we get to the subject of Amsterdam,
Once at the top,
And once in place, the crew hauls in the catch.
It goes to your head and it's hard to pull back sometimes. I'm sorry.
Yet change the language,
Once we get closer to the merge,
And as soon as l get home, then l'd like to get about.
Have him maintain operational control the moment he's on site.
I'm sure it's gonna be crazy once I get up there and do this,
Once you arrive,
Once at the midway space station,
Once there they must search for the tribal chief
And once it reaches his heart,
Once there red and blue will move up
Once in the central areas,
On arrival it lays down roots into bare sand
Once you get there, trust me,
You walk past a certain point out there, you trigger the implant.
When we reach the coast,
Once in orbit, we get out of the spacecraft go for a walk.
Once here, they will search for
Once they arrive,
Upon arrival on board this ship, your students would have been shot down.
Whoever passes the age limit shall be removed to the upper floors,
Once it does that, abcit has to be massive enough
Once they were on dry land couldn't stand the sight of each other.
They're running the charges,
Failed assassinations rarely bode well
Once we Pierce her liver,
I'll send over the earlier stuff as soon as we get it out of records.
Once you're in, you're in for life.
Once you're in his family, you're his.
Once you mate, it's for life.
Every man who joins the night's watch
What you'd be getting yourself into were I accept your services.
Once you join the tribe there's no turning back.
When I start my religion, that's where I'm going to recruit.
That one associates with royalty Airlines.
You join this op, you put your career on the line.
I go faster and the engines seize up
It's hard enough to hit somebody when he's like this.
Attachment is such a difficult thing to undo.
Once laurel's boys start talking,
Opening the dagger while it's inside
Opening the dagger while it's inside the glass breaks the seal
If the dagger gets into the wrong hands.
Once the North Korean boat left me alone.
When the Picts come after you, they never stop.
And once the medical schools had a free supply of cadavers,
The minute the doctor finishes his checkup.
They also say they will be released
But as soon as the top ten are there then America takes over.
Once it starts moving up, don't look down.
Until the treaty's signed,
So, once their gone, they're gone.
However once the alcohol is sold to a sanctioned buyer,
And when the Karstarks draw their swords.
For an army of Camelot to enter it,
Once those canola parents see how well our kids work together.
Once the truck is alone,
Once Lucian has injected him - Lucian is dead.
Once Lucian has injected himself with Michael's blood.
Once the guards believe that the prisoners have a disease they'll run for their lives!
Once the equipment on the spacecraft goes into service it has to operate
We can come to a place.
All detainees are to be released once the immediate crisis is passed.
When they don't, they will cast you out 
A chance to prove that when push came to shove I could protect my family.
Once the egg is moving down the fallopian tube.
Once you're in this fight.
If the pressure drops, the alarms go off. Personal space.
If the pressure is great enough, abcsomething funny happens to water.
Once the special prosecutor clears you, you'll be on your way.
If you go to war,
Once the parameters are in, not long.
Once a team has sent 20 sky lant earns into the air,
Once two sides want to fight, nothing can stop them,
Because if it comes back to me, then you're in trouble.
If it were to fall out of suspension and come in contact with matter.
But if it were to fall out of suspension and come into contact with matter, say with the bottom of the canister.
As soon as returns are avaiIabIe from those 89.
Once something's out there you can never take it back.
Make one fortune, he's sure to blow it trying to find another.
And once mildew comes, it never leaves.
Once that occurs, the subject can't discern what is real and what is not.
Sometimes when that happens, you just can't restore it.
Once we put out the APB, it came up on the computers.
If he builds any momentum, no object can stop him.
The only way you could find it once it hits the universe is to know exactly
Once you launch. They cannot come back.
When we fire, they will know where we are.
Once we launch that probe as a diversion,
Once that happens, North Sarkhan can't take this country over,
Treatment tends to be hit and miss once you reach the sweating blood stage.
Once introduced,
Flourishing when it's fed,
If released could cause irreparable damage to the world's computer networks.
That when released will cause worldwide computer damage.
We come up with anything new, the first thing we do is
Once it gets out there,
Once it starts, is a vicious circle.
If his temperature rises, call me again.
Any inconsistencies can raise a red flag.
Once you do that, you will not engage him.
Once you find it, you beer hang on tight.
You find that burger, you call me day or night.
The minute things start to go sideways,
And I will fill you in if and when we find something.
And report to me only when you find anything.
When you have them in sight, you know what to do.
Find them, kill them,
If you see him do anything out of line, let me know.
Once he's found dead in a ditch somewhere.
Okay? If you spot him, you radio me immediately.
If you notice any suspicious activity.
That when you find you're wrong about the most important decisions you've made,
And if we find out that you had anything to do with setting that fire,
So if you go swimming with bowlegged women
And he'd be disappointed to find out
If I witness a crime against humanity, I just pick up the phone and report it.
When in contact with Costello, he switches it this way.
If I flash on any bad guys, I'll call.
You, um, see anything,
When you know peaceful capture isn't an option, you have to take the target down immediately.
As soon as we find her car, we're gonna move in.
Send me down any bullet fragments you pull out of his body.
Once they found them, they had to wait until dark,
Once there they tuck in with macabre relish
And when you find them, they might be good places to go.
They look forward to slitting his throat when they find him.
When it turns out that everything doesn't end happily, you can't deal with it.
You see anything, you radio in.
You see anything unusual, you report it.
When we find a monster, we destroy it.
The second you find anything, let me know.
Once we find it, we can take it right out.
When it detects me, it releases an antivirus posse
And when it sees me, it's gonna start shooting.
Any communication intercepts that she flags a threat.
To launch the missiles at the first detection of government interference.
When she thought she had a story, you couldn't shake her loose.
As soon as she found out her best friends were doing it,
If any one is found guilty of misconduct,
I detect a whiff of slacking,
When the porpoise is sighted,
When she finds out what her boyfriend really does for a living?
Once we get a hit, we'll be able to trace his transmission.
And once they were found everything unraveled.
Only way we win this war is by killing every Skitter we see.
If you find out that you spend too much,
All right, he finds out where that shipment is, he can send a team in to hijack it.
And as the crumbs fall off the table,
No cops or she's dead.
Such offenders will be classified by the police as' highly dangerous'.
We'll book you guys when we can get to you.
I am determined to summarily dismiss from this Bureau.
If you find anything that links this to you getting shot six months ago I need to know.
If the car's found parked somewhere, it's stake and notify. Thank you.
First sign of trouble, we sound the alarm, lock down the streets,
The slightest movement nearby of anything even vaguely， her fighting weight was fair game.
As soon as we get a visual on Cheng's vehicles,
And whenever we find someone in a car other than their own
First sign of any trouble, fire off a couple rounds, I'll be here.
Once this happens, once it goes through,
Once that happened, tonce I realized I could use the strength of my hands.
As soon as that happens, you need to open that hatch.
That when they do, speclal attentlon must be pald.
Once it's out, 
When it happens, the safest recourse is to say nothing.
Then something like this happens,
This thing goes sideways, we're defenseless.
What if you got into an accident?
First anything happens, you blow Mr. Bragg's head off.
Something bad happens, you all disappear, the town dies.
If anything happened.
There'll be surgeons standing by.
Anything goes South,
Any deviation from the path of real time
If certain events occurred,
And when it happens， they must make the most of it.
If it happens, this will be the sardine run,
And when that happens it will most likely kill you.
If anything happens you call 911,
If anything out of the ordinary did happen, don't go to the police.
But out of the blue it is all back. Just like that, from one day to another.
If there's an emergency, the houselights come up and a red light goes off in the kitchen.
And when that happens, you need to have absolute trust in the skills of the person who has your back.
If it comes to a fight, for me to seize the throne.
And where there's quakes, there's often another disaster.
In case of fire... Mom!
And when a crisis hits, I go.
That activate in the event of an explosion.
And with the probability of short circuits.
Once introduced, all order and intention is rendered useless.
Let me know when that happens.
With an immediate second be, plus what appears to be
In the event of an emergency, place the vest over your head
No one tries to be a hero.
So that when the assassination took place.
And when it does, this crew's in big trouble.
Once this looked like it was gonna happen.
And when that happens, you don't just stand by..
Once you get to this scenario, there's going to be a bigger interest rate.
When that happens, don't cancel.
The minute that happens, that signal is going to be broadcast.
When that happens the planet blocks outabca little bit of the star's light,
And when that time comes,
Will die when the sickness comes,
Right after he gets sick, there's a good chance he'll get hit in the head,
As soon as he gets sick, I do an autopsy.
And when it does,
And when they do, they attack without mercy?
Once the attack happens, he will be.
Once she goes crazy, it's no joke!
Once we pick up the merchandise, head for our target area, Miami.
Once the heart's out,
Once we get the old liver out, we have an hour
Lose it, and the picture makes no sense.
If someone they respect wants the book, they all will.
Then you get hurt, and it all goes away.
We get injured, and the nanites effect repairs.
By the nature of psychotic delusions,
We get stuck at the age we were
We get stuck at the age we were when the trauma occurred for our entire lives.
When it's tampered with, the countdown speeds up.
The moment networks were hit, all financial data began downloading to those servers.
Once your frightened amateur leads you to the pros, the work begins.
When confronted, he attacks.
Once exposed to them.
Traumatizing it can stop the heart
Once the vics realized
Once the trustee arrives all funds will be frozen
When ruptured, the fuel cells become unstable.
Larks never will, you know, when they're captive.
It's hard to control the power of one's enhanced form.
When it starts to get, you know, intense
Once you've gone brown
The second that this got personal,
When that happens
Yet change the language, one border to the next, and we are hopeless.
Once transformed, both prince and squire shall remain as frogs until such time.
Once mermaidified, there's only one way
And once it was dark, he panicked.
When mark Antony, the traitor is deposed， Very good friends.
Once the ancients have been destroyed,
A stereotype starts and all of a sudden it spreads like wildfire.
Once we've narrowed our field to our two finalists.
Once we're alone, you'd use some kind of Jedi force trick on me.
As soon as you can. We need to retrieve it.
Let me know the minute it's safe to open.
As soon as they can, the team set off to return the dingiso to its forest home.
We'll go... as soon as we're able.
I'll contact you when I can. Trust no one.
And killing them once the transients are disposed.
You let me know the second he's ready for questioning.
Once, it's clear, we'll run for Optimus
Then, once she can see the empire state building,
I'll try and get you out of here
And once the G.Signs this witness protection agreement,
After eating through these food supplies,
The minute we're done, she's running for the bathroom.
They will move on in search of open forests once they are well fed.
Once you have a human heart,
Once they have refueled and settled their stomaches,
Once she has had her fill, she is ready to take her baby back.
Nobody can predict what's going to happen once people everywhere start developing abilities.
Once the deal closes - the sale of Crawford orchards was not done in good faith.
I was gonna drop the complaint
And once we get to the merge we'll have a secret four a war,
If there's a merge coming up, we need strong members
Afterthe contract end.
Mr Klimitov will make a statement, once the contract has been signed.
Oncewe merge, they aren't going to talk to one of the girls.
If you touch the car and the road at the same time, you will get electrocuted.
And when those same people modernised or moved out of rural Africa into
Once we get the list, we can just start tearing away
Once the latter is cut off, so is the former.
As soon as the goggles became a hindrance, I ripped them off.
Once a backdoor link's established,
Soon as we can set up an uplink,
Once swallowed, it cracks the egg by grinding it against spikes that project into the gut.
Okay, as soon as we hear them come in.
Wereyou to hear it, your mind would cave in and your heart would explode.
As any mortal body hearing it
As soon as we hearthe money exchange go down.
And drives you just a little bit crazy.
That sound never goes away once you hear it.
Once you trigger it, you'll only have 30 seconds to get out.
Once it's activated,
When they are activated, no one can open them.
Once it's armed,the sensor's been tripped,
Once it's up, you've lost.
If you disconnect it，
Once it's powered up, it sends out a signal
It set in motion the ripples that weaken the very fabric of our reality.
Once you set the timer, make sure it's destroyed.
Once he goes through this, there's no turning back.
Once it's online, we can track it,
Because if you activate its wireless
Upping the voltage 40 times when directly administered.
And once it starts, abcthis transition would be fairly rapid.
When triggered, a polycarbonate glass wall seals the room, and then a hydraulic vacuum sucks out the oxygen.
With motion sensors revealing which ones are active.
Once ship one share, allocated at the discretion of the fund manager.
Bcause when I get in an argument, I'll be like, "what?"
You drink, you're done. It won't work.
You inject this stuff you're dead in 48 hours.
And, if inhaled creating intense hallucinatory effects.
A bloodsucker moves into town and the fever sets in.
Once the master gets free, the hellmouth opens，everybody dies.
Once a vampire gets your scent, it's for life.
Bcause once this vampire situation is over, folk gonna be back or we gonna be dead.
We go to the press, we're suddenly the ambulance - chasers of the loop.
Once you tell them, watch closely how they react.
Once he's been rumbled, he know he stands little chance of making a kill.
It is drawn to movement.
On impact, it all opens up in the target.
They'll be prepared to storm the building
There's no way they touch us once we're with the Chinese.
When you exchange numbers with a chick you give them the ability to call and cancel.
You sleep with one Pakistani lesbian,
Once you sign with us, you're no longer an independent contractor.
And once you start battling with neighbors,
If they form an alliance with the city of Chengyi.
The second the spell is lifted,
If they didn't have us to worry about they'd die of boredom.
As soon as we make a sale, I'm buying my own place.
If we call for reinforcements, we might tip him off.
Once our leverage arrives, she'll either tell us the truth
I brought a couple of guys over with me to find these arseholes.
Once we find where they're hiding the formula,
Which, when ingested,
Once the alarm goes out,
In case he became an invalid.
In the event that we ever get out of alignment.
The nationalists will arrive any day and what will they find?
And if they weren't up to code the paperwork.
That once started, might continue forever.
And once they're unlocked, it's like they were never gone.
Once that happens, we cannot control the fallout.
As is no returns.
Once the votes are ready the decision is fine.
As soon as the record's done. Whenever that is.
Once the votes are ready, the decision is final.
Okay. Once the votes are read, the decision is final.
Okay. Once the votes are read, thedecision is final.
Okay, once the votes are read the decision is final.
Once the votes are read, the decision is final.
Once the votes are read thedecision is final.
Once the votes are read, the cision is final.
Once the votes are end the thperson voted out will be asked to leave the tribal Council area immediately.
As soon as what's dead?
Once you've had a few glasses of this, you're not going to remember this evening at all.
Once you've had a few glasses of this,
When ingested, the herbs were known to cause an uncomfortable fullness of the bladder.
When someone drinks it they will turn into
If you drink, do not drive.
Once a shiner, always a shiner.
When drunk, you'd go on and on
He'd get drunk and slap her around.
If it were to erupt it would wipe out the planet.
How are we supposed to contain this thing
Once you have the scent you'll keep tracking us.
It engorges in the presence of.
Once, uh, someone's head comes off, it pretty much stays off.
A quick large mouth could spell death for any lion
Once the organs start decomposing.
But once this transplant is done,
So as soon as the nightmares started,
Once the quarterback has the ball, he fakes to the left.
As soon as we got back to the ranch, they went in the coop.
Once you're in the U.S,
Once I'm back in school, I'll work part - time for a law firm.
So you could see how a drug bust could look bad.
Once United, neither Nanhe Jaisalmer nor Bobby deol can break them.
As soon as the country turns or the army stops paying.
So was it just that anybody could kind of... once the monarchs had started to live elsewhere,
And once the gold's been returned to the king,
Once the crime watch files are in our possession,
Once the land is sold，
Once the soil has been treated to reduce acidity,
Once I'm secure up there,
Now, the seed that we plant in this man's mind will grow into an idea.
We start putting holes in people, it's gonna get ugly.
And it breaks down in the human body
And once it becomes part of the group.
Where, once it's activated,
Once you work first class, you can't go back to coach.
For being captured in enemy territory.
Oh, she'll figure it out once he's found dead in a ditch somewhere.
You talk in a dream, you never find your way back.
Once in water, it sheds the thin outer skin used to protect it on land
This extremely powerful and effective system, 
Once it's loaded onto deck, you're under that country's jurisdiction.
Once in the air, the wing covers have to be held up out of the way.
And, uh, any stray kids you find in the hallway, get them into classrooms,
Once in orbit above the shimmer of the atmosphere.
Once our task here has been completed,
Once we're estabiished here.
And if you make the wrong decision on the highway you could end up dead.
If even one bomb drops on Skynet before sunrise.
Near death in no - star motel hell.
And as soon as the da files a formal complaint and charge
We're different men once hell breaks loose.
Once the earth has been purged.
Unless the tunnel gets the proper support,
When machines break somebody has to fix them.
It's hard to get out of it once you've had a taste,
When you're in a chair，it's hard to.
Once he's in the car and immobile, his adrenaline will wear off and the pain will become unbearable.
Once we get to the merge, you will have a four - way alliance
When you fall in love, it's kind of like you go crazy,
It's timer activates automatically at the point of a crash.
Once the tanks knock out the shield,
Once the walls are breached, the city will fall in hours.
Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if this city falls?
If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find.
Everyone in this town is gonna lowball you once they find out you're desperate.
Once the subject had reached the desired physical age.
Once guilder is blamed.
That Christ is here on earth and the antichrist is soon to follow.
How once he does that the artwork will be complete. And?
Once the ink's extracted, it's analyzed with thin layer chromatography.
As soon as Mussolini leaves, he stops building houses
There's nothing for looters once the Mexicans NAT onalize.
Once the sepoys are disarmed, who will do the fighting?
When stacked up to a place as large as the universe.
And, once in a weakened state, leads them to the third and final stage: possession.
Suppressing it may lead to a worst end.
And when that hub is taken out,
I will pay those taxes and serve you better than he
The moment that foreign troops with a hostile intent cross your borders,
An extraterrestrial radio signal is confirmed, news of the event
Is if that dust gets in here, we're all fucked.
A guy sleeps with is greater
A guy sleeps with is greater than the number of chairs he owns.
But by night I'm one hell of a lover
Once they're locked for the night, the doors can only be opened from the inside.
Once the archbishop's miter is on his head
Once the patient's physician has outlined the risks,
When people see that, they will be on your side
And once everyone sees the footage of him as the brain surgeon,
Once the rest of the pack knows,
Once everybody's in the water,
Once everyone is assembled for dinner.
Once word gets around
It's just, once it gets out there, it just changes things,
Once we have control of the government, we'll shut down all concentration camps.
Once a building strays from the vertical,
Once the conveyor had stopped, oxygen was no longer carried down
When the brain swells that much it has nowhere to go.
Once an idea has taken hold of the brain,
As soon as we launch this large - scale offensive,
When a massive star hasabca lot of heavy elements in it,
When there's a lot of carbon monoxide at those levels.
Soon as that door closes, it's over.
Once the door is unprotected, the connection will be severed.
And when the portal opens, we'll lose the city to monsters within hours.
Soon as it blows away, we can walk out of here safe and free,
Once the city of angels,
Once astronomers knew what to look for, they began to hunt for feeding black holes.
Once the ceiling is fully repaired,
Once the weather holds up, we'll be back with help
It can then drive the turbines of all the other industries
As soon as the emperor signs the trade agreement.
Once it gets dark, somebody'll come looking for us.
Once it gets dark, he's home free.
Once too much blood has been spilled on the same ground,
After a certain point, a person's beyond redemption.
Once that sun comes up... We'll last five minutes.
You Iose somebody, you Iose somebody. I don't want to Iose two somebodys.
You lose somebody, you lose somebody. I don't want to lose two somebodys.
And once he's lost his leg and he goes hopping down the loony trail,
And when the infatuation wears off,
If I lose her, I got no reason to be here.
And his good opinion once lost, is lost forever.
Is that you can never get it back.
You lose it, you can't ever go back
And without his immortality.
If you don't maintain them, you will get corrosion.
Once the trust is broken, you never get it back.
Whenever you lose your cool that's when the bull gets you.
Once you betray your partner's trust, it's hard to get it back.
When we lose the satellite, do we have other eyes?
And when people stop believing in you, you'll shatter like glass.
But if we lose her
You lose that, you'll never get it back. - yeah.
And when it's gone, you can never get it back.
And when he lost that, he snapped.
When deprived of our favor for long enough,
Whenever that is lost or taken away,
Once it gets outta hand,
When the forest is gone, the rain will stop.
We lose track of Nasan now, who knows when we pick him up again.
You lose those little coccolithophores,
You lose it, that luck turns.
Stripped of that, it's no wonder they become suicidal.
For if you Nick the skin
Touch the wrong line, and you're dead.
Once he does, he could go into cardiac arrest from the pain.
No sleeping for one night. Answer the letters...
But if the drum gets off, it wobbles.
You're dead.
If you fail, you'll look stupid.
They feel very far from goodness when they fail.
You lose, these guys will kill you.
Fail, and you die.
Because if we don't win, you can't do what you set out to do.
She will drag us to ruin when it plummets.
Lose, and be losers.
And when it couldn't have him, it turned its gaze to the other child.
You slip up, there's nothing there to save you. You're done.
Some people go off the deep - what do you want?
Once Igoe is inside and takes command of their pod.
By the time you clamp off the aorta, you run the risk of damaging the other organs.
If the miracle ends, she dies.
That as soon as a sign appears well made.
When this bond is once broken.
Once Odin is dead, I will return the casket to you
As soon as I get the signal from you
As soon as I know that Audrey is free,
He was going to take this whole place down
Once a woman makes her mind up.
Every once in a while they say something that's a little inconvenient,
Once a woman sleeps with a man,
Once a woman had a child,
Until a woman gets her hands on him, gives him a little personality.
As soon as this happens to the girl they just dump her at the Elizabeth Hospital
And once a witch returns home, she can't come back for 1 00 years.
Once a hexenbiest's powers have been taken by a Grimm,
Once the witch is asleep.
As soon as the siren goes on, everyone disappears. You have the road to yourself.
I doubt I'll get to go with her myself once she gets off.
I don't know once the bit's between her teeth.
Once she snaps out of it,
And once she's gone.
So when she's not around or gets busy,
And once she's eliminated as a person of interest.
She's not like that once she gets to know you.
Once she understood the mood I was going for,
There is nothing to say she won't become a good mother to them
As soon as she's out of the vehicle, she becomes that much more vulnerable.
And they'd come into your beautiful home,
The moment you give them their power back,
Once they start drinking, we all do.
Once these girls start erasing.
And when they start to wake up,
When they're in agreement,
As soon as they realize that you'll love them no matter what they do,
Once they get their claws in, you're hooked for life.
But once they see the flowers and the food,
Once they've crossed, there is one less trafficking victim in Bosnia.
Once they're in the kitchen, isn't nothing left to do but give them a key to your house.
By the time I get my hands on the lost souls,
I'm probably going to miss feeling that once the girls are gone.
So right as they woke up,
Once she does, the program converts the details
As soon as she buys you out, she kicks you out.
Whatever she decides, she can do.
Once she decided she wanted to do something, there was no stopping her.
Once she walks out, we can pick her up.
Once she shows up, you'll meet her and give her the money.
Once she reaches the triangle, we stop no exceptions.
Once she testifies, you're gonna spend
As soon as she finds that out,
As soon as she finds that out, things are never
As soon as she finds that out, things are never gonna be the same.
If she figures out what you've been doing
Once she finds out about you, she'll be drinking again.
The minute that she finds out how you got this information,
If she finds out what the Russians have done,
And once she sees I'm the good guy,
And the second she finds out about it,
If she goes public with that story,
All she need to hear was the sound of your voice.
And then when she was finished or the bad things were over
Once she does.
No sooner does she tell you who you are,
And once she kisses you,
If she hooks up with the Russians, there will be no way for me to save the program.
Once she and her sister run out of thesickle cell meds we gave them,
Once she does, will the property be mine again?
And the benefits run out in November when she turns 18.
Whenever she stays out there too long
As soon as she gets a little stronger,
Once she learns the ropes, takes us legit.
You'd be surprised how those small ones
Once she'd stay put,
Once she finds a place we are all going.
And once she does, I don't think she'll be getting too serious about him.
But once she does.
Once you've had a blowjob, you'd understand.
I leave when I know she's okay.
Once she makes her offer, you sweep in and make your arrest.
And the moment she starts hinting around for a commitment,
She starts poking around her mother's murder, they'll come after her again.
Once she started taking on the attributes of wonder woman,
Once she's got what she came for, she'll piss off again.
And when she gets what she wants, she'll get rid of you.
As soon as she regains her strength, I will leave with her.
Ah, soon as she's fit,
And once she's stabilized we'll take her to the I C U.,
I'm sure he'll tell us as soon as she's stable enough to return to surgery.
And once she tries to leave Storybrooke, well.
And once she gets an idea in her head.
Once she remembers who we were to each other the life we had together.
Once she became aware of the connection between them,
As soon as she realizes what a pain in the ass a baby is,
As soon as she feels it is safe
Once she becomes a geisha, she 'II need many a eimono.
Because the minute she became a liability, you got rid of her
Not since she put that ring on her finger and said "yes".
One call to the cops and you're looking at 25 to life.
And once that happens, we subpoena you,
They'll be ready to extract her
The minute she takes her hand off that car,
If she went to the police, you would need a cover story
And when she does, you will cease to be useful.
Look, once she gets that warrant, I can't stop her,
Except once she had her money,
As soon as she gets the crystal back,
Once she's retrieved the module .
Once she takes that life back!
And as soon as she accepts her new role, her fate is sealed.
And when she's close, I grab her.
And if she starts behaving differently.
She's still gonna kill herself
After she understood the mood I was going for, it was better, much better.
Soon as she figures out that I'm not her new toy, we'll be fine.
She trade me in the second she got something better
Once she had evidence against the fund,
And if she makes the slightest move, then we right!
Once she'd killed her baby, she took off herself.
Once she's here,
And if it comes in contact with this， Yes, it blows up.
Once she feasts her eyes on Texas, it's all over.
Once she's dead.
Once she's dead and you're on wife number two,
And once she was dead, why stick around?
As soon as she dies, I'm gonna become a civil engineer.
Once she snaps out of it, where does that leave us?
If her father ever found out,
As soon as her father lets her down,
Would all this go away once she delivered?
Once she's in, she will send a message to earth.
But once her lawyer seizes your baseball card collection,
Once her heart stopped beating,
Once her heart stopped beating, there should have been hardly any blood flow
One she'll miss once the novelty wears off,
I 'll probably find out more once I get her diary translated.
When she gets you in her sights
As soon as you can get her blood pressure under control?
That they get caught up in
But once there's one in her sights, that's pretty much it.
And I think once she gets a look at these.
Once she gets to the underpants, they're a deal breaker.
If she sees the police, she'll set it off.
Love will kick you up the arse as soon as look at you.
Once she sees you, she's gonna realize that you tricked her,
She sees you, it's over.
Once she's got them, 
And when she sees it's you calling,
Who, at the sight of her will recover much, much faster, won't she?
But once she sees dead Americans
And if she did know you, I think she'd really like you.
Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tell in her.
Inform me as soon as she touches ground!
Once she sees who you are 
Once she sees who you are
If she knew she would have me arrested. She's done it before.
What's going to happen when she finds out who you really are,
Once she knows she doesn't have to be afraid of you.
Once she sees how much money we have,
If she knows we're here, we're dead before we started.
Once she sees that I think this is great.
Yeah well, once she's compos mentis.
As soon as she's 50 yards outside of the complex
Once she slips out of our grasp, who will ask for her hand?
Once she's stable, we will do this properly.
Once she's on the stand we start to lift the veil
Once she signs the papers... I know.
As soon as she is of age, I'm putting her in a home.
Once I get her to trust me, I might need you to talk to her.
Once, she was able to love.
Once she's out of danger,
Once she figures out she hates us.
And once it is given.
Once she's in the system, she'll never get out again.
She almost certainly will when she returns to her village,
At a time when marrying the prince of France or the king of Spain.
You can't delay laboronce it starts.
Once she asks me not to throw this wedding,
If she ever remembers me, her mind will burn and she will die.
Because if she wins, she's gonna own me. My advice?
When she passes away, you're on your own.
As soon as she's 50 yards outside of the complex and
Once she turns that corner, she steps off the grid.
You'll marry her if she's above some number.
As soon as she did that, her risk increased substantially.
And once she was in, she stole what she wanted and demanded that you fence it for her.
Once she's in the city's mainframe, what's to say she'll come back out?
Once she gets into the party, she's on her own.
Once she's in the city's mainframe,
And once in it, she takes on.
Whenever she linked with other replicators,
Well, you know if something happened to her.
Once that happened
As soon as she wakes up, we're out of here, I swear.
And when she wakes up,
I want him in the room as soon as she wakes up, getting the ID.
When she's in a foul mood, in can be horribly unpleasant.
If she transgresses into shock and can't give us any more information,
When she needed me.
So they should feed her whenever she's hungry.
The murder weapon on my desk the second they're done.
And when it is, I'll be watching.
And when she does.
When he does, one brother inside his army
And once that happens, it leaves you only one path.
As soon as he does, we can file a class action against them.
And once you've sung, Charlie, 
Once a connection that tenuous breaks.
When the memory matrons finally recognize you,
And once mom is onto one, it's ruined forever.
Once mom gets better.
When we compromise those we become what we despise,
Once a wife's been betrayed.
That when a wife signs a prenuptial agreement,
We won't be able to fight the sisters when they attack again.
When push comes to shove, they'd save their own skins over his.
Any time a casino camera failed,
When this hits the press, families of missings are gonna come rushing out here.
If the media ever caught wind of what happened,
And if the news does, everyone does.
Once it's done,
As soon as a suspect asks for his lawyer,
As soon as the children had to move more than a day's horse
By the time Koong realizes the funds were n't transferred, we'll be long gone.
The times I managed to save up,
And once it's in your brain, you never forget it. Very good.
Once it exists, it's alive.
Once acquired, it's a talent that will serve you for life.
Once you learn to trust it,
If she learns how to froth his cappuccino, I am history.
As soon as it can fly,
Once you learn to manipulate yourself into a stage of arousal
As soon as this school got smart and expelled them,
Once scholars had decided that mark's gospel was used by Matthew and Luke,
Once the kids and I are back together,
When our children are kept separate
Once the kids' grades go up, I'll get a little more help from the school.
But once the children are assembled, what then?
Once the child is born,
It's worth it once the baby comes. But I'm guessing that's.
Once she passes that placenta, her hormones will plummet,
And if the child is unable to bear this burden?
Once that baby comes, I'm gonna be stuck raising a child alone.
Once the baby is born, this is over.
Once the selection has been made,
As soon as the baby's born 
She'd have changed once the baby came.
When they hurtle down from spaceabcwithout prior warning.
Once they're full,
And once there, they can find not only leaves, but meat.
The moment it makes it into the bloodstream.
And when they damage it, what happens is.
Once they figure out one garbage can,
Once they get a foothold in the building, you never get rid of them.
Once they're finished, the white - backed and Griffon vultures pile in
Once they've taken it off with their heads.
If they do, I want you to switch from cloak to shield as quickly as possible. Don't wait for my order.
As long as they accept our sacrifice, they remain below.
Once they touch an electrical charge will detonate the core causing the nuke to explode.
Once they're terraformed, they'll dump settlers there with nothing.
Something happens to them, this whole thing disappears.
Once they're dead, they don't really grow back.
Whenever they don't... All right, let's see here.
Once they were done with the leukemia they moved on to the heart murmur,
And when they're gone, they just float away.
And once they've burned upabcall of their nuclear fuel,
They will, if left alone, reorganise themselves to form a new sponge.
Once they get their teeth into you - hey. What's the plan?
And once they've spotted their prey,
When they cross lanesabcwithout looking
And when they meet, they create a burst of energy.
Then whenever they leave the body,
But as they take flight,
If they step over the border they are quickly targeted.
As soon as they enterabcthe earth's atmosphere,
As soon as they're in range,
That, once they move into the darker regions.
Once imprinted, they remain permanently proximate to their parental proxy
Once they're formed, the pure crystals are first sliced.
Once it tries to mate with a child,
What if he had hurt someone? Gordy, please.
Will you set it free, once it's healed?
Soon as it stops, the Titanic falls.
You'll definitely know him when you see him.
When he is seen, change follows like a storm.
And as soon as it arrives there,
And when it reaches the brain, it spreads like wildfire. Yeah.
Once it's installed, you'll have no control over it.
As soon as that happens
Once it's in the air, there is no asset in our Arsenal that can bring it down.
Once it learns to manipulate its digital environment,
When it happens, it'll happen fast.
I can stop that before it happens.
When it comes to individual stars.
Once it has exhausted one area, it must move on to the next.
Once he fires the engine I can always disconnect him if I have to.
And when it goes off, it means you have a donor.
Once restored to its rightful owners, the rivers will be laden with fish.
Once it's in first - class condition
You could wipe it out with your spit
But once it's in the computer, it's
And once it dies there, no constitution can save it .
Once it learns everything it can about its environment,
And as soon as it hatches, I'm there
Once it installed, you have no control of it.
Once it has full control of this facility,
Once it takes hold of us.
So once it's perfected,
When it's complete,
And when it is, I'm free, I'm cool, I'm clear, I'm out of here.
Once it stops glowing its destruction is achieved and then.
That once an animal tastes human blood.
Not once it's made a home there.
After all when it comes to destructive behavior.
Soon as he starts to secrete the poison,
As it starts to sink, it sends out an O.S.,
Once it engages, the spirits are released one by one.
Once this case works out, who knows?
Once she's located the fish,
As soon as it finds suitable food,
Yeah, once he fixes himself, we're screwed.
If it's got loose, you're never gonna stop it!
As it approaches.
Once it takes hold of the group... No.
Once it gets a hold of me, it's like I'm some wild animal.
Even steel hulls can be ripped open
As soon as I get it up and running, I'll be home all the time, OK?
As soon as it settles on the sea bed,
This gets out, you'll be selling your granddaughter's pony to pay for your legal bills.
People are gonna die if that thing gets out lives are gonna be ruined.
Once it's gone, you might miss it.
Once it reaches full power, you'll be home.
You see, once it loves you it never leaves your side
Once it slams shut.
Once she gets herself positioned alongside
When its orbit takes it close to androzani major, the gravitational pull.
And one time it'll be within one jump - length
And if it detects an obstacle,
That once pulled over your head, it becomes an impenetrable force field.
And by the time it's reachedabca certain number of accelerators,
That it got to you that's no reason to feel bad.
When it is missing the skin barrier is deficient, like a dam with holes in it.
Once it's depleted the energy in the naquadah generator on the malp.
And once it gets awayabcfrom the Lagrange point,
Once it's gone, I'll finally feel whole.
Were it but free, it would soar, cloud... High.
If kalel still holds it,
Then once it's melted it must leave a sweet sensation
What the situation would be if it were accepted.
Soon as it blows away, we can walk out of here safe and free,
Once it was opened, you could not put the lid back on.
Now that once been found,
Once it's loaded onto deck,
If it were ever released,
Once it tries to mate with a child, I'm sure animal control will just shoot it.
So once it's running it's self-sustaining.
Once it's introduced into the victim,
Once it's in, it stays in unless it's treated.
Then once he settles in, take him over to that jump a couple oftimes.
In this country - if it were breached,
Once they wake up, all that memory will get flushed out.
As it degrades, the suit becomes ineffective
0nce it comes cIose to the signai,
Once it took off... I say one thing and you understand another!
When the universe gets really cold.
Once you get a security team moving,
As soon as it's safe, we have to move.
I will, as soon as it's safe.
He'll come out when he knows he's safe.
I wouldn't give much for field agents' chances once the security gentlemen come barging in.
Once Annie gets Alan's office number,
Once things settle down, I think it's gonna be great.
Once Henderson hires me, we'll get a quick - but - amicable divorce.
Once installed, it can be phoned
Once you get settled in, you'll be making calls from this list.
She's gonna eat your head after she's done.
Soon as it's done, we take the shooter out.
Once fully formed,
Once deemed fit and healthy,
Once completed a masterpiece.
As soon as we do, we'll find him.
Once tsaheylu is made
As soon as he finishes one more little detail,
Once you're done, you'll encode this fund wire for an end of day transfer
That once its task is done,
But once you've successfully completed that.
As soon as it's completed I can open the barrier.
I'll be the richest man in Vienna.
So you do move on once you finish.
And once my annulment is finalized,
I'll expect a full report as soon as you're done.
Once training is complete, we'll turn our attention to funding the jump.
Once it does, the Cylons will be on top of us.
We are all done, and you will never have to see me again,
Once he's played his part, she covers the eggs in a protective sac
So as soon as he makes it official, we're off to the races.
Once the price is set hunters compete to fill the order.
We get a conviction.
If found guilty, he's asked that his brain be donated to medical science.
There's no way of getting away from treasure.
Once the treasure is gone, there is nothing to keep him here.
Once we get the shunt in any excess spinal fluid
As soon as this trial concludes, you're going into lockup.
Once the paperwork clears, you're a memberof edenfalls country club.
The guests will be checked into their suites
And died in a strange land
Which I will consider once this trial has concluded.
In a recognized religion are differed from military service.
If this constitution is signed,
Once that constitution is signed,
Once your family knows what you do you've got problems.
As soon as the family leaves,
And I'll let you know what my future holds，as soon as my parentsdecide it for me.
When parents get involved at school, kids get motivated.
As soon as the barriers go up, I'll get back to you.
As you know there's no coming or goings down there.
If you notice Crixus attempting to conceal anything from me
The moment he senses the slightest threat,
Once declared hostile he hashing to lose and will Fiat aght cost.
Once something stops being important to me,
With a cripple, you know you've got him.
When those two folds connect,
Once the excitement of the birth wears off,
Once you discover the Prometheus technology,
When you get emotional about something,
And when we get to court, I don't think the judgeis gonna be... 
And when he gets tired of these, he chooses a house to make his own.
Once you get lost in those brown eyes, just geometry loses its appeal.
Once you've found her
The one detail from your past that
Because the minute that first missile becomes operational
Once you want it to begin
Once the catheter's in place, I'll roto - rooter the clot
Once the seal goes up it's frozen. We're gonna try and reach his daughter.
Once you get all of your friends together -
And once I have destroyed it,
We need to be prepared to go in
As soon as the general gives the order.
By utilizing the heart's power,
At a time when espionage efforts could be better used elsewhere.
When you put the antigen on the skin then it elicits this very powerful response.
It'll be short work
Once energized with sufficient wizard power,
If we can ever market the compound.
People start targeting children，there are no rules.
Once Andie is cooled
Once the goblin's out of Gaius
The birds eat it then they get so filled up on rice that they don't want to eat
0nce their eggs have hatched
0nce their eggs have hatched, they will be forced repeatedly to make the 600 mile round trip
When dust particles deflectedabcpart of the pulse into the lens.
But when a decision's made,
When dust devil goes public, heads will roll.
When dust devil goes public, heads will roll and sure as shit,
Once they've tasted human flesh, you can't be sure.
And once you done it, you realize cards are for pussies.
Once they've tasted human flesh, you just can't be sure.
I can cause an anaphylactic shock...
Which once in place, 
Once we're in position, I want costant contact between all squad leaders!
You will not get away
Once the bodies are in full rigor,
Once the bodies are in full rigor, he's got about 10 hours
Once the body was released by the morgue,
The identifying organisms would have started dying
Once autopsies are complete,
If the tables were turned,
Once the screens warm up.
My above ground pool cleaning business went through the roof once I embraced my gift for music
But once the stone is hardened again it feels like glass.
One he might not recover from.
Bcause it'd come into you in times of despair
Once the state reimburses me for all that time in jail.
Be there as soon as the patrol guards fall out. OK!
Be there as soon as the patrol car pulls out. OK!
Once this job's over, I'll be on to the next.
Once the chocolate's all in
So once the market gets rolling, maybe the market's not such a good forecast.
Once Brian is used to you being back,
You leave a hole in that perimeter,
And if that hope disappears
When the bargaining has failed
If the Greece get inside the wall, it's over.
If the Greeks get inside the walls, it's over.
Lf the Greeks get inside the walls, it's over.
As soon as senator Palmer leaves the state, l have to face these charges.
Once the Parkinson's progresses to a point of dementia,
When the curtain came down,
And taking him to a clinic and leave him there prostrated who knows for how long.
Once I lead my people to another world,
Get back to me as soon as you got my cover.
Once this dries,
And once it's dry and the stain is absorbed,
To do this job to find a dead baby in a dumpster,
We wouldn't get half a mile
Once this platform is fixed,
Once the platform... Look, we don't even know
Once the platform... look, we don't even know
Now once the civilians have been off - loaded,
It sort of floods into your tissues and spreads out,
When things are bad, when they're losing dope,
And when a delusion like that crashes, it crashes hard.
Once the spirit has entered me, put my hand upon the animal.
The minute Cooper signed the deal
And pursue Pompey as soon as he refuses truce.
Once we cross the Euphrates, expect contact from both sides.
When we release the pod, a substantial amount of energy will be generated.
He will lose in front of a jury.
Once a trial starts, I like all my focus to be on the evidence, not on the blatherings of my client.
If they completed that airfield, they could effectably choke off U.S Supply line through Australia,
Once rapport's been established,
One fundraiser with my pals.
Once it's up and running.
Once a backdoor link 'sest ablished, there's nothing in that building I won't have access to.
Once you break the seal it'll be out of your system in 48 hours.
After he had a taste I don't believe he ever looked back.
If I were to break the rule for you
But it won't just be a new car, will it?
Once we boost the power, your device should be very effective.
Once you start moving, there's no cover between you and the house.
And once they're operational, they'll be able to provide enough protection to.
Once it is launched, it will simply burn everything,
Once it's up and running, if it's copied,
Which means that we'll be completely unprotected
And when it's done,
Once it's started
Once it starts.
Can not began.
And once you begin the process you cannot stop until all seven are open.
Once you do it, hold.
I will once it starts raining.
They can't do no any do about this stopping.
If it starts, it will end, right?
Once you get going, it's really hard to stop.
Once it starts there's nothing more that's new.
Once this starts, it is going to be intense.
And once we've had our pound of flesh, we're still hungry.
Once they start, they can repeat with growing frequency.
Once you got started?
Once I get started you'll never even notice.
And as soon as we do it, you have to get down and stay down.
Once you start, you can never quit.
And what is begun cannot be halted.
Has no interest in opening up a can of worms in this case.
"Once we get started, there'll be no turning back ".
You know once you start pushing paper, there's no turning back.
And once something is set in motion,
Start letting strangers in, the place will be full up.
I want no interruptions once it begins.
Once we start selling out,
"Once we get started, there'll be no turning back ".
Once I get going, it'll all happen fast so stay with me.
Once begin upon this downward path,
Once you start you just can't stop 
Once they start, they can't stop.
Well, there can be no interference once it's started.
Lt may want to finish what it started,
And once that happens, it's like a mosh pit!
Don't bother trying to stop her once she starts, will.
And once you start it's hard to stop.
Someone you aren't you have to then be that someone
Once you start you just can't stop
There can be no end to what has started.
But when it's on, it produces one tremendous tube after another.
Once begun no one can stop it.
Once started we couldn't turn the aging off.
And once you start you can't stop.
Once begun, can't be won
Once it gets started, there's no stopping it.
Once this thing starts there is no turning back.
Once you start something you need to stick with it.
Once the meeting starts you will continue to say nothing.
Once you start it's almost impossible to stop.
Once you start thinking, you're dead.
If you start thinking, sure.
And once begun, the relationship.
When I go I like to go all the way out. Okay.
Once induction is started,
Once stared we couldn't turn the aging off.
And once I started I couldn't stop.
It was started I had to keep going.
And once it begins there's no guarantee it'll be limited to these three countries.
Once glass bottles started getting thrown
And once it's started 
Once we start filming, the unit's in charge of looking after the crews.
When it came time to sell,
Once you start looking it's impossible to stop.
As soon as the trial's in progress,
Now once you start,
Once begun, can't be won
Once Prok has his mind set, it's no use trying to stop him.
You know once you start watching videos of cats doing funny things you really can't stop.
Once underway, the tether would be extended to separate the two modules.
But once we begin engagement, I have to know.
Onceyou start making money, you always want more, huh?
When you enter into the show, shake it off.
By starting to get physical, she loses the right to say stop?
Once we're in the body of this debate, there's not gonna be an opportunity to talk about 
Once it comes through
Once it starts, it's a fight for our lives.
When you're on the run,
You start running, they`ll never let you stop.
Once the call starts, I should be able to find which seer is sending out the other half of the conversation.
The shooting starts,
In the event of war, it's gonna be the first target bound to be.
Once we're out of the way, he controls the seas.
Lf a war is waged, our kingdom will be ruined.
And when it comes, I want to be really useful to my country.
Cops will be all over this place once the fireworks start.
Once they've started I just cannot control them.
When Kepler flies, it will undertake a four - year mission to seek out new worlds.
Isn't activated until you take a life.
When they do, you'll have two hours to vote for your favorite.
But when they do, you'll have two full hours to vote.
When we do, you can vote for your favorite as many times as you like.
What a turn on.
When they got rid of the choke hold.
Once it is returned, my plan will be complete.
Once you've done that, get out. Don't take any unnecessary risks.
Get it wrong, and you'll pull his head off.
Get it wrong, you'll never get it right.
Once you're in the box you don't leave without a deal.
Introduce a pathogen, some die immediately.
Lives are going to be ruined.
Wherever it's detonated, it will wreak unthinkable devastation.
Once activated, the device releases waves and hyper sound.
Once I have her attention, it's time to bring out the big guns.
Well, once you have her attention, you've gotta woo her.
We need to move out as soon as the men are ready.
Once this round impacts the target,
Any attempt to open it will burn the hard drive.
Once restored to its rightful owners, the rivers will be iaden with fish.
As soon as they realize I'm gone,
Once he got married, he never showed his face.
No, you were started singing.
Once you fall asleep, they get you!
Bcause once you care,
Bcause once you care, that's when they can come at you.
The locals had resisted or attacked the Romans
So once we catch her red - handed trying to black mail me.
So once I rewire the keypad and attach the probe, the software will do the rest.
What would have happened to Clinton.
Once l have power.
But get elected and suddenly they know police work.
If that tape comes out,
Once compiled, can be sold on any major city street out of the trunk of a black man's cars,
Once a climate of fear has been achieved,
And when lakes form, they create what are called moulins.
Neural connections are formed.
It's clear that you're not going to be friends.
It's clear that you're not going to be friends.
As far as this Hoss is concerned all bets are off.
Whenever you don't get what you want,
They'll kill you both as soon as they get what they want.
As soon as we have something to report, we'll report it.
Once we get it,
Once you've got a man, never let go of him.
Call me as soon as you get anything.
Get back to me as soon as you got him on a live feed.
And if we get a hit,
The prisoner once we've extracted the information.
Once you took the horizon, what was your extraction?
Once public support is in place and war is finally underway
Once she's got it, she knows how to use it.
Once you've got her trust, it's time to make her feel special.
Generating exposure. You make a name for yourself.
Then once you got the right answer
Once I got it would have been unethical for me
Once we get the patriot installed,
Once I have the emperor's gold, my work will be complete.
As soon as we make visual contact, we'll uplink a real time feed to your command.
Once privileged, you can go anywhere and do anything.
With such rich pickings on offer,
Once you get those parameters historically 
Once I had it no more cons, I'd be out, but I misjudged.
Knowing that in some universe, if I commit a crime.
Once you have a location on Drake, you'll relay it to director Sloane.
Once you've had cancer, recurrence is your biggest fear. I get it.
Once they're in the wind they tend to try to stay that way. That's my offer.
Once his circulation opens up, the built - up toxins will stop his heart,
Better than nothing
Once it came, there were many plans
Once that happens, the attraction center in the brain shuts.
Once the heart stops pumping,
Once the heart stops pumping, it's difficult to continue to extract the blood.
Once her heart stopped beating, there should have been hardly any blood flow from the head wound.
The second that heart rate monitor flatlines or you move out of range,
They'll have no choice but 
So God just
Make your confession and all this will end.
The day we forget that will be our last.
But once I set that aside, I acted properly by attempting to arrest her for manslaughter.
Once you're pregnant,
We doubt we settle for less. And when exactly do we say yes?
Once spoken out the suspicion of such depravity
We doubt we settle for less.
Once you doubt, you can't stop.
Let it consume you and soon enough.
Once a thought was planted, the victim would not stop till they'd accomplished it.
And once the sex endorphins wear off you'll come to your senses.
Once the sexy bubble's burst, it's burst.
Once the monster caught her， he put her in chains in the vault.
Once the monster is destroyed, l will build you a beautiful bridal suite.
That when the president agrees to meet with me,
Once the president announces the war, the margins will change dramatically.
I need the president on the phone as soon as he can step away before noon.
I don't exactly have a great track record when it comes to intimacy.
Once a star is dissected for parts and its energy is depleted.
Once a star is formedabcthrough gravitational energy,
But once we're restored
Once the pecking order has been restored, everyone can settle down.
We could breed a whole platoon from you two.
Once he gets worse do a pet scan.
Once it's this advanced there's not much we can do.
Once a patient is exposed to the method of manipulation, it becomes much less effective.
Whenever you're ready.
Once you interfere in other countries' internal squabbles,
Once you come to terms with the idea that the atmosphere is a fluid, you realize it has some extraordinary consequences.
If you send those Marines in they'll be pinned down.
When the instruction's been authenticated,
You are agreeing not to bring any legal action
Once sad.
You had a lot to lose, anyonefound out about the affair.
As soon as the affairs of the world
When this gets bad I'm not gonna be able to.
I'll call you if her condition changes.
As soon as he's stabilized, we'll get him out of trauma and move him to surgery.
Once this situation becomes a legal matter,
As far as it'll go, and then I just put some food on top of it.
Isn't just a concern if tempers flare.
When tempers are high and everyone's got a gun,
You'd have to get up and walk to the bathroom.
The idea of going near a cave.
Unless you need milk.
And once I know.
If you think about it, that's a remarkable thing to say.
You took on that one.
Do not come to your mother and me with your problems.
Once an idea's taken hold in the brain, it's almost impossible to eradicate.
But to realize your time is almost up,
If she feels threatened, she'll come for us.
And at the slightest tingle of tension, he would stop,
It is so weird though when it sinks in how alone you are
Once you feel it come to the outside.
Anyone infected.
And as soon as the infection hit the spinal column,
Once the affected areas are removed,
Once the infection took hold there was nothing doctors could do.
Once the infection gets that deep the only way to save his life is to make the cut.
When infection sets in it spreads out until
Once the septicemia set in, it just spread.
If they get a whiff, they'll abort.
As soon as it Stts to feel uncomfortable,
If he senses something's up, he'll run until you corner him and then he fights.
Any cichlid that trenches out will be snapped up.
Once you turn into a professional, that's it.
One of the downsides of celebrity we really do have no secrets.
By becoming terrorists, they're suddenly transformed into heroes.
Once you become a mother,
And once you do that, you can find cover and stage an effective ambush.
They become history， Nobody looks hard into that.
Oh, I don't return things once they're in my possession.
If that takes over it starts to look comedic.
And when I do they're gonna call you Joe the king.
Once this deal is done.
If he makes this sale we lose him.
Once that's done,
Without fail.
Once you've developed a relationship with the target,
And once you do that,
Once the deed is done call upon me.
Once that's done blast the passageway closed.
Once it's done, the siren's got to watch her back.
Once there, they can develop into young corals called polyps.
And once that happened, it started testing its ability to control our systems - electrical, environmental.
If it works, you have the ultimate prize 
Works out, you do some management.
And once that happens, you and I will disappear.
Because once they get that they're gonna be traveling around this country,
That it would have catapulted the team that stuck it straight to the top.
Be great if it was successful this time.
That, if successful, may cure Danny of his potentially fatal allergy.
And when the seduction is successful,
In one sweep, I can put an end to 1,000 years of civil war
So once we've made the plant, how do we get out?
Once the glam wears off, it's just a lot of hotel rooms lots of airports.
And once that happens everybody wins,
Once it does, I guarantee you.
On her marriage, your sister will become the Duchess of bisceglie.
Much may yet happen as it matures.
When the moment is right, we will ignite the beacon of the liberty!
If one addiction goes unfed,
Once created, the sense of heroin dependence is very difficult to shift.
It'll happen fast once I start。
One push of this, and you're bloodier than my steak.
Once I get everything I need, you will eradicate the other Kryptonian and then the rest of the planet.
If ever my husband were to hear of this.
If I get on this plane and you don't honor our agreement.
As soon as l'm done polishing my teapot, we can have a tea party with my dollies.
When I give the order,
When I give the order just like flipping the switch,
I'll have more information in a few minutes once I've been briefed by my staff.
When I have made up my mind, I have made it.
Well, you know, once I've made up my mind to do something.
Once terror goes away, fun moves in.
Once I stopped fighting it,
When I'm not governor anymore because I'm president.
Once I don't want to tell you how long. You want to tell her why?
The minute I stop being one, I become quite useless to you.
And once I'm not paying rent, I can help you outwith the mortgage.
If I can't... Well, I'm finished.
And when I don't force myself I'm loose?
Once I marry Joffrey, I'll be queen.
Once I get the authentic sounds of speech.
Once I get to know you.
When I shine the light act swiftly.
When I drag myself out of the relative comforts of my cramped office,
Once I get out of here, I want us to have a family.
Soon as I get out of here, all of this is history. I swear to you.
When I convict you on murder one, which I will,
Once we have the 30 second done,
Once we get to highway 58
Once we dock, wherever we dock, we're free.
When we got off the airplane,
Once we step outside.
Once we get down there, there's not gonna be any.
Once we download the shipping information,
Hey, I don't trust them as far as I can throw them.
And when we don't, there are repercussions
Think what a different world we'll live in as soon as
And you're alive only as long as we need you!
And once we're back on our feet.
And as soon as one of us wants anything more,
Because if we can do it,
Once we understand the conditions.
Once we understand them we'll know how to control them.
Once we get to know each other,
And once we understand the system,
Once we get to know each other, he'll understand.
Just as soon as our active ingredient stops swimming.
Once we start eroding that?
Once the details of what we accomplished here today are made public,
As soon as we get the green light from the commish, we're moving on him.
Soon as we get a signature from Palmer she'll tell us everything.
Once we get through the pipe below the guard's room,
One by one as soon as we step out
But we also maintain that once our London agents had contacted him,
When we move in together you can play, too.
Those books will provide us with a little culture once we get settled.
Once we're in, we can turn every webcam,
And once we securethese beaches, then planes can take offfrom that air strip.
And as soon as in our gorgeously flawed human way
Once we make a statement,
Well, if we do it, there's no turn in back.
Once we have final determination,
As long as we're psyched up for it
Once we say it's acceptable for people to start killing themselves?
If we've stumbled into one's territory
Once we start heading to that island again.
Once we pass this point, there's no turning back.
Once we step off on campaign, once this bird's ready and we're downrange,
Once we decide to man it does not matter how far it goes.
But if we're gonna do this, we're gonna do it all the way.
Once we got out of town, I just tipped him down a hill.
They're gonna read our heat signatures
We get off the train. 
Once we're outside of these walls, right?
Once we get out of here, it's every man for himself.
The minute we get over that wall, it's every man for himself.
Once we're on the March.
That once we left for Cuba,
When we get out of this I'm gonna fucking kick your fucking ass, man!
When we are born, that paradise is lost,
Once we arrive, mom takes over. You know your way around.
Once we get to the top of the mountain,
Okay as soon as we get there
Once we reach the harbour, in front of all the world,
Once we get there, so I can fix this.
Once we get to the dock,
Your lungs will get used to it until we're inside.
And once we get there,
Once we get to your place, we part ways.
Once we arrive at our new home.
We'll get some ice on it as soon as we get to the inn.
Once we get where we are going,
Once we get to the high - line, we got 15 minutes to pop the can and load up the truck.
Once we reach this position,
Once we get over there,
But once we got in, the Dutch -
Once we get over there, if we make too much noise,
Once we get there, you'll have less than an hour.
About what the new normal will be at galweather,
As soon as we make the sale.
Once we lock that into our brains,
Once we're involved India will have to diplomatically Alligned with the Russians.
Once we nail Tapia, you and me, we're over.
First sign of trouble she's cutting us off for good.
Once we unveil our new menu,
Almost as soon as we found him, he disappeared.
Well, once we locate the abnormal activity, the probes normalize it.
Once we find the tomb and get the map,
Once we discovered that she's the one who stole the triangle shirtwaist factory doorknob,
And once we find it you can have it.
And if we detect that your cover is in jeopardy,
The second we see they're dead,
If we find a large asteroid on track to collide with earth.
Once we find the tree
Anything happens to us,
Once our personal relationship began,
Once we have the telescope hovering over the latches.
As soon as we get that manual, she's got nothing.
We all gonna be more than paid once we own the connect, so.
Once we have it, she'll be irrelevant.
Once we're able to prove that you were aware of the hospital staff's suspicions of his practices,
Five seconds after we can afford it.
Had we been given free will we could choose to ignore the pain, like they do.
And then once we made the merge
Once we submit the school charter to the state,
It'd be irresponsible once otherwise.
Once we started to work it out, it sounded very fresh and new.
Once we get the sex we like, that's how the fuck we roll.
Once we got drunk together and went to the roof, and we started firing beer cans off of the.
Once we hit the ground,
Once we get back to the creek and meet up with the rest of our people,
Once we get back to the beach everything's gonna be fine.
Once we close the case
Once we close the case back in new York,
How long will that take to calculate
My enemies will be waiting for me once we return home.
If United 'there's action.
Once we run you and your clothes for GSR,
When we find one in the fossil record.
Once we land in paradise, I'll release the rest hostages.
Once we find footage of the two of you
Once we've made some generalizations
Once we find what I think we're going to find in that computer,
Once we put the word out on the street that you're the one that stole the drugs.
Just until we gain some traction in the negotiations.
Once we sign these papers, there's no going back.
The longer that we stay down here?
Once we're established here,
Once we're inside, we do not talk to each other.
Once we're on our path, there are limited chances to deviate,
The sooner we sort this out, the sooner they will feel like they can rely on us again.
Once we're done processing you, then you can go.
And if we don't have our dreams, we have nothing.
If we lose traction and float off,
And then if we were to miss a call,
And once we secure these beaches, then planes can take off from that airstrip.
By the time we learn to Live it's aIready too late
And once we secure these beaches,
And once we're clear, you're free to leave.
Once we are in the clear, you call the cops. Agreed?
Once we're safely away, I'll call my man, he'll leave.
And once we're settled in... No, it's great really.
I'll have my dad call the cops once we're safe,
When we perfect the formula,
Once we go through basic training,
After we've replenished ourselves
Once we're through with the investigation, you'll get it back.
As soon as we have a fix on assad's vehicle,
And when our experiments blew up,
The less consistent we were in our treatment of dogs,
And when we destroy it
It'll be short work once we get the rods across the river.
We're hoping you can help us once we have things narrowed down.
Once we get a political asset into the country,
As soon as we take that into the ancient world,
Once we start this offensive,
Once you have a government that's already in place,
Gonna get paid once by the pilot's widow
We even out this shit with Alvarez.
We interfere, subject could start shooting.
Once we do away with slavery, the Rebs'll quit fighting
As soon as we put up the site, they started selling like crazy.
Once we've established a pattern.
Soon as we can set up an uplink, I'll be able to figure out who it is.
It's a slippery slope once you start
We start a court - martial proceeding,
If we start transmitting,
Now once we start down that road.
Once we start thinking about things before big bang,
As soon as we impanel,
As soon as we started to move
Once we take this step,
How much information we're gonna find
Once we're up and running we're servants of a market
Once we start down the road of choosing characteristics for our children,
And once we open that door, your honor,
And once we have all our food together we can just take it all to the beach
I want you in place and ready to move when we figure this out.
Once we're strong, we're gonna fight our way South to the sea.
Once we've made up our minds there's far too much invested to back pedal.
When we get what we want, we will release her.
And once we have him?
Once we have the individual shadows, I can do a simple gait analysis.
Once we have Muhammad, we can take his power from him!
And once we have it, it won't matter what she claims.
Our loan is approved.
Once we access the protocol, we feed it to Tom and Dixon.
Once we have proof of life, the FBI will allow us to unfreeze your money,
Once we get the order,
Once we Antwerp we can negotiate for peace.
Once we get the manuscript,
Once we get this cure, none of this will matter because we can use it against them.
And as soon as I get word, I'm taking an unmarked car
When we have the bomb, then we'll get your friend help.
Soon as we get the money,
Once we get it, steal the ashes from her, and we're on our way.
As soon as we get clearance, we'll know where we stand.
We'll post further details as soon as we get them.
Once we get the key, we waste them. Yeah?
I'll make sure whatever information we get from her will be shared with your people as soon as possible.
Once we gather some more information,
And the minute we start forgetting that,
And the minute we're back on our feet, I am gonna pay back your investment
Once we're parents, we have to be a team. Deal?
And when we're finished,
I need you to mail this for me once we're done.
And that once we made it to Cuba, we would fight.
That will all change if we're successful here.
Once we decipher that code,
Once we successfully evade your evil clutches,
So, as soon as we... I got it.
And our blades would descend upon their heads,
Once we hit the whole neighborhood, we come back here,
Once we tape up these boxes, we can start loading the car.
Once we break that seal. How are we gonna re-pressurize?
Once we've whipped these blaggards, we can retake the ship at our leisure.
Once we do this, they're gonna realize someone's up here in a few seconds.
And if we lost you,
And once we have that name,
And as soon as we figure out who did this, we're gonna take them down hard.
You can explain everything to Craig
And when we do.
Once we find the right magazine, and everyone starts talking,
As soon as the passenger is located, Lauren will be taken into custody.
Once we find your daughter,
Once we've lined up on a suspect, there'll be a positive check on him.
And when we find that person
Now, that could change once we find this girl.
But he'll have to face charges when we find him.
When we find them, we have to get up next to them, okay?
As soon as we locate him, we'll bring him in.
Once we find him, I'll go back to mine. You afraid of stepping into his shoes?
When we find the count,
As soon as we have the pendant, he and his daughter can go home.
Once we find her we can solve that problem.
Cause when we find her alive,
And when we find it,
And when we do, we'll have the killer code
Once it is found and deployed
Once we find the laundry vent,
Once we get the chemical signature of the burn,
Once we hit our target,
We'll try to have someone contact you as soon as someone's available.
I want them ready to go in as soon as we find
Look, once we find the money, then everything's gonna be aII right.
Once we recover the black box, we'll know more.
As soon as we find her, you're going in.
We drew them out once. Maybe we can do it again.
Once we can get them all in the same place
Once we get him out of there, I'll need to separate the bones from the decomposing tissue.
We put his face out there,
And then once we got him outta there.
Once we close your palm, there are two possible scenarios.
Once we have you in custody.
We're gonna have to pack it or cauterize it
Once we send her in the room.
Once we get her on the plane,
I hope we'll be able to find them again.
Once we have got the guards,
Once we move our crappy stuff in here, it's just gonna look like our house.
Once we get these samplesback to the crime lab.
Once we kind of get better with this shelter
Once we've perfected the mold 
Once we suck the soul out, we'll need a place to contain it.
If we turn this campaign full - tilt negative, we can never go back.
Once we give her the cure,
As soon as we have the evidence in hand,
Once we pick up the load
That the minute we turn this over,
As soon as we set the vehicle in front of the building,
Once we pull this box down,
When we fire this baby up,
Once we've cooked through this methylamine and made our money,
Once we get these samples back to the crime lab.
Once we make this evidence it belongs to us
As soon as we deliver the feed.
Once we have extracted all the information we can from you,
As soon as I turn it off of where the sperm whales are
Once we have flash Gordon,
And when we get the rest of them,
We'll be sure to update you just as soon as we've made an arrest.
Once we caught him... Steve had no choice.
Once we capture him,
Once we have the others, you may return here and Iet your friend go.
Once we open for business properly,
Once we have Muhammad this machine will give us his power to not be made fun of!
And as soon as we figure how to put together this torturing device and find them,
When we've gotten the disc, we will explain the code
Once we collect the ransom
Once we get ahold of phone records, my sense is it'll come out quickly.
Once we have the uranium
Well, once we have the Bible, there'll be plenty of work to be done.
Meaning as soon as we get what we need from him, we're gonna recover you.
Once we've got the photos, it will be easy enough to identify him.
Once we get the translation, it'll be too late.
Once we get that capital, the stock will rebound and this lawsuit will be history.
To whom should I speak to have you removed
Once we have the money.
And as soon as we get those pages back,
Once we've named an object
Well, the minute we get loose,
Once we make it to the merge, it's smooth sail.
Once we have all the pieces
Once we got the hang of it,
And they will as soon as we have proof.
And they will as soon as we have absolute proof.
Once it's online, we can track it, so he's not gonna risk it.
Once we got them both we've got them.
Once we become this couple in therapy
As soon as we get near anyone on the inside, we could get shot.
Once we have control of the government,
As soon as we control the waterway, then we'll bring in air supports
As soon as we can stabilize this situation, then I'll take them,
Once we charge him he has rights.
Once we search their places,
Once we deal with this moonstone,
Call an ambulance once we're clear
Once we know what's going on, we can react appropriately.
Once we move to our new headquarters.
I'll let her rip, once we've cleared the blast radius.
Rolf: once we collect on the seeker,
Once we get that capital,
Once we have amassed enough flecks.
We can't find anything once we've put it down.
When we pull out all the stops, we can deal with anything and anyone.
The first chance they get to blow our brains out they'll try to make a break for it.
Because telling the world we killed 82 kids on purpose,
Once we rescue Jack, everything will be fine.
Once we rescue Jack everything will be fine.
They'll go back to normal once we rescue the girl.
And if we are discovered,
Unless we become active and become influential
When we finally do discover alien life.
Once we have transport capability and communications back up,
Once we have the others, you may return here and let your friend go.
Once we have the formula,
As soon as we get someplace safe,
And how, if we find that place within,
When we have this baby, we're the ones who are gonna be feeling helpless.
Once we have the results, we can make informed decisions about treatment.
I'll give you a call.
We can always call you as soon as we know something.
Now as soon as we have some concrete information, you'll be the first to know.
If we were a menace, we'd be dead by now.
You'd be surprised what we're capable of
As soon as we know something, we'll call you.
If we try and make a move, the other two are roaming.
When we know something,
And as soon as we find out anything more,
More information, I'll make sure you're told.
You know that as soon as we can get back on our feet,
If one of us starts leaning towards the alien theory,
The opportunities we had. The whole world was ours to grab.
The minute we kill this thing, You're next.
If and when we find something.
We'll let you know as soon as we find out.
We'll all sleep better
Soon as we know anything, we'll get back to you.
Once we get everything checked, shouldn't be any more problems.
Well, once we process the car
Um, it may turn out to be nothing once we take a look around.
Once we run you and your clothes for GSR, you're going down.
And, uh, once we're formally included,
If we are actually down here at the moment and analysing the latest drilling core that 
And they'll set the alarms off as soon as we set foot in the room.
And once we're all dead, they'll turn the ship's guns on the fleet
What does not kill us.
If we fall, they fall.
Once we cure him, share price goes up, I pay you back.
And once we fix pidge, we can celebrate
As soon as you are cured of whatever it is that is affecting you,
Well, once we match
And once we did, or thought we did, he just disappeared.
Once we're 'round the star,
I want you in place and ready to move
And once we lose them and get to the cars, we'll have plenty of firepower.
Once we got that, we won.
Once we land to board the Orient express, you are free to go.
Once our vans get there, we can start triangulating.
As soon as we have imbalance of demand / supply ratio.
If our forces are in readiness,
We fully intendedto reveal this evidenceas soon as our own crime labcould verify that
As soon as we spring Wyatt Earp over here, we can track their every move.
Once the equation tips
Once, our enemies worried us and persecuted us and, from time to time.
And once our system has been jolted,
Just as soon as we can get a little ahead.
And once our system has been jolted, the question becomes, will we survive?
Once our hiding place is exposed
If any of our operations are exposed, it could be devastating.
Once our devices become evidence,
Once our witness talks, you lose all leverage in a plea.
But as soon as we get our infantry established,
And if we are to believe this chain of events,
Once we have eyes on your man you'll be released.
When we land, you must go straight to your embassy.
As soon as we got something, we'll get back to you.
Once we know who he is
And once we have that name, we get you buying that gun there in Nevada.
Once we had the name, it waspretty easy to track the rest.
Once we know the structure, we can try to figure out how the protein works.
And once we find out he is one of them.
The moment we have proof of life, they'll allow me to unfreeze the account.
Once we see what's going on inside your body,
Once we know the departure date baek sung - ki's case is closed
And once we know how it flows.
Once we know who it was took us 
To make a move as we know what e kidnapper's game is.
And as soon as we know who's moving on,
I'll contact the group as soon as we know if Bauer's viable.
Once we break that seal, how are we gonna re-pressurize?
If we break our bond, no one will hire the second sons again.
Once we destroy the wild salmon population?
Once we unravel his need for darkness, we'll find him.
Once we break the encryption, we'll send you his data.
We swear that you'll be legal when we batter down the doors.
Once we have a location, we take him out.
The second we locate her, I'll call you. All right.
Once we determine the specific version of the toxin,
Once we ensure that you are not infected,
As soon as we can determine you absolutely weren't there,
And once we identify them?
Once we're sure everything works the way it's supposed to,
Once we confirm the suspect's signature frequency.
Once we know who they are, we'll fill in every detail of their lives,
As soon as we I.D. the engineer,
As soon as we confirm that the threat here has fled,
We'll handle that once we secure our perimeter and set up our positions.
Now once we get the all clear,
Once we get out of Overtown, we're as free as a bird.
Once we're on neutral ground,
Once we're gone, they'll have nothing but dust and radiation.
And once we leave the hardball here,
Once we leave the cramped car and get on the trail,
They're not at risk once we're gone.
Once we leave here, I will be out of control of what happens to you.
Hey,once we get out of Panama,
And once we get away from each other,
Remember we're gonna be out of radio contact once we go out of phase.
As soon as we leave Bessie tift college, we'll stop by.
As soon as we drop out of hyperspace, I'll start broadcasting on all radio channels
Once we're out of here into the woods.
Once we left, it was like smoky corners never existed.
Once we get clear of this trail,
Once we walk out of here, we make no guarantees.
You're dead once we're out of here.
He's gonna kill us as soon as we leave the bank.
And we move him, the regulator could move.
Once we get through the star cluster,
Once we cross 42nd street.
But once we're through this location,
Once we get past those, we can get to the information.
Once we've raised the money, we'll use it to put on the bus jump,
And once we sign those custody papers,
And once we signthose custody papers, he'll be one of us.
Once we start dating, well, he'll take me home to look mom
While we organize ourselves into an army.
And once we organize they'll see even guns can't stop us.
Once we're bonded, we can do this all we want
And no reproach on the subject of fortune
Once we're married, everything will be perfect.
Once we marry, we want children.
Once we are unified.
It'll be won't H much more, once we renovate.
Where are we gonna go once we get through that fence?
And once we're organized,
Because if we do, All of us die.
When we're done, it will.
Once we get to the show, we are talking millions.
The livelong day
Well, once we do get a hold of them,
Once we've taken control of the systems, finding them will be easy.
Soon as we can discharge you, we will.
Once we can understand and accept that,
But as soon as we do 
As soon as we can make a claim.
Once we're able to prove that you were aware
And once we get the password
And once we get the password we're home free.
Once we acquire the slgnal we'll move in
Once we have got the crime watch files,
Once we do this, they're gonna
If we get captured and have a gun to our heads.
You'll have a maximum of four hours of oxygen once we're cut off.
Once we have been received, you breathe and you do not talk.
If we're seen there will be no escape.
If we get accused of brutality
And if we get killed, we'll be lost in limbo till our brains turn to scrambled egg. Hmm?
And if we're apart
That in the course of justice, none of us should see salvation.
When we were out for mischief. It wouId keep us out of troubIe.
And you saw that I was an actual human being.
And once we've got that future sorted,
Once we've resolved this Ben - David issue,
Once we establish your client's claim as baseless,
Once we give him his driver's license, he'll be able to 
And once we got will and Caroline in the car with Caesar,
So as soon as we confirm it is not a spree killer, I will give you a call back.
Once we prove the segregation.
We can write our own ticket
Once we prove the other side really exists!
If we'd acted to stop may day,
That the moment we do,
Once we sort out his immigration status, we'll get him out.
Once we're in the clear, I'd like to check your circuits.
Once we're talking about interdimensional beings,
Uh, once we get all your information, detectives are gonna wanna speak with you.
The day we bless the private citizenry
Us winning means turning you loose.
For once we got public sympathy on our side.
And as soon as we get out of this room,
Bcause if we walk out that door you will never see us again.
Once we hit a side road,
And once we get any closer, I won't be able to go near you.
Nd they'll crush us if we go too far
Once we cross the Alps, we're safe!
Once we jump into our own reality,
When we come up close to the animal, we'll cut the engine and we'll glide in,
Every time we take one step outside the box for public safety,
Once out of hyperspace, there's a high possibility we won't be able to engage the drive again
But when we're out in the world, people notice.
And once we lose, it is over forever!
As long as we're making progress.
Once we get out past the second reef, that's where the big waves are.
Once we get across, we have no idea what's in that forest.
When a child from this facility gets arrested with a parent,
And once we're in,
Once we got in country, we moved off the main road.
But then once we're in their territory we gotta go on foot.
Yeah, once we're inside his system... Yeah,
Once we get in range,
And then once we get to the merge,
Once we are in range of destiny,
And when we play,
In combat, the only person you can trust.
Once we get into combat, the only person you can trust
As soon as we drop into normal space, he's going to be right on top of us, and tear us to pieces.
Once we're in the white room, I'll boot up their system.
And there could be torrential bleeding once we get in, so I just, 
Once we get out in the yard, it's gonna be a turkey shoot.
And once we're inside?
Once we're inside, there'll be more guards and cameras.
So you'll be able to talk to us once we go inside.
Once we get in there, There's no turning back.
And we're allowed in, so the ladies assume
Once we're inside, I'll bypass the safe's backup system
Once we get in here, you're on your own.
And once we're in there when she turns.
Once we're inside, there'll be more guards,
Gear protection as soon as we're inside.
Once we're in, we'll have two minutes
Once we're inside, I'll disarm the security system.
Bcause we go in that house,
Bcause we go in that hous, we might not come back out.
Well, we'll find that out once we track the call she made.
While we're getting out of here.
We can worry about the ankle bracelets once we get over the border.
Once we bust out of here, that CIA team is gonna be all over you,
Once we beat it out of the country. On what?
As soon as we've warned the ship
Once we go through basic Taining,
Once we're through the security gate
Once I've gone through my final testing we have a big clean down,
I 'll leave as soon as we do that.
Once we adopt your policy,
After we recover your evidence.
If we drop our rates, we have to shed staff. And you lot are first on my list.
You know, once we're finished with these skin grafts,
Once we isolate the glimmer,
And if we want to subpoena them later, then we can.
To move those barriers fast if we need them.
We should be able to raise Houston
And once we come to grips with the fact that it was
When we're airborne, with Germany behind us,
For once we obtain the good general's card,
Once we lead, the full force will follow.
How are we supposed to get back off the surface
So once we're over that line in international waters,
The minute we encourage him, he'll put it away.
The sooner we pool our resources, the sooner we can end this thing.
Just think what I may do once I get the knack.
So once I'm back, you'll get bounced.
Once I was in the hospital for a week I almost died.
Once my body temperature drops I'll stop shivering,
But once I do, I have orgasm after orgasm,
Once l make the dive turn, l'll have a tail wind,
Once I report in to the company, they'll take care of me.
Satan's creatures will take me should I stray from the path of peace.
Is that I'm gonna pick one and then you're gonna complain
You can't stop me, once my mind's made up.
When I'm king.
In doing so, I'll be a traitor. I accept that.
Once I did that blood thing - that was great politics.
Once I make this deal, none of it will matter.
You had no choice once I made my choice.
And if I stop.
If my son's arrested.
Once my son is stable, I want that thing out of his head.
And once I amp up the power to handle my new photonic processor,
When I advance as.
Once I get it on again.
That if I wrote this,
And as soon as I figure out what to do, you'll be the first to know.
Once I determined that no one else knew
Once l'd decided l was going to get that distance in 20 minutes,
And if and when I choose to leave, it will be on my terms.
Once I make it big, that'll all change.
If I make a mistake, she could come out of this catatonic.
As soon as I get out
I'll know once l get out.
Once I get out there, they're done for.
When it gets back to you, it'll really sting.
That I won't trust anyone if I get out
All of that will come back to me once I get out of here.
I will write as soon as I get out of here.
If them off, it wouldn't have been ten minutes
Once I'm there, I'll plug the end of this line as signal to stop.
Once I get to Switzerland, I'll arrange your exit visa.
Once I get to Chicago.
Who knows what Ives up there
Once I'm there, I could find the -
Once I'm there, I could find the - you're wasting your time.
But once l was there, l was hooked.
As soon as I get there, I'll put them on. Okay.
Once I'm inside, I'm puttin 'chrome to Israel's head and backing out hot.
Once I'm at home,
Who knows what lives up there.
If I start making exceptions the rules will lose their meaning.
Once I sell this place, you can come live with me.
Once I put it out, it ends for me. It's still your fruit.
Once I go after these people, they are going to come looking for you.
Anything happens to me in there? Everyone dies.
You don't want to be on the wrong end of me if I ever do.
And when I finally see an opportunity
If I ever learned that insurrection had spread across my ranks,
And when I find it,
Once I get him out of the way, then I'll have a clear shot at Blair.
Give me a call the second I find anything.
And I will get ahold of you as soon as I find anything?
If I ever find out you have touched another woman,
The minute I see you crossing that line, I will pull you back, understood?
You give me one reason to question that and I swear I will turn you in.
When I find out they're whores, I kick them curbside.
It always hurts me when I find they're not
If I ever discovered that my men had aligned themselves against me, I would raze this planet.
As soon as I figure out who it is,
I can signalas soon as I see anythingthat gives us cause.
And once I find out what's at the end,
If anything happens to me, if I go missing anything if I wind up dead,
When I publish.
When I publish my findings, I won't forget your contributions.
Once I get my break, I'll give you a luxurious life,
When my uncle sees the power of this dagger,
When my uncle sees the power of this dagger he'll believe me.
If I pull these tanks then the mainframe melts.
Once I'm soft you will question me and force me to talk.
If I tell you to stick this in his chest right here.
Let me know the minute I can visit you.
As soon as l could
Once l'm done eating, l'll forgive you
Once I synthesized the inhibitor,
Once I have devoured your world.
Once I told management, it was out of my hands.
Once I tell them where to look.
Once I tell them how our life is falling apart,
Once I tell him, I'm gonna want to go away.
You'll thank me for that once I tell you
Look, once I tell you, I can never take it back.
And by giving away the secret,
Once I show him who's boss with a few treats and some smacks.
It's not my job to keep on disagreeing with my officer once
That if I got that shot, that I would win it.
It gets a lot better once I get to know a person.
Once I sleep with someone, I get attached that's not good.
Once my machines and I are victorious,
Once my friends and I are safely out of town,
Once I drink this you're not going to see him again.
When I drink it I will cease to exist
One sniff something's not right.
As soon as I regain sensation in my extremities.
And once I get back to that plane
I think, when I get back, I'm never leaving it again.
So if I go back... I did that too.
Sir. Once I'm back, I want to find a friend first.
Once I get back to work, I can lighten her load.
Once I recalled the gall of that one
And once I turn my back，You want me to come back, huh?
If I pull acceptance to Tullius,
Moment I let some con float on credit,
And when I saw his name on the news, I came here to keep it.
But once I'm up, I'm solid.
Well, once I establish myself in this town.
Once I'm in the chair, I can create an energy surge
Once I'm in the chair,
And buried once,
Once I'm done here, I just have to strike the kill room,
As soon as I dispose of big daddy la Bouff,
And if l am denied this.
And I'm afraid if I lose you I'm going to make the wrong one.
The moment I lose my platform
Once I take that away from you
My dad's putty in mum's fingers once he's had his toad in the hole.
Once my mom's
Once my mom's "security device" pulled the space junk out of orbit,
Just in case my wife doesn't make it.
Once I accessed the CPU, the chip destroyed itself.
And as soon as I can save enough money,
But once I get settled, I'm gonna figure out a way to get in touch with you.
I'll send for my things
Once I've Changed completely,
Once I've changed completely,
But when this is done,
And once I've finished, another life has been summed up 
The new Sam and I will be back to our programming
As soon as my mission is accomplished,
And once I finish with this grace,
Once I fulfilled that role, maybe that's all I was ever meant to do.
Once I'm done with this expedition.
Once I make an arrest, turn the evidence over to the D.A.,
As soon as I have a precise idea of the situation, I 'll be in touch.
Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose,
Once I pointed you in his direction, it was only a matter of time till they caught him.
Now, when I get her on the stand,
If showed any fear at all, she'd spend the rest of the year eating me alive.
Everything to you as soon as I get you someplace safe.
As soon as I helped out the other team,
Right after I help her send the ghosts away.
As soon as I getmy strength back, I will take us back there.
As soon as l heal up and get out of here,
'cause if I start opening my mouth,
Once I'm open, I am not stopping to make a movie.
Once I activate the biometric handprint sensor,
Look, as soon as I trigger the overload, there'll be practically zero lag time before it blows.
Once I start this, it can't be stopped.
When I get going, it's hard to stop me.
Once all of these things started to come my way
Once I begin to sing, no one must enter the tent.
Once I go after these people,
I've never quit something l started.
Once I dial the stargate,
Soon as I'm earning, we'll get a proper place.
Once I turn on the charisma I can't turn it off.
The minute that I start thinking about vandalizing that house, I'll call you.
If I start talking about it
And the minuteI start questioning orders, this whole thing
If I begin the battery once again I will not leave
Soon as I find out what the next job is,
As soon as I clear this up, you can keep it, okay?
Once I force the goverment to give us the antidote,
Once I'm the boss, I'm gonna need some guys 
I'm the boss I'm gonna need some guys 
The minute my heart stops doing that at work, you get me out of here, OK? 
Once I got the nannies all sympathetic, I had to check their qualifications.
Once I get my doctorate,
As soon as I get mine
And that once I had the money I needed,
So as soon as I know anything, I will let you know.
Once I hit the jackpot, I'm done!
Once I've got her sources, I'm kicking strawberry shortcake to the curb.
As soon as I get her number,
As soon as I have the child I will to continue on as the seeker's wizard.
And when I fiinally got what I wanted.
When I get it, you'll never ask me to leave.
As soon as I have more information I'll let you know.
Once l receive confirmation of the transfer.
If I get this job, I'll be traveling all the time.
And peace of mind and that once I had the money I needed,
And once I do get pregnant, then everything will be like it was.
The thought that someone would degrade you
Once I know them, and then I'll call you.
As I'm about to call out to them.
And as soonas I want to do something fun, it's crossing a goddamn line?
If I was trying to look sexy,
As soon as l want something, l realise l can't have it.
If I think about it, then it's real.
Once I'd realised that,
And once I know that she's going to choose alpha,
Once I realized there was no possible future in this relationship,
And whenever I feel like I've identified an obstacle,
And as soon as I'm Bondo - ed back together,
And once l understood that l wanted to do it.
Once l become a famous voice actress,
So once I am his wife, choice will be much easier.
Once I am crowned queen of Camelot
And once I'm her serene Highness of Monaco, all meddling will be prohibe.
Once I'm a legal citizen, gonna bring them to America.
Once I'm your bride.
Once I make the call, there's no take backs.
Once I open this door,
As soon as we open the door, you're gonna make a run for it.
I try to move beyond my security clearance,
Once I grow the market here,
If I yanked that,
As soon as l approve these system status reports.
As soon as I find out
Soon as I find out what the next job is, go ahead and call the cops.
But when I find out, he's gonna pay.
I devote timeto anyone else, you'd end up stalking me and harassing them.
Once I find a prey, I won't let him go
When I found a way to make free money I forgot about everyone else
And once I did.
Then when I pick up a hot piece of ass, I'll drop you,
And when I do, they're gonna pay.
And after I find him, I'll come and join you.
Once I find it, 
Once I do, you're out of the mix.
Once I have what I'm looking for,
And I can assure you that I intend on living
As soon as I find him,
That if I got to know him
When I find him, I'm gonna make that cat wish never born.
And one I intend to ask just as soon as I find him.
And when I find him, I'm going to kill the bastard
As soon as I find him, I'm going to call you first.
They're the ones I'll get home first once I find the orb.
When we find her.
And once I find it,
And when I find it, you will see.
If I had the resources I could deal with him, I could hunt him down.
Once I find the final journal, I'll rule this town!
And once I find the machines?
Judge Fitzwilliam will change her tune
And once I've found the right pathway,
Now, once I find the crystal.
Who should I call once I find agwee?
Once I find out what the hell my business is,
I'll get you my new address as soon as I have one.
Once I give it to them, I'll be no use to them.
Once I settle things off, everything will be okay.
And underage drinking charges with the University,
Once I turn you over to homeland,
And I'm not even going to ask him to apologize once I've burned you out of him.
I 'II probabIy find out more once I get her diary transIated.
Once I get itback to the garage, I can boostthe processing power.
As soon as I get through with this job,
They would've killed me
And once I show them the real you.
But if I were togive myself to you, you wouldrun for the hills,
Once I wire the money, that's it.
After I give it to them, then I leave this continent forever.
When I get something on him, it will be something that'll stick.
When l get something on him, it will be something that'll stick.
I'm going to make it a sausage as soon as I catch him.
Because once l'm done with you, you'll are done for!
And then once I got him, I turn to your camera and I say,
I'll file my report as soon as
Once I own an army of slaves, what will I be?
Once I own them， these men - they're not men. Not anymore.
And once I have yours 
And when I have the power of confession, there will be no more war, no more strife.
Once I have that power no one will stop me.
When I take king's landing, I'll bring you Joffrey's head.
That once I have taken forli, I will deal with Naples.
That once I have this box with the evidence she found, it will convince you, too.
As soon ASI have my codes.
Once I have the manuscript page in my possession,
Once I have the package, I bring it down here to you, and you put it out.
As soon as I get the recording,
When I have it, we have to involve your father.
The bounce wiII stay in my step as Iong as I get my share.
Once I have Mjolnir, I will return the items they've stolen from you.
Once I get all the photos and the negatives,
Once I get a search warrant in here,
As soon as I start getting more hours, the first thing I do is get my own place.
When I get the cash.
And once I get my money, we can go back to being friends.
Once I've recouped my million,
If I point that out, I'm a bitch.
Anwhen I get through this,
And once I've got the, the pampered little shits.
Uh, once I capture and digitize the sound waves, the conversation can be reconfigured like this.
That when I got the corner office 
But then I mastered it and I moved on.
Now, I'll explain everything when I have all the information,
And once I get power, I do not let it go.
Once I'm tapped as head of witsec I can be an even better friend.
Once I take care of them,
Once I control the demons,
And if I cover it, it puts the spotlight where it belongs:
As soon as I straightened out the Russian problem.
And once I close, I'll be setting a new record.
But as soon as I get this listing - Ding!
Once I override the standard guidance protocol.
As soon as I air it,
The only person who's gonna bleed is you.
Once I've unpacked, I'll bring you my shirt so you can mend it.
I'm out of time here,
And once I finally let myself say it,
Bcause soon as I get one arm free, I'm gonna kick your sorry ass.
As soon as I've got anything.
And once I have yours - uh!
Once I have the stealthy desire to steal.
Once I have girls
Once I have all three boxes,
There'd be no escape from power once I have it.
It's no good for you to stay so long as I have this fear of myself.
Once I have the key.
Soon as I get my license, we should just get in a car and drive -
And once I have it, I'll free him from the palace
When things don't go right, he takes it personally.
And if anything happens to me.
If I get any kind of hit, I'll keep you in the loop on that.
To pull the trigger and gas division
As soon as I get up the nerve.
As soon as I find something to help get these murder charges off of her back,
When would I find the time?
Every chance I've ever had at happiness, you found some way of ruining it.
As soon as I get a chance - we've gotta go.
I'm gonna quit while I'm ahead.
I have a 100% chance of dying from the disease.
As soon as I have the money for a down payment.
One minute I wanna kill you, the next minute you got me.
Once I get a fortifying lunch here I am moving onto landscaping.
If I get loose, you'd better pray
Now, once I shoot you, they'll realize I'm serious about killing that detective.
Once I find out where this shooter's staying.
What would you like me to do
If I check to see what's behind door number one,
Once I've calibrate it correctly,
When I die,
That if l die - you won't.
Gives you control off all my assets in the event of my death
Marlboro lights, please.
A bag of Earl grey on the side,
One pack? But get your jacket first.
A bag of crystal meth was placed over her face,
A bag of soya chicken wings and a bag of sausages
One pack of antimatter could power an entire city for a month.
Pack of gum.
Bubble gum.
You gonna write off a pack of gum? Every little bit counts.
The camera for a bag of coke?
A pack of gitanes is ten francs.
Packet of Drooble's.
Recovered at the scene.
Four or five cigarettes in a carton,
See a nice bag of soft cotton balls
Pack of luckys?
A pack of lucky strikes?
Clark bar. Keep going.
Packet of Barclay blue ribbons, please. Yes, sir.
Package of whatever the fuck I tell you to pick up, bitch.
One bag and I'll toss in a licorice whip.
I'll take a pack of Nicorette gum and a pack of Kools.
Pizza rolIs for 3 bucks?
A little bag of styles, man, a little bag of styles for you.
A pack of prima.
Have this bag here of nondescript beans
A bag full of euros, a high - tech heater
Brick of coke she has could help with that.
Bag of drugs in full view.
A bag of burgers. Burgers?
Packet of gravel. Should be a good one this afternoon.
Pack of fatimas.
A bag of potato chips doesn't have a warning,
And a packet of concentrated prune juice
A pack of cigarettes, some candy, aslice of cheese.
Packet of fags. See that rock down there with four white spots on it?
A pack of smokes. Uh, Could you turn that up?
Pack of cigarettes. Congratulations.
A pack of smokes. I don't smoke.
Longer than a pack of cigarillos.
A pack of cigarettes'll buy you several notebooks!
One pack of cigarettes. Thank you.
Size of a pack of cigarettes.
Pack of smokes and brown thunder .- don't get cocky, boy.
How much is a pack of toothpick?
A bag of flour should.
One burst and he's dead in five minutes.
A blow pop, two red bulls,
So, a blow pop, two red bulls,
Was a packet of tetracycline for my chickens.
Like suet in a bag.
A cigaret pack!
One package Phillips head screws. Check.
Bag of chips, please. 
A bag, a bag of chips, big or small??
A bag of potato chips, sir, and a box of condoms.
A pack of seniors.
One and then wrap around.
Got my wad of cash out. She looked proper sick.
A packet of crackers and half a banana.
A packet of biscuit! Thanks, buddy!
And a pack of cigarettes.
One pack of cigarettes, a gallon of whisky
A packet of embassy, please. I'm sorry.
Pack of cigarettes. What's that? This?
A packet of sausages... That's because... The fishing rod.
Pack of cigarettes, sweetener, and a hot dog wrapper.
A packet of butter please. Only half a packet.
One teaspoon. You're all done.
Just one spoonful
45 will stop a Jap better than a clip of your carbine.
There were just bolts of fabric, and you know it wasn't cheap.
A midsized zebra?
A thoroughbred steed of his chosen color.
And one's worth a few thousand
Well, one down by Trafalgar square.
A healthy horse.
A big, white stallion.
A horse who's in bed after just having a heart attack.
Stallion named bloodline.
That's a horse dying.
A large wooden horse? I'm sorry?
A big paper horse?
A good horse has a strong fierce gait.
A lone wolf.
A pony?
A pony? What's his name?
What about a pony? You want a pony?
It's a pony.
A great, big wooden horse.
Here, a young mare and her foal are seen romping
The colt, when it was born,
A fast horse.
That I could ride ride ride.
A zebra.
Can a zebra? Sentimental favorite, stripes.
There's a new stud in town,
A horse with no name.
A horse.
A Hollywood horse.
The horse is chestnut
I want continental accent.
A horse with no name or legs.
A welcoming sunrise greets retired stallions
He rides a pitch - black steed
A sick horse was gonna get us, huh?
On a great white horse
White horse hair. 
How about a pony? I'll get you a pony.
A pony and basketwork chaise the trap for ladies.
A pony ride,
A stupid horse and me.
A tired stud.
A thoroughbred. And I'll name him Walter.
It's a Pinto. It's eating my organic apples!
A Pinto doesn't fit in the winner's circle of thejunior hunter classic.
A piece of blue silk and ten cease cloths
One for each year of tribute.
A Shetland pony!
Own a racehorse,
A horse like this 
An Appaloosa filly named after your son.
A Pegasus - how much?
An aerodynamic horse would need a breastbone 10 feet wide, a wingspan of 80 feet.
A horse? A race horse.
A horse. A horse.
A horse! A horse. Hey, I need your horse.
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
A horse, a yak.
A horse? No.
A horse! Put in two and two together.
Why would a horse eat glitter?
A horse, for starters?
A horse? You dragged me all the way across town to show me a horse?
In a one - horse open sleigh hey
Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one - horse open.
A horse? Dignity?
A pony, and a pink canopy bed included.
10 cents for a horse and rider, wagon 1 dollar, 50 cents for extra weight.
A horse. Horse. Hey, I need your horse.
A horse at its peak will win derbies.
Of seeing a horse stroll in hang out.
A pony? She isn't got no face left, you give her a mangy pony?
If you don't break a horse it will never be tame, Kirill. 
If you don't break a horse it will never be tame, Kirill.
One horse was enough to scare them all away.
Last week one of the horses vanished.
One horse survived
One of the horses came down with colic 
A horse ate my homework. Really.
How many legs on a horse?
How many legs on a horse and how many on a hen?
At the distance of the current race.
A kingdom for a horse!
A kingdom for a horse! Coooock!
A horse, armour and soldiers. That you will get.
A horse. Red horse?
A horse can smell the city on you.
A horse, that's true!
So just cause a horse won its last few races,
So a horse walks into a whore house,
A horse, he walk into a bar.
A horse walk into a bar. And the barman say,
One of the horses got away.
A horse kicked him.
A horse, and a mother rabbit and a father rabbit.
A horse. Another one?
A horse? This is the curse to end all curses.
A horse, he have a long face. long face, yeah.
A pony... When there's no telling what the future holds.
One horse is carrying a hundred pounds, the other one's got 50.
An up and comer who's now a down and outer.
Attention category 1 personnel.
1 St district public order squad.
Section one， Ready.
District one is located on the Isle of dogs.
Zone one is painted green for 1315.
Zone one clear. Zone two clear.
Sector one covered.
What's area one?
Zone one, negative on the target.
Division - one detectives matched fingerprints
An anonymous caller said they saw an intruder
One hundred thousand possible ways.
And 12. Excuse me, sir.
Eleven hundred？
Eleven, twelve, fourteen hundred,
A thousand? $10,000?
I'm so, so sorry.
Thanks a million.
Eleven hundred what?
1,116 miles.
And 1,177 men still lie entombed in the battleship Arizona.
Eleven million Jews could hardly be disposed of in this way.
Or 11.395 million!
1,100 men went into the water.
Eleven hundred block of.
Eleven and a half million? What?
It's a little over $1,700. Why?
And 17 million motives.
Seventeen million people. This was a country,
17 million people watched that show last night.
17 million and change. Oh, yummy.
1,700 boxes.
Seventeen - hundred American.
Ten million? Fifteen?
The way the wind's blowing.
But it's a huge amount of money.
10 mil's a lot of greenbacks, killer.
About 10 million very good reasons to kill my wife.
Five percent of its ten million people,
Of our victim's $10 million life - insurance policy.
10 million become orphans.
Add 10 million for the Russian gulags.
Look, ten million people are about to die.
10 million die.
Of at least a million volts
Ten million, but that gives you the identity of the saboteur.
A million， do You have a million dollars?
$10 million bond, $2 million cash.
What about our $10 million
Ten million dollars... In bars.
The ten million dollars marked for kozlenko.
Ten million dollars is not enough.
One payment.
Every 10 million or so cases, it sets off a chain reaction.
A thousand thank you.
And ten million in 10s. You want any fives with that?
10 million roubles, as promised, with my gratitude.
Ten million rupees, Jamal.
10 million in negotiable U.S， Treasury certificates.
$10 million is a hell of an expensive dinner.
1 million!
10 million, huh... That'll take me a while
Thirty million more
$10 million has just been transferred into the assassin's bank account.
10 million years ago
Tens of millions of years ago,
10 million? That's a lot of money.
Ten - million dollars. Where do they get these numbers?
Sold for $10 million.
$10 million, and we'll be warm.
Ten - million dollars. I'll write him a check and get it over with.
Ten million's a big number. - I've decided to pay.
10 million is double what any competent attorney
Ten million euro, boy!
$10 million for exclusive distribution of island white, in cash.
A cushion of $10 million to rest your head on.
I don't know - $10 million in my ATM account.
Ten million. Really?
10,000 million,
What about the ten million dollars?
10 million will be deposited into her bank account.
10 million in public funds was to be released
10 million can fund a nice little coup.
Well, there's $10 million missing.
Ten million dollars. That kind of money can rattle people.
How about $10 million? Wow. Ten million?
Ten million us dollar
The gaping hole where $10 million used to be?
You have the ten million? Do you have the money?
OK, ten million of us will be divided into two 15 - gallon black canvas bags,
Ten million in 10.
10 million on turk to win.
You get 30% of $10 million. Not bad
10 million into your account,
10 million wasn't enough?
Ten million. That's all we know.
We had ten million peoplewithout high school diplomas vote in the last election.
Ten million? Well that's more than the Germans want!
All 10 million.
A thousand three times sold.
13 million pounds! How could you be so fucking stupid?
13 million pounds. I'm fucked. Have you gone fucking mad?
Thirteen is our number, but this is not open - ended.
Thirteen million pounds!
Thirteen million pounds. I'm fucked. Have you gone fucking mad?
1,300. Yes. We do very well with it.
1,000? No, 100.
A thousand... No, that's not enough, it was.
A thousand... Two.
Isn't 1 ,000~2,000 won money?
A thousand twice.
I'm about twelve hundred and 75 dollars, United States dollars, I reckon.
12.2 Million.
12 million. 15 million.
Of oil a year in the U.S.
Twelve million and he's dismissed the counter claim.
1,250 there. 1,300?
Twelve hundred us Marines would land in Grenada for several days.
That'll meet your $1,200 monthly payment.
There goes 1,200 bucks.
Twelve hundred dollars. We cover room, board and transportation
Twelve hundred miles for a kiss.
Tens, hundreds of times!
A thousand people - that is a good round number.
A thousand people freezing their butts off, waiting to worship a rat.
A thousand kisses, mommy.
A thousand pardons, my Lord.
What do you call a thousand lawyers.
A thousand times yes!
1,000 pickup trucks in a gravel parking lot?
Nothing can stop us.
You get a thousand helium balloons attached to you
A thousand narfs is about a rare narf.
One thousand guards and one prisoner.
So with a thousand sweet kisses
A thousand. So sleep tight.
A thousand moments,
And 1,000 that the Numidian makes it through alone.
A thousand, easy.
A thousand faults, and I should be forgotten,
How much could you pack？
1,000 bells are ringing in my heart.
One thousand long, slimy crocodile tongues,
1000 Arabs means 1000 knives.
1,000? Why would - that is so like you, Henry,
Figure 19 to be safe.
1 200 for the two. You told Max 1 000.
Twelve hundred dollars is a little rich for my blood, Harry.
1,200! Where the fuck are we gonna.
It's 12 mils, no way.
The full 12, I'll gift it.
You call an 1800 mile drive.
1,200 I've got to give to abstinence people?
1,200 cases?
There's $1,200. Do I hear $1,250?
1200 marks at Blorna's.
$1,500 a weapon?
15 hundred! That means a thousand five hundred!
One and a half then, that's my limit.
15, 20 million dollar paychecks, magazine covers.
$15 million.
$15 million, that changes people. Yeah, well, that's what we're hoping.
Fifteen. But, uh, but I don't think that the villa.
Fear tower 3 is installed on 15 million computers.
If 15 million is more important to you than your child.
1 5 million weedy lives will give their vote for this song.
Fifteen million satisfied customers can't all be wrong.
Fifteen million dollars.
Call it 15 million.
Out of 15 million dollars.
One thousandfive hundred
1500 Marines waiting to foIIow you down that net!
There was 1,500 people here with two toilets.
Six out of 1,500.
$1,500 going twice.
$1500, 10% service charge total is $1750
Fifteen hundred dollars? My God.
$1500. Deal or no deal?
1,500 sides. Thousands of shutters.
1,500 square feet, service elevator... It's perfect.
Fifteen hundred years ago.
Written 1500 years ago.
A 1500 year old civilization 
And of the warrior classes remained fundamentally unchanged
Fifteen hundred pounds.
1500 meters.
$1,500 for each of his.
1,500 for your sacrifice.
Fifteen hundred.
1000 Mou is too much
Tens of thousands of people
A thousand, maybe more.
So did a thousand other men.
And a thousand can become 10,000.
A thousand people are dying as we speak.
A thousand people,That is a good round number.
A hundred billion people have lived here.
Million... Yen.
100,000 million neurons in constant synaptic communication
$100 billion sunk into infrastructure
A hundred billion stars,
More than a 1000 bucks.
Thousand counterfeit goods and handbags,
One thousand mothers here have each sewn one red stitch.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Are you out or your fucking mind?
Oh, a thousand or two times, give or take.
A thousand times more processing power,
A grand. No more bets.
Thousand a hand.
It's $1,000. Why not?
A thousand! Can you really spare all that?
Ten grand is all you get... Bartender.
A thousand dollars? To do what?
A thousand lire，show me. I see luck and happiness.
That much?
A thousand megatons, give or take?
I'll be dead in 1,000 light years.
There's a kilo of Colombian bam - bam under the car. Time to be a man.
A single kilogram of white Swiftlet nest cost 2 grands
SelIs for 20 million a kilo.
$1,800 a month.
18 million in cash gone missing.
$18 million to $20 million minimum,
Eighteen mill and all claims dismissed?
Around 18 million years ago,
Eighteen million dollars, what the hell is that?
Eighteen is better, but two is nice.
$18 million goes missing.
And over 18 million viewers were captivated.
1,800 bucks.
One thousand eight hundred with four adapters for free?
One thousand meters and closing.
$1600, no, my fee is now.
Sixteen million.
16 million Swiss francs.
And $16 million for pain and suffering.
Sixteen hundred.
1,000. Higher.
A thousand! First place! We win!
A thousand points to laugh like crazy about!
$98 for 1000 minutes, come on!
1,000 gallons of gas, air and water filtration, Geiger counter.
A thousand units of what?
Who's on 1,000 rupee note?
Nobody's gonna believe a thousand.
Thousand rabbits fought four giant anteaters and a Brachiosaurus?
As a thousand elephants will converge during the eclipse.
Whoa. 1,000? It's kind of a thing.
One thousand cigarettes? Are you crazy?
A thousand eyes,
a thousand eyes. what could that be?
A thousand eyes. What could that be?
1,000 red ants
Will $1000 do?
A thousand volunteers?
A hundred of the 1,000 Japanese soldiers
One thousand archers of truest aim.
A thousand qualified shooters.
A 1000 people when asked, 
A thousand people were asked if they could know in advance.
Crammed with 1,000 tons of ammunition below deck?
One thousand? En.
14 million people.
14 million Americans were out of work.
A country of 14 million.
$14 million.
1,400 volts. That's much better.
A little over $1 400.
One thousand dollars, yeah!
One thousand rounds.357 magnum, steel core.
One thousand rounds.380 soft points.
$1,000 a month.
One thousand bananas a month,
But $1,000 a month. Why, that's impossible.
One dollar each! Thank you.
A thousand?  a thousand!
$1,000 a hand.
A thousand! No!
That's not expensive
That's a thousand bucks. Twenty seconds. Let me take over!
Do you wanna fuck him the pair of you, for a grand?
A thousand dollars? Barry, your friend is a high roller.
Say $1,000. How does that sound to you?
$1,000 to you, sir.
It's a grand buy - in. Hope thas not a problem.
A thousand bucks and they're yours.
That's a thousand bucks. Twenty seconds. Let me take over! - no.
Is a dollar enough?
A thousand bucks. And she wants more.
Then $1,000, okay?
A thousand seems so high.
And a huge grin for the $1,000 note.
Forget the thousand bucks.
To do a hit for about a grand.
A grand will do.
A grand. We're paying a grand.
I could do that for about a grand.
For $1,000, I'll take you around the world.
I don't have change.
That's equivalent to 60,000 Japanese yen
$1,000? Get out of here
A thousand bucks for flipper?
A thousand I leave here for seed when I get back.
Just a thousand us, all by myself.
A thousand bucks you miss that putt!
A grand says I did.
A talent? That's more than he earns in a month!
A thousand? That's a lot.
A thousand dollars a night?
One thousand dollars for the life
It costs 1000 dollars 
Here's $1,000!
This thousand bucks... Yeah.
For a thousand, you can't even look at the boat.
It's a little over a hundred thousand.
More than ten million.
A thousand thieves, rapists, murderers.
We got thousands of people counting on us
A thousand men and women endured a three - month siege.
It's over a thousand days, man.
More than a thousand years
Thousand years' worth.
More than a thousand years ago.
For over 1,000 years they have gathered at the foot of Kailash
In the remote lands of Tibet for over 1,000 years
A thousand years ago, farmers brought fresh goods here to the city gates.
Thousands of years. So I don't know,
For millennia, I have dreamed of my return to that wretched planet
Handed down from generation to generation
There hasn't been a true seeker in a thousand years.
More than a thousand years have passed
Was over 1,000 pictures and magazines
Over 1,000 stars.
Will a thousand do it?
About $1,000 worth of yum.
One thousand kellicams and closing.
A thousand cattle would attract a million flies,
A thousand cattle would attract a million flies, which is more than I care to SWAT.
A thousand.Okay, a thousand once.
A thousand words, not a single fact except for the verdict.
A thousand words on store card APRs?
A thousand words by Friday.
And the guards?
1,000? You're short.
One thousand, just one thousand
In a thousand years.
A thousand years and a thousand more
And when the thousand years are expired,
A thousand years ago a great battle was fought here.
1,000 years ago now.
A thousand years from now
A thousand year's time.
For 1,000 years,
Warehouses have gotten along
For a thousand years, I've been forced to watch you,
The sun was powerless to penetrate.
One thousand years ago,
A thousand years ago, you brought your wolves among the Vikings
The founding of the uniting ranger corps one thousand years ago
A thousand years ago, this land was green and good.
A thousand years ago, the crystal cracked.
A thousand years ago, a great battle was fought here.
But if it's been 1,000 years, how do you know?
Over 1,000 years old
A thousand years ago, there was a great conjunction.
In a thousand years, they'll be barbecued
In a thousand years, even you may be worth something.
See you in a thousand years.
What they'd be likea thousand years from now.
If we had a thousand years, we wouldn't know it.
And a thousand years later,
In a thousand years. Too soon.
Maybe you're just bored after a thousand years.
A thousand years. I promise.
A thousand years might be enough
For a thousand years, she has been the light of the world.
Head of an unbroken line that goes back more than a thousand years.
For 1000 years I have watched you.
It's been my dream for a thousand years
Nothing like this would be made for another thousand years.
The secret of the Grail has been safe for a thousand years.
Dying by the thousands? Stop.
A thousand years this city has stood.
The first true seeker in a thousand years.
A thousand years to the time lines.
A thousand years have passed.
The man named Charleston that you met
A thousand temples or sanctuaries or statues, whether dedicated to me.
Republican votes single - handed.
Like a thousand of them.
Thousand and I'll raise you a fifty.
A thousand e.M.Guns.
A thousand! More like ten thousand! Can't you see it's French lace?
A grand? That a problem?
A thousand yellow daisies.
A thousand clouds of peace fence the sky; love, your being love will never 
A thousand lives are at stake here
To have a thousand with red burning spits
Muscle memory starts at 1,000 repetitions.
A thousand times good night!
A thousand times, catching people telling lies every time.
One thousand francs?
A thousand guilders? I'm sure l'm grateful to him.
A thousand guilders? I'm sure I'm grateful to him.
One thousand? Look what you're getting.
The exam is a thousand yards, minimum 3'20 to make detective.
A thousand pounds? - Yeah!
A little over a thousand pounds.
A thousand different tox screens?
A thousand different diseases that start with a stomachache.
To the ocean floor 1,000 metres below.
Thousands.
A thousand dollars on the head of each man.
A thousand dollar bottle of wine,
Thousand bucks? You're killing me, Ziggy. How bad do you want this to end?
Thousand bucks, huh? And it's on all night?
A grand? Mmm.
We have our $1,000 winner.
There goes a thousand dollars
1 000 dollar bills seem to taste best.
A little matter of a thousand - dollar deposit.
$1000 and imprisonment in a common jail.
Gee, thanks.  Now you only owe me Iike what, six gees?
A thousand dollars? That is outrageous.
A thousand dollars? That's a lot of money.
$1,000? Come on.
Pay'em a thousand bucks,
And a thousand dollars.
A thousand bucks to sit on the set of living in reverse.
A thousand bucks. Tell them why.
And a thousand dollars. Is something I'm very interested in！
One thousand feet.
A thousand feet and gaining speed, sir.
There's not a lot of swimming under a thousand feet of ocean.
1,000 miles away.
A thousand miles and more.
A thousand miles of concrete, if that's what it takes.
Would you like to play for a thousand pounds a game?
WouId you Iike to play for a thousand pounds a game?
1,000, you know what I have.
A thousand. Thank you.
And 1000 if the Numidian makes it through alone.
A thousand pardons, vizier. With our armies fighting the Huns
Let's make it $1,000. - let's go back to $50.
A thousand times “no”， We have the future to think of.
A thousand times. It's still funny though.
About a thousand miles.
A thousand lire.
A thousand pounds? I thought you said it was a "Not to be worth a hair" place.
Let me have five hundred of my thousand.
A thousand pounds. I imagine he always anticipated this day.
Arabian nights?
You know all 1001? How about 406th?
Pinpricks of light that have inspired a thousand and one tales
How many girls are there?
Of the thousand and one nights?
And a thousand twenty for me if you miss.
1000 won.
A thousand marks.
1,000 mark bills. 50 piles of 20 bills each.
600 zlotys.
And I could let my fear take over at first and my face,
A litre of beer.
A litre of beer. I'll be right back.
But you put on air once you were promoted.
A quart or so.
A liter or a gallon - whatever you can get your hands on.
A liter wide open!
A liter wide open? Yeah, and ten of Reglan.
One liter saline bolus, and get her head down.
The liter bottle is the thing that caught on.
A liter of oil generates as much energy.
A liter of fibrocedextrosein normal saline, two milligramsmagnesium sulfate,
Half? Half a million?
Half. One hundred dollars.
Fifty - fifty?
It's kind of half way.
Half. Half, you say.
Half, half. Only half. Yeah? Which half?
About 50/50.
Ah, it's fifty - fifty.
You are half right, she told me to follow you.
Half and half. All right.
Half an order of both?
Half， Half is fine.
It's a toss - up. I hope she does the soup thing.
Mix them both half and half and drink twice as much.
A half and half for me.
50-50 shot, just like I told you, right?
50-50. For everyone who died in that hospital, someone else survived 
Some, sir.
A half... A little, itsy - Bitsy, tiny glass of wine.
Half? A third.
Half of me Didn't like it.
Half. I don't know.
Half. 200 grand in cash.
Half vampire and she's ignorant of it.
Half - human and half some other race.
Half of those are males.
She's ltalian and some German.
Half of the fun is watching the blind musicians try to make it to the stage.
No lunch to eat.
Not a half.
Half amazing, half terrific.
Halfthis way! The rest over there.
50% live feed, 50% prerecorded.
Half the men ended up either
Half couldn't locate new York state on a U.S. Map.
Half of what's going on out there
Half the people will think I did it. This is going to follow my career forever.
Half of us will go to San Diego the other half l.A.
Half of these people 
Half of them she's told. I think she's actually
Half of us can't even stand up
Half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another?
Half of people won't make it
Half theclass is out with P.T.S.D.
Half - human, half - angel.
Part human, part time Lord.
Half of humankind tilIs the soil,
And part human as ancient astronaut theorists believe?
Half the staff's still out with the same bug,
Half of them can't even drink yet.
Half of them she's told. 
Yeah. Half the team.
What half?
Over half of whom are non-emergent, under - insured, and belong in a primary care physician's office.
Half of those people are going to die.
Half of the mine covers only the cost of our opposition.
Half the Shire's been invited.
And half of those women were wearing black.
More than haIf of them said,
More than half of all the waodani died from the spears of other waodani.
Half of all prohibition agents accept bribes
We harvest in this country gets thrown away.
Odds - on favorite.
And half of them have been redacted.
Down the middle then chop it
It was partly as an anthropologist and partly as a dancer
That will do it for half that. It's Asian Americans.
At half the price.
Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning.
Half all the seeds you plant,
That I'm supposed to be!
Part traditional and part molecular!
Half a count?
HaIf of something you want.
Half your guys were at that football game, okay?
Half. Well, and look what he's done with them.
And 50% of his debt was $10,000.
Half of the world's cash reserve? Impossible.
So, half your brother, and half Naomi's?
Like a cantaloupe and a Ziploc bag of mushroom soup.
And half of them are.
Oh, half and half instead of whole milk? Yes.
The one half Communist the other half democratic.
Half Excited, half Confused, half Nervous and half Pukey.
I lost half my essay.
Half the mothers that come to us say that.
Half the amount?
Massive glaciers covered half of North America.
Partial's better than nothing.
Kind of half and half. Order， Order, order.
Half of Washington watched him shot on live television.
I'll even get half plain half green peppers.
Half the vics are on the ground, the other half are getting roughed up and robbed.
Half the vics are on the ground,
50% of the poll Didn't know what "concierge" means.
Part gypsy.
Half of you were asked to list three features of the person.
Half "list?"
Half now，or we give this back.
Half of it. And the other half no one controls,
Owns like half of Chinatown.
Enough diamonds to fill half your beer Stein.
Half of me liked it.
Half Mount Everest.
Half because everyone is sick of your garbage
Half the country's freezing.
Half of them had prenups in their prior marriages.
Half there than mine. There's all over us.
Only half in the water not enough to live,
Half of them are doing shows 
Half in, half out anyway.
Twin over here and the other twin on the other side of the room.
Half of you on this side and half on the other side.
Half of them are here and half are 30 miles away at Virunga, and that's it.
Half in and half out.
That bicycle with the pipe bomb in it.
‘Over half '? The president's life is at stake.
Over half? The president's life is at stake.
Half - top hat, half - beret. All the rage.
Half Catholic and half Muslim.
Gonna laugh at me, too, right? Okay.
If all goes well in the O.R.,
Half. She's only half vampire.
Half, okay? And a ride to the clinic.
Half bitch, you understand that shit? Half!
Half the bullets missed. Our killer's not a pro.
Halfto Barbados? And half to the bank on the Isle of man.
Half the kids have breakdowns.
Half rations.
Half the treasure, all the treasure, or just that single ring is enough.
About half and half.
It's 50-50.
Ah it was a 50-50 shot.
Half in, half out?
Half of them, major, half.
About half. Only half?
Half of them is worth that.
Make it half, yeah?
Him backing out
So half the coast guard don't wear the look.
Half work, half playing hooky.
Half my job was watching you,
four kids and half a wage!
Half chocolate, half vanilla,
Okay, halfway through. 
Well, half Brazilian, half Danish, that's right.
Half Brazilian, half Danish, that's right.
Part human, part mutant.
Take half.
That's half for me, and half for you and Sam.
Half for us, half for you.
Half, good.
Half law - firm, half shoe - store.
Partly wistful, partly contemplative.
How about half, half now, half at end of the week.
Half monster, half virgin.
Half of them want to date my daughter.
Half. I forgot.
Half the people I save don't deserve a second chance.
Half. My mother was a heavy gravity worlder.
Half the money. My half.
Half of my blood?
Half, even a third of our people make a break for it, that is chaos.
Half of them went into the dumpsters.
Half the nurses have quit, including the transplant coordinator.
Half the guys got the shits.
Half? Please.
Half of them were donated to thrift shops.
Hell, I'm more famous than half the people we talk to anyway!
Ah! Five for her time.
Half the men with Elias, half with Barnes,
Half were strong Democrat Paryt supporters,
Half of it in radios and half of it in cash.
Part flourless chocolate cake recipes.
Half the time you're calling me to tell me
You carry one around in your purse half the time.
I play paper half the time, but I never play scissors.
They spend half the time in the bank, half the time in the safe.
I don't think she even knew why she was doing it half the time.
Half the time, when you turn the camera off, they start looking natural.
And half his time with me, so I'll be here.
I can't even get my broadband working half the time, you know?
I don't even know what he's saying half the time.
Half the time I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about.
I was high half the time.
Half your time here, half your time with me.
Your daughter's business instead of sticking your nose
Part of his time with me?
She's wrong half the time, but she still has a job.
As in half the time he's helpful,
And half the time I can't get to sleep.
Half tomorrow, half on delivery.
Half immortal.
Was haIf because of young master Zhu.
Half of it was because of you！
Partly to satisfy my opinion，
Apart from the money.
Half us half them.
Half man and half machine 
Is half real human, half monkey... I Iove that monkey.
Half man, half doll.
Some foul play, some negligence.
Halfalive and half.
Half man and half machine
Part human! Oh, yes! That was a two - way biological metacrisis.
One human cortex.
What are you talking about half?
He owns half of it.
In this case, it's part M.O., part ritual.
Half of which is yours.
It's half your fault. Half his fault,
Half mortal,
It's half jealousy.
Oh, maybe half are animal rights nuts.
Part vampire, part human.
Half - vampire, half - werewolf.
Is part vampire, part werewolf.
Partly that, partly what she saw.
Were because I didn't want - goddamn want them!
Half - man, half - woman!
You danced the fine line between company man and family man.
Half factory town, half tourist town,
Half is the very least we should get.
Half of me liked it. Half of me didn't like it.
My friend's. Half sister's. We'll give you a lift.
They're half mine, you bitch! No, they're not!
Half of which is stern's fault, Julius.
My mocking approach to everything,
Part time Lord!
Was half wood, half stone
One machine. - what the hell would have they done?
Half Trudy's fault, half your fault.
Part werewolf.
Half are bioroids.
Half alive and half.
Half alive, half plastic.
Have Soho coffee shop.
Half gallery, half boho coffee shop.
Half? Yes.
Half of it? Yeah, at least.
It's half mystical mumbo - jumbo, half putrid poetry, and half bad math.
It's half empty.
So half of them are red, half of them are black
Half's for me. The other half's for James king
Half that stuff's true. No, it's all fiction.
Half - biopic, half - superhero movie.
You are part eggplant.
It's half you're pathetic, half I have to pee.
Half of them are illegal; they can't vote.
Half of the cast of the hunger games,
Half eagle, half lion.
That's half Pritchett, half Tucker.
Half the lacrosse team was gay.
How much is half? $500.
Part organic tissue， part machine.
Half of the woodwinds. The tubas tried to avoid her,
Half the people who are supposed to be saving lives
And 50-50 will be a thing of the past.
50% chance it's a boy.
On average, drug addicts are stupid.
Half the signs in English first and the ceremony in two months.
Half normal. Severely anemic.
You know, as in part - fruit, part - nut.
HaIf is nothing at all.
You just described half of l.A., for Christ's sake!
Half the LAPD already knows about it.
Half rum, half brandy.
Part light - induced, part drug.
Half Irish, half Scottish.
Half milk, half coffee? Yeah.
And half - Jewish instead of half - lndian.
Half now and half when you're finished.
Give him half the money in an envelope.
Half of them are your enemies
Half Swedish.
And half the signs in English.
One side in alabaster, one in soapstone. 
Half man, half, uh.
Half on the page and half on her.
Ten percent of half?
And half the servants on their backs
For only half of them.
Half these things don't even have labels.
It looks like half of it's mine.
Half of today's high school students
That's half the fun
Half the buys are probably upper East siders dying to see if they're in it.
Half of breast and colon cancer.
Half of them are three strikers, so they're gonna go away forever.
Why is half my force sitting here instead of being out on the street?
Why is half my force here instead of out on the street? Under what authority do you
Half the population is under the age of 14.
Half the people weren't answering their door， the other half were sleeping.
Half these guys will probably end up back in the mines.
Half the people on this ship are going to die.
Half those guys will get shuffled over to major crime squad.
HaIf the Popuiation is under the age of 14.
Half the audience loved the play.
Half of them are going to die.
Well, half the party's already out there.
I don't know who half the people are a bunch of washed - up alcoholics.
We've got half the department out searching for him.
Where half the inmates were put there by you?
Half of them have been up all night.
Half of them were wanting to pry her ass
Half those guys are straight. Perfect fathers love their kids.
Half the men used to be in my unit.
Half the team's indicted.
Half the team is indicted. What do you propose?
Half the men ended up either dead, captured or worse.
He says half the force is out looking for you.
Half as many of you as there were earlier.
Which half are itching to do.
Well, half of them are moving.
Half of them starve to death and the other half freeze.
Half of Florida is in a panic.
Part of you believes that.
And half of you says, "you're nowhere near ready",
Half the insurance money.
Half the Senate ahorse.
Half brothers raised apart.
And half the army.
Half of the murderers are members of his posse. He won't touch him!
Half of the free jaffa fleet stands guard over the tokra homeworld
Half of official Washington is here to see democracy's finest show.
So half the time, you're going to have to go up here.
Half the time you win, but then you move over to here
Less than 50-50.
Half the time I'm going to have to go up here
Half of show business is here.
Half the challenge is finding materiaIs this far from the mainland.
HaIf the nation ciing to the oid superstitions.
Half the nation cling to the old superstitions
The city closed half its libraries.
Half that place is yours.
Half of them went into actlon wlthout arms.
Half the size, twice the fun.
Half the couples were in a monogamous relationship.
Half of them don't even like it.
Half the women know that if you breast feed you'll prolong the interval between your births.
Half of marriages fail,
Half these bullets are bent. Then the guns jam.
Half the words I see backwards. There's a good career move.
Half the pupils
Half the pupiIs played marbles.
Half the students are Chicano.
Half of those students are the children of U.N.Diplomats 
And half the guards with them.
Half the guests were dead before they left the ballroom. - thank you, mama.
Half of the family to leave.
Half the kids on honor roll are taking it.
Half a dozen residents claimed they heard the crash.
Half the house always stays vacant.
HaIf the screens filled with rain, and half with sunshine.
Half the mothers in Greece share such a fantasy.
Half the empire state lot, you know.
Half of all grizzly cubs don't make it.
Half the German army's on our tail,
Half the fun is sharing with someone you love.
Yeah, he made half the costumes. How can you not invite him?
One half of me swearing blind that I tied a simpIe siipknot.
Part of me thinks we're gonna get crushed tonight,
Of even half your accomplishments. Really, sir,
Spend nearly half your grant on upkeep.
Half these cameras are for show.
HaIf me earnings.
Half the house.
Yeah, half the proceeds go to juvenile diabetes.
And half the government front bench all sharing one tea trolley,
Half the Japanese navy is out there. You stupid bastard.
Half the Jap navy's out there, you stupid bastard. I have the Lord on my side.
I mean, half that thing's in some kind of code
Half the time they don't make sense to me.
Half the time, I couldn't tell them apart unless he had those on.
Half the time, you're going lose a dollar.
Half the time you're going to make a dollar.
Half the time with no toes in my socks.
Half the time, she doesn't know what she's saying.
Half the time. We split custody.
I spend half my days trying to convince the vice president.
You know half my days trying to convince the vice president that
Half the time in the rain.
Half their time is spent writing and researching.
Half the time, he doesn't even bother getting undressed before he goes to bed.
Fifty to life a good enough reason?
Half that classified crapis so boring you'd tear your hair out,
Because we don't have the manpower.
Half the woods have been obliterated.
I want half the tables set up near the house and the others near the pool.
Probability a half she's going to be 3 quarters
The songs that were on this thing.
Half the infantry? If it were up to me, councillor.
Half the water's boiled away.
Revolution half the French population did not speak French.
After all with half of France in the hands of the English.
Half of LAPD will be here.
Half the lines are down,
HaIf of it is dead.
semi - precious.
Every second guy has gone through prison. I almost went.
I have half the board.
Half the cellblocks are under control. It's a matter of time for the rest.
Half a prayer. Half a song
You're using up more than half your air.
Over half the platforms are flooded and service has been suspended on all trains.
Half these boxes aren't even mine.
Half the traffic lights in this town still don't work.
Half the lines are down, the phones are being worked on right now.We have time for your little trick.
Half these wires are dummy, and he's given me 3 det wires to choose from.
That's half the team.
Half my team is down -
Half of the settlement payments were converted to Serbian dinars.
Half of the Rhoyne and cried out.
Half the homes in America are watching.
Half the doctors who specialize in oncology
Half a marine squad,
Half the crew was praying to the virgin,
Half of the hull has gone.
A half cent of sales tax, screw 'em.
Half of those are inoperative as of now.
Where half the audience threw chocolate pies at me while they sang this
Half his audience is still asleep.
Half the division out looking for him,
We got half the nypd looking for him.
Fortune right down in the middle.
Yo, dawg, half that stuff is on the street, man.
At half our normal rate - basic business.
Half of my estate goes to my charitable foundation,
Half of these are of the same girl
For half, the dream came to an end.
Half the comm is down.
Half that classified crap is so boring
Half the troops down this way will be fighting brother against brother.
Half - rations is a lot more than those refugees had before they got here.
Half the money.
Half that money should be mine.
Look, half the plutonium's missing!
Half their agents were jumping ship.
It's killed half the crew. There are four of us left.
Half the jury's laughing, and I look down 
Half the jury has kids.
First half of your advance.
Half this garrison is down with malaria.
Partial custody, alimony. Career stalled.
Half targeted on us, half on the fleet.
Half my team is down - I need you to send paramedics to 9407 Hendry place.
Half sugar, half aspartame. Okay, now you say your thing.
Half Yorkshire, half shitzu.
One - half for you,
One for you, one for him.
Half for you half for you.
Give half to one and half to the other.
And half to her own daughter Susan.
Send half to me and the other half to Morris.
And the rest to my children.
Continuous on the back wall, interrupted on the front wall.
As you do.
It's only half of it.
Yeah, well, half the staff Didn't show, plus the power's out.
On the west side - boy, there are a lot
Instead of 50% of something, let's own 100% of nothing.
Split 50-50 right down party lines.
One half won out over the other. Let me guess.
About half of the women with lumps have the same condition.
Half to your crew, other half to the niggers.
And half brother, we gotta go.
One half is
Nearly half goes on the upkeep of the buildings.
It's half - deadlocked. See if you can overwrite the code let's find out where we are.
Between honoring the last wishes of a crazy, old man or giving him the final flying finger
Half thought he was sane, half insane.
A semi - serious, moderately successful relationship.
Half commando half mosquito.
There halfway through... Is he crazy?
Well, half a lie.
Of his money. This way I get it all.
Half of them do coke. They all drink. Zero capital.
About 50 percent pro and 50 percent anti-death penalty.
Half to nickosang, other half - block the exit.
It was half dance and half gym.
Half the pepperoni was mine. Okay, I'm sorry.
Half Marilyn, half Capote. Beauty and intelligence.
Half a dozen of our transport boys have been down here.
You're not even halfway done yet.
The use of half this, half this. 
Half of them don't even have phones.
Every other retired spookis an arms dealer.
And half the electoral college were determined to oblige me.
Half the contestants performed in front of our judges at the Kodak.
Crew caught diseases in half the ports in the middle East, but they Didn't dock in Algeria.
It is part sense, part instinct.
As Jenna can make a pie.
Keep half the company in reserve.
Will be digital. The rest by the end of the year.
Half of them kids.
This is haIf my trouble here.
Half of those were self-inflicted.
They're shines.
Half of them are gone.
You don't know the half of it.
Not by half.
It's half - gone.
Half of us are losing our families.
She's half the weight of that lot.
Half in cash, half in dope.
Half the money's hers.
You lost half the money? Or a glass 10% full.
Half of the diamonds.
Half the town's in blackout.
Half clarified butter and half pork fat.
Half African American, and my mother is white.
Half his ashes was interred here, the rest was sent up with his folks.
And the other half for rice
Selling half of the catch for wine
Half black, half leopard.
What do you mean by that?
One unit of a circle circumference will equal 2pr.
That shit costs two grand per clinical unit.
A classic case of
There hasn't been a single murder.
I help him as pepper asks me to
A deal's a deal.
Who doesn't love a good kidnapping?
It was a job.
It always comes to this once sex is introduced.
A single man taking in a teenager who's not a blood relative,
I just totally blew a sales call.
How did a salesman get past the guard?
Immediately after the sale. - great. Thank you.
North and South.
Tier 1 South clear.
Oh. Hi, doc， I'll be work in upstairs.
This shit is totally ineffective in these conditions.
Much simplerwith my visa card.
Whenever he gets really blocked he comes here to work.
The C.O.got in my face and he said
Trucks of assauIt guards everywhere.
A truck load of sand.
A truckload. All he can drink.
What am I going to do with a truckload of wicks?
A truck full of contraband meets my burden of proof.
A boatload of confusing ingredients.
I print this, and the next day they try to shoot me.
You have no business even speaking to him,
A 30 - foot roll of plastic wrap, and two black coffees.
It's $50，because you can see my tits.
So I rolled over to the other side.
A coil of Detcord attached to a rubber mat will give you the explosion you need
It's a videotape.
Offering a roll of microfilm, which when developed,
One new filament. Cotton, nylon.
At $2.99 apiece to develop, that's $71.76.
A videotape doesn't surface that shows us what we all know
One that never made it to court.
A roll of gray tape. Duct tape.
Wad of cash.
An evil video tape that kilIs people in 7 days
The roll of nitrate film.
Just reach for a roll of duct tape.
More sheets per roll. Sheets.
A roll of fine line, gold thread, velvet, thirty ells, in dark blue.
A wrist bandage.
A sewing needle, and a fifth of whiskey.
A roll of duct tape and a knife.
He only managed to take this photo
And one roll of quilted toilet paper with lanolin.
A roll of fishing line.
You got a bedroll, some oats and a week's rations.
And a spool of razor wire.
A magnesium coil.
One... Jinx!
One centimeter can mean the difference between a little zap and dead.
The craftsman's stamp.
No more and no less.
Trying to support the electric company single - handed?
Wishful thinking. I don't have that kind of inventory,
To believe that if a guy acts like a total jerk.
To willfully identify yourself as something else
The urge is to believe that all your solutions.
Wishful thinking. I don't have that kind of inventory, especially since I've had to keep a low profile lately.
You wish. Hold it.
That's his opinion.
Wishful thinking.
And a kitchen full of food. I'm starving. Hey, dad.
For good.
For good? I hope not.
And never came back.
The kind who's gone.
Unlike your wife. Hey, that was a blessing.
Like gone?
He is dead and gone
Goes away for good.
Gone for good.
No more, cliff.
Why she never came back.
And never returned.
And nothing.
Nevermore. 
They get assigned new numbers as soon as they pass away.
Once reincarnated, everything starts all over.
A three - week tour, huh?
Never to come back once gone
Get out there. Hurry.
To botzaris, to PR saint - Gervais.
One, to tell them and ruin the rest of my life,
Nevercome back again
For five years? What an ass.
For days at a time,
A whole weekend with his new girlfriend,
You have to go to the morgue all the time.
When we get there.
You'll get him very easily
Never back, leave me alone.
One and a quarter cup right? Has to be exact.
A mile and a quarter.
What's wrong now? - nothing.
With one small forkful of cheesecake.
And a black vernice shoe in a size ten and two Advil.
A pair of Arthur Murray dancing shoes,
Giant paws longer than a city bus stretch out before it.
A pair. You need four, minimum.
And two parents who are as moneyed as they are alive.
Eighty dollars for one, a hundred fifty for two.
And ice - blue eyes,
A sandal... Anyway, John was upset. He.
Of like size 10 shoes.
In these materiaIs that no one else saw.
And you have one of them.
Equipped with highly sensitive night vision,
But have do one
Big tits. That's my identifier?
Got big hands.
Large hands grabbed this kid.
How ever can you make those big hands do such delicate work?
Big blue eyes honest and direct.
Huge ears.
Such gifted hands of playing music
One pair of woman's shoes, size 7, silver.
A woman's flowery leggings and a pair ofwhite sneakers
Good pair of boots won't ever go off and leave you.
The right shoe can transport us.
You wanted perfect eyes to match your perfect teeth.
A pair of custom - made leather boots were stolen.
Two against two - fair fight.
You have small, hard eyes,
Honest - to - God private eye, consults in film.
Smaller shoes.gumshoe? Gumshoe?
And small black eyes that twinkled merrily.
Pair I got cost almost 500 bucks.
With a great pair of rich tights with dirt on them.
Magnificent hands.
A pair of sexy gold sandals.
Two demon eyes.
A loving hand?
The loving hand that saved me held too tight.
Eyes which I feared to read.
One pair of arms is like another
Your hands have been soaked
One pair can be enough at times.
One pair of socks worn by Zac Efron in the move 
A new pair of those speedo skin - diver socks you like.
Uh, a pair of old hockey skates, uh, I'd really like to get them back.
An old shoe, a wet dog, blue cheese and.
One barefoot.
The most beautiful eyes.
A brown eye.
One pair is couple sizes bigger than the other so it'll work
A pair of water please.
I need a hand
A seething mass of acquisitiveness.
A roller skate,
Beautiful eyes.
By the most deadly pair of wild blue eyes.
Are a pair of hands with which to grip the branches,
They come with each other.
Your real legs.
And the beady eyes. Definite giveaway.
A pair of eyes.
What do the eyes go for in Beijing, a grand?
One wearing small boots or work shoes.
Two chopsticks take off like rockets!
You got shrink hands.
With those burning red eyes and that high squeaky voice.
He's got green eyes, and he's wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
With those guilty green eyes, afraid to come in
Pretty pair of eyes.
Big, beautiful brown eyes.
Some pair of bazookas，
A pair of legs is enough to destroy capitalists and workers.
What does a blue eye have to do with tastes?
Pair of blues. One each.
Looking at me with those blue eyes. I remember my buttercup.
A pair of socks.
A pair of socks. Mm - hmm,
At the mercy of a pair of socks.
One pair of socks, black.
A pair of stockings soaked in blood .
Is a pair of trained eyes.
A pair exactly like mine what do you know?
A pair of sneakers, trip to the hoIe and you're home.
Pilot, sandy Lanham has an expert eye for spotting blue whales from the air
With long legs, short skirt - stop.
Magnificent hands.
Some boots, a cell phone... It was a bag of stuff.
At $400 a pop, how many of these do you have?
A pair of shoes!
Pair of shoes.
Your shoes cost a thousand dollars?
A pair of shoes costs more than 1,500 pounds.
A shoe is not just a shoe.
One doesn't sell a single shoe？
An "airjordan", I think he called it.
A pair of high heels, pantyhose, 
And a pair of black gloves.
Two black eyes, she's crying.
And small black eyes that twinkled merrily.
You have these big, beautiful dark eyes.
One pair of black boots?
Uncharacteristically good work.
Against all odds.
Smart for a change.
Unorthodox? It's insane!
In unlawyer - like fashion, I give you that scrap of wisdom free of charge.
One shot.
A missed shot means an insurgent lives on to fight and kill more Marines
It went viral.
Much, much more.
Never stopped.
It was wild. I hate those mixer things though,
It was wild. I hate those mixer things though. don't you?
I broke the seal.
Blew up in your face. It's not done yet.
Her overwhelming need to control me.
That's what happened, isn't it?
It's a slippery slope.
Keeps going right past me to you.
One bullet exited. Is the other hole to the left or to the right?
$5,000 for a bullet. You know why?
When the sign was given, drawing their swords and with a shout.
One of the rounds hit here on the outside - right pectoral did some heavy - duty damage, too.
He took a round to the shoulder, another through the abdomen,
One in the back of the head she falls, then he hits her again to make sure.
Dies when you take your foot off!
What's the matter with this engine? - I don't know. Sounds fine to me.
The good ones.
One in the chamber, which you already know.
One bad round's afluke. More than one, sabotage. Pull 'em all!
One bullet.
With one bullet one spin,
A single round won't kill you, but silver prevents transformation.
A round of ammunition has a shelf life just like a can of soup.
A bullet hit the wall behind me
It kilIs two people with one bullet.
One bullet, four holes.
Ten bullets, when the one would do?
Where eIse wouId one bullet buy us the fortune that we're getting for this?
Split wound path from a single round?
One, launch!
One for boddy, two for the chandelier, two at the door and one for the singer.
When we throw them out, not even a mosquito can escape within 30 feet
Went active right out of the gate. - where are my fish come?
One shot's all we need.
And then he's not gonna be able to perform properly.
If I dream I'm dead.
Standard shot is nine pellets.
One out of the black.
A good cannonball 
A shell had ripped the door off.
As soon as he saw his shoes were gone, his heart sunk.
I'll let you know when he reaches our position.
I called her as soon as I found out you left.
Will immediately eject you for counting cards?
We see or hear anything suspicious, and I just signal Otis with a crow.
When you meet them, find me immediately.
So when we found an island we wanted,
As soon as I got made 
Will, if found to contain cargoes of offensive weapons be turned back
To launch the missiles at the first detection
At the first sign of any tumors or masses, we can.
He found out Lexie and Jackson broke up,
Soon as we knew what he had, all work was stopped.
We began monitoring his phone calls as soon as this came to our attention.
These bonds, I want you to call me immediately.
To shoot it down.
Anything happens and Girls blame guys.
Any special reason? - I'm always excited before a trip.
As soon as it happened.
I knew it as soon as it happened.
Which travelled some 11 feet.
An incoming mortar shell kills them both instantly
A wee shot to nothing there. Just left that long red on.
One round, H.E.
Open my gut now, they'd find turds stacked up like little black twigs,
Once that gets a lock,
As soon as Tammy sue gets her ankle bracelet off.
You're just one injury away from financial disaster.
It's always hard to remember an alias when you've had a fright. 
A sheltered rich kid who has maids fold his underwear?
It's 20 a stack. See? 20 a stack.
One bundle was three months' salary.
Bunch of old papers.
Wad of bills! Wad of bills!
A whole pile of money and justwalk away from all of this.
A 37 - millimetre cannon with only one machine gun?
Rookie this rookie that.
Double breaded for a big crunch.
One bite at a time.
Gobble, gobble. - This isn't officially.
Reposition those suckers and boom, there goes your carotid.
What's it like to have something you can't live without?
A water sample from one well
Best price 150 guineas.
Flat price? Three hundred pesos.
Thirty dollars is my finaI offer.
Five grand and we can make delivery tomorrow night.
That's my offer, take it or leave it
Take it or leave it.
No bargain! $26 million sell it or quit it
Flat price? $10.
High bid was over $1,200.
Firm offer is $400,000 a year
Hourly rate or flat fee?
Get it all in there.
How about free range?
It's not gonna happen overnight, okay?
Rushing things is never good. One step at a time.
And then eat you up.
In one guip.
Eat that tomato in one bite, asshole.
Scoff them I say, boots and all!
Scarf them, I say, boots and all.
Swallows fortresses whole,
And bites you in the ass.
Denies knowing what the diamonds might be buying in the U.S.
And a fixation on what you consider Rick von Sloneker's wickedness.
It never happened.
Down the hatch.
Take a nice big gulp
The wave. Bottoms up.
Bite - size. That's not bite - size.
Got them both in one bite.
Got them both in one bite
She drank it all up
She drank it all up Dee Dee.
Just a taste.
One bite, come on, man.
One puff is equal to four, five of a regular strain.
So to speak.
No one's gonna need more than a bite to feel it.
Just a drop.
A sip, that's all.
One gulp!
One shot, okay? one shot?
Bottoms up! Bottoms up! Bottoms up!
Suck it right down.
One sip only. Quick.
And swallowed me.
The breath that went around the whole wide world.
One bite, get it?
An untapped oil well of every fanged and clawed soul.
In a coff.
It's just - you've thrown an awful lot at me all at once.
I can burp the alphabet backwards.
It's even good when you chug it. Do that again. No.
Such a relief to finally tell you.
And eating two - minute noodles.
And eat the whole thing,
Eat it really fast, get that freezy brain thing going. It's cool.
Give it a good blow. That's the way.
What a long kiss
No pauses.
Chug it down. Don't sip it. 
Drinking straight from the bottle.
To finish your beer in one drink.
Bottoms up! I can't drink at all.
Drink it all down chief, it'll make a few much better.
She cupcake four times in one speech.
The wine at the scene straight from the bottle.
One breath, come on.
You got nine cans of chili on the line.
Drink it bottoms up
Just drink your milk in one go.
Take whatever's in there out, and decide they don't need a witness.
To hit him a few times.
Come on. Big blow.
Watch the entire star wars trilogy all the way through
All the way up! All the way up!
Enables them to swim many miles at a stretch.
Say my name and his in the same breath
And I read the whole book.
Carry a phrase all the way through.
I'd fly as far as I could
Some water, a knife or even some matches
Ah, a quick nip won't hurt.
One bite won't hurt.
A little Bordeaux, little cognac.
My straight teeth,
In a bottom of a well full
Bad teeth. Check.
Nothing goes together
With an Irish brogue? He's had enough.
He had good white teeth, blue eyes, one of those dimpled chins all the girIs like.
A well shaft.
It's OK to have a sip of red wine. Some doctors say it's good.
Bite - sized.
A ship's bell.
Accents can come here?
A bite of egg, a bite of luncheon meat
A bagful of what?
A pocketful of peanuts and pretend I was Robinson Crusoe.
One! Turn around.
You know one was too many and a thousand was never enough.
I can't even drink this. That's how bad it's gotten.
I can't have another bite.
Not even a bite? 
don't leave a morsel.
I couldn't eat another bite.
Nothing is found
Well that's more than we had
I'm pretty certain not one bite is missing, which makes sense.
A shot? I would love a shot.
Down... The snatch.
Big swallow. Big swallow.
Bottoms up. Bottoms up
Or you can pound it.
Short and sweet.
Down in one. - I'm full. I can't.
And a shot glass that says dinosaurs on ice.
Shared our bread, 
One mouthful goes down for a second time.
Let me pour you a shot.
Drinking the draught, make new love sweeter.
Drinking the draught, makes new love sweeter.
To the Greek Olympiad.
We all get fucking shot. Oh, my God!
Dumping all that stuff in the sea.
Line by line, questions are answered
Write a first line and then write a second one.
Lay it on them.
Just kind of repeat after me the line, all right?
Desperately naked.
Nothing more.
Who do you think you are?
Every word.
Don't wash your hands Iike that?
A simple "no, thank you," uh.
And that's hardly sufficient.
That that was a good slogan.
Well it's kind of a long story,
Eh,it's very dark under the covers.
A Chinese proverb says,
Not a word to Mr. Klandis.
As little as possible because she is professional and courteous, and she hates me.
I can't remember what the lyrics are.
A fucking thank you.
To tell me that he loves me.
That's a lousy conversation starter.
An Iranian proverb.
"Hello "is fine.
A "hello, how are you?" would be great for starters.
Something about Bob Seger.
See later doesn't mean
One less Jagermeister I might have ended up with the one I wanted.
Do it or leave it.
As you survey the syllables and sentences
Pardon the pun.
Who happens to voice a contrary opinion?
Something deep down in my heart
Is the word, is the word that you've heard
An old Russian proverb reminds us,
And relive each humiliating moment?
A line. A pick up line, you know, to get you in bed. He wanted to have sex with me?
With, like deliciousness coming off it?
Called the fierce urgency of now.
I don't know what any of that means, but you look like hell.
A curse word!
Just an old Mexican proverb.
Is malarkey with a big side of poppycock.
Sorry doesn't bring people back.
The words "I'm sorry" might have helped.
And you can't just say I'm sorry and make everything all right.
Sorry won't make me forget how insulted I was.
Is it so hard to say you're sorry?
Sorry isn't gonna bring pootie back now,
Your apology is apology enough.
He Didn't apologize. All he's concerned about is you.
No dialogue at all. He rips open her blouse.
Someone says there's a complication,
That's all.
One word of bullshit and I'll shoot
A word of advice. Change your passport photo,
You're going to hide behind "big boys' rules"?
And I don't speak a wordof the dialect.
A word of warning.
Word of advice,
Word to the wise - she likes the bad boys.
In my experience, MS Stonem, we are all living lies.
Word of warning, avoid the jumbo prawns.
And one stupid dumb comment
That's how it ends?
Uh, the one thing I wouldn't say to a girl
That my mother once said to me.
And an "I love you" is just that.
I'm married.
That they hear one criticism,
And you didn't complain once.
Sorry is not gonna cut it.
Do you think an apology's enough after what you did?
Putting words one after another, no thank you.
Andy words you heard
couldn't speak even one word of Japanese.
Merely send me my good night to put under my pillow. John Keats.
And I never heard one word of sense in all that time.
No explanation,
One of its most enduring catchphrases.
From Eisenhower.
And with the joke, you let the issue drop?
A white man's word was good enough for the general.
Repeated over and over again.
It's a phrase. doesn't mean anything, not to me.
It's a phrase. Doesrt mean anything, not to me.
Congratulations are really in order.
A simple "you're welcome" would suffice.
A simpIe "I don't know" wouId have done.
Just say the magic words 
A simple "it's good" will do.
A simple "yes" would.
A simple "I Didn't kill my brother" text uld have sufficed.
A simple oath
A simple "thank you"， get down.
A simple "thank you" would suffice.
A simple thank you would suffice!
In the words of the old country.
That being said,
That means a lot.
I'm not afraid of wet shits.
We offer damn pious phrases from Eisenhower.
Couldn't speak a word of English.
Brought on by a mass utterance of a word of curse.
An honest voice is louder than a crowd's.
In the neighbourhood of 5%.
All in all.
In a sentence?
One word.
A sentence, a word, a book.
A word, a look, would be enough.
One word? No, just the address.
Don't know what we're bringing, period.
All I'm saying is don't go trying to be a hockey player.
In a word not favorable
Barely said a word,
She won't say anything.
You disappear turn my house upside down,
Said nothing and began firing.
Sending me away without a word.
And not speaking to each other is six and a half hours.
Wiith no word, as if I'm nobody.
Not a word to anyone.
Not one single one?
Don't you say one more word.
Not a word get it?
And said not one word.
And not say a word huh?
And say nothing. That's right, that's right.
Nothing coherent, I'm afraid.
Not a damn word.
Don't say a fucking word. No, please.
It's not like that!
Don't say a word. Don't move your lips.
Don't say anything. Keep your hands where they can see them.
Don't say anything, ray.
Left without a word to anybody.
Didn't say a word.
Without another word.
You didn't speak?
He didn't say a word. Son of a bitch.
Haven't even spoken a word.
Bottom line: They don't want us in there.
One word: He's a bad guy!
One thing? Anything?
You don't have to tell me twice. Sit. 
Give up running for chairman,
One sentence, you bastard
You're on rylos, my boy.
So in conclusion, you are a weenie.
You better serve me well
You gonna give me the phone or not?
One word, you're a dead man.
In a word, you're too lovely to be desired,
One word, and you walk.
A word? You gonna talk some more?
Short answer - it's impossible.
That makes five birds in one, count them, I'm no chicken.
One word, pure and simple. Katie.
A word with one of you.
Of my own.
Hey, I won't say anything but.
Anything, buddy， What is it?
she's been on the run.
A word? Okay. I'd Iove to have a word with him.
Anyhow, stick that in your pocket if it's useful.
One word that's enough. I know.
Until I've had my say.
That's it?
Rich bitch, one word.
It's beauty！
In a word, transparent.
Ln a word, transparent
There's one answer to both your questions.
A line would do. Simple and innocent.
Do you wanna do it?
The whole point is we gotta be first.
One word I've said.
In short, what makes a champion tick?
In a nutshell, he is disgusting.
We are in a word, dying.
Anyway, I'll never see your ugly face again. I won't lose any more time with scum like you.
In short, I am screwed.
And, basically, I want the wife out.
Overall, I have to say I'm very happy.
One word, I help you.
All in all, I would say you're probably the least impressive witness I've ever seen.
In a word, the dog is all wolf.
Boss Yang has plenty of income
I can ruin you
Use it in a sentence.
In a word, an art.
In other words, a normal relationship.
Eight - word sentences you get to word nine just stop talking.
A toxic agent works once.
A word, Charlie.
And there is a whole childhood in a nutshell.
Well, in a nutshell it said.
What's the two - second version?
Saying that, "every happening, great or small."
There were like ten big words in there I didn't understand.
The words "I wouldn't want to go anywhere without my wonderful towel".
And never said a word.
Never once talking.
Without saying anything? Yeah.
Never said a word, just took off.
All in all, the train jumped the tracks tonight.
In a word, insanity.
All you had to do was ask.
I can forward it to you easy for those keeping score at home, I'm officially up 23 points.
It's gravy that makes it tasty.
Cut the crap, just take it a respect to me
In a word
There has to be a fusion of the strength from the waist and foot.
Ought to knock him, period.
Cut to the punch line.
One word, thank you.
One word: hubbeii.
One word, this child will destroy the host of heaven,
In short, this isn't working.
Not a word in all this time!
One word from me and you are out of the will!
That's my plan in a nutshell.
He wouldn't say a word.
Look, not a word until we're out of the hotel, you know.
Not gonna say a word.
It isn't right to walk away without a word.
Don't say a fucking word.
Not a word. 
They don't even say a thing?
Nothing? Not a word?
Not a word, not a greeting and he left over a year ago.
She hasn't said a word.
He hasn't said a word, so he hasn't asked for anything
He didn't feel like talking, then he left a little before 6:00.
Not a word? Not a sound?
Without speaking a word
Two pieces of bullshit in one sentence.
You ever seen so many numbers in a sentence before?
Ask again, a guy might think you were calling him a liar.
One of the few, the proud.
A right word and there's peace.
A big thank you.
I owe you and your mom more than a thank you for this one.
We came out of it with a thank you.
Thank you will be sufficient.
A thank you would be nice. That's all I'm asking for.
It was the thanks that did it.
Not even a thank you?
I got nothing more to say. Nothing.
A compliment? Seriously, just a compliment.
Question after question?
Without saying goodbye
You're gonna have to do a little bit better than sorry.
Just hearing the words "I'm sorry"， would have made a difference?
I do not understand a word you're saying. - Kenzie!
Nothing else. What?
Literally not speak?
Couldn't understand a word!
They'll just hear white noise and see your mouth moving.
It's a nice turn of phrase, but it's not my own.
A very very old saying
Well, in Africa they have a saying
And the other one leads to... Boom - boom - boom.
One additional circumstance complicates problem.
First bow you`re blessed with many children.
Got a 10 - man seal unit, sir, tasked with vectoring tomahawks.
One night out in Calgary.
A one and half metre long common octopus glides by
A 15 - pound turkey will take five hours to cook
For a 15 - metre whale, they can vanish with remarkable ease.
A goat! 27 goats.
One single two, and flush followed.
A three metre long salmon shark and a close relation of the great white
A 40 foot monkey causing unintentional widespread panic?
A 63ft ocean - going yacht.
A 65 million year old Triceratops.
A 1 200 pound wild bear!
With a big gun.
One hand at a time, behind your back.
A... A pen, a... A ballpoint pen.
A... A "blue hand". That's what it said.
A... A “blue hand”.
One identical Cartier watch. Receipt and paperwork.
One male gorilla, age 7,
Is that when a 700 - pound bear goes like this,
A vicious three - headed dog guarding the gates of hell
A three - eyed raven? You've seen it?
Three dollars a bird. Gosh!
A good shotgun, plenty of ammunition,
A small painted wooden duck.
A foul - mouthed kookaburra slotted into the top pocket of a wallaby.
One not locked up in a tiny aquarium
Look, An undead monkey. 
An unknown bird is chirping.
What use is a lion that can't kill?
And a less expensive watch that does nothing but tell time.
One that doesn't require a whole lot of maintenance.
Just an ugly little animal.
A monstrous toad has settled in its roots
And a stupider duck the world has never seen.
Two and four.
A Marshall - two Marshalls.
Why, there's one, two.
Hold it any way you want. Just don't hold it this way.
Two more dead.
Deer the hunters shot.
A Chinese red panda.
How does a whisker from a giant snow leopard in the central park zoo
An average, normal adult male.
The luau pig.
One for burn victim and the other for a sin sacrifice.
A crow.
A crow flew to me, kept its distance
A crow. Course it is.
Where this crow came and said:
A turtle.
Why would a turtle get caught up with a whale?
A turtle it is?
A bee who's got to be home by nine.
One teat can be suckled from outside the pouch,
A lark? Not that.
A lark spinning around one note
A crayon pony - fish.
Fifty cents each.
Each containing five million, which will be checked at the bank by the KR agent,
A five - metre tiger shark.
A life - sized disgusting roach
A human hand was found nailed to the angel's chest.
One what? one what? fish, silly!
A what? Shh!
A what? Just like that mouse.
A what? Shall I terminate?
A little critter from a different dimension
A Iost bird that never Iearned to fiy.
And I saw the largest rat anyone's ever seen scurrying 
A fabulous bird reborn from the ashes of its earlier life.
A hamster may cover the equivalent of four human marathons
Big goddamn grizzly bear.
One that he doesn't already have long - term connections with.
It was terrifying.
There you were with this disgusting alien bug
A fabulous dancing puppy called Odie!
Has always been a small passion of mine.
A willful, strutting old bird
A penguin.
It's a penguin. A penguin?
A penguin without a Heartsong is hardly a penguin at all.
A penguin that walked into the bar.
This penguin walks into a bar. A - a penguin?
But a penguin just walked in here and ordered a scotch on the rocks.
Killing the golden goose
A songbird and an old hat!
Your smoking dog.
A monkey to answer the phone, I'm back in business.
A talking dog and there was this camera man that.
A talking monkey could do her job.
A talking frog!
A cat disguised as a human.
A mean old hound dog
One's crying, the other is about to take off
Like a common animal. Stop, okay.
One of the largest males starts to show interest in her.
Just an ordinary everyday spoon you've seen it a thousand times
Fake dead bird.
It makes somebody interesting.
A fox that has stolen the chicken
A bitch just like you.
A toad like fever?
An ape like me
A Ratty or chipmunk.
A zombie cat.
A posse of marshals ambushed us. They got nose and Emmett.
One free ham.
A rabbit.
It's a rabbit.
A bunny's weeping for that frozen creek
That a rabbit isn't an alibi.
A rabbit, John!
Some Tyto alba with gleaming armor and battle claws, the moon rising behind him?
A rapt female takes in the show.
An octopus.
A male seal gives a wake up call
A bull Nile crocodile is the biggest reptile alive today.
A buck.
One male passes over and fertilizes thousands.
A Billy goat and his girlfriend locked in a hut.
A boy lizard. What's his name?
A femaie toad in some dehradun well.
One cock may satisfy ten hens,
There's no rooster? What did I just say?
An ear of sexually explicit.
A media - savvy crackhead, I know.
A parrot that no longer flies in the wild,
A peppy little cardboard pig announcing the specials.
In a box with your name on it.
A frigate soars.
A blue Jay.
One nearly lands on its back.
A hockey skate.
An extraction team will pick you up.
This beautiful cocooned butterfly ready to emerge.
A single sea - nettle jellyfish only a few centimetres
A swallowtail butterfly.
In pursuit of a savage beast.
Indigenous to this area.
One ferocious lion!
The manatees out in the water started to look like.
A cub just ten days old
An easy compact cat to travel with.
We lost a Porkchester.
The mouse has just strangled your cat.
An aphid that has just molted its shell.
Just a little arm would be?
A small skinned rabbit did not impress the girls' protective father.
A Galapagos Finch is about 25 grams, about the size of a house sparrow.
An animal? A leaping panther.
An animal? Look. He's moving his fingers.
Accompanies us through life.
An animal saved my life.
She's just an animal!
And then an animal attacked you and bit your neck.
An animated cat just walked into the squad room. 
A dog with a hard on.
A plucky raccoon has been cheering up patients at a local senior center.
One brave bear cub stepped forward,
A secret and a brave squad of soldiers.
A sand bubbler crab in northern Australia it hunts meiofauna
It's a polar bear.
A polar bear stirs.
A creature half man and half bull.
One adolescent fights back confronting its enemy.
A flamboyant cuttlefish
A lone wolf weighs as much as four coyotes,
A solitary lion stands no chance
One? One alone, to be my own...
A Cartier watch?
A Toon rabbit.
A cheetah.
A cheetah? A cheetah,  honey.
A cheetah. Yeah.
A capuchin monkey.
A toilet paper rosette for a true lady of the evening,
A really big and disgusting spider.
A big, fat and ugly bug.
A big, fat and pink - eyed rodent
An old, smelly and burnt shoe.
A deaf, dumb and blind orangutan could have tracked him down.
A fork has three spears, right?
A storm petrel dancing on the water.
A friendly ear.
A Friendship ring.
A two - headed lion.
An uber - cougar?
A rabid wolf will attack.
A crazed monster whose appetite must be satisfied daily with human flesh.
Like a stinking fucking dog!
An injured moose.
The spoor of a wounded elephant.
A broken hand from Mount Vernon?
A wounded moose?
A frightened elephant can be very dangerous!
A camera carrying vulture trained to fly from a microlight.
A trained chimp would suffice.
A highly educated owl.
A chameleon.
Be a chameleon and just change to.
A lipstick, $5 bill, gum, hair spray, a book.
A dog with a bone.
One of them has to visit the man upstairs.
Produce juice for you
Seems like they're shriveling up.
They fly through my doors
One of them will be named sergeant the other scout.
A cat named peaches and a dog named cream
A cat named "cat" like in your favorite movie.
One is called 'Nana'.
An old brown dog named rusty 
About a cooker spaniel by the name of Bobby,
One's named Poundcake and one's named muffins.
One was named Josephine and the other one was Roberta.
A dead dog named cantaloupe.
A tri - county bee, Barry Benson,
One, indeed was as long as a cow.
A swallow that flies free in the sky
A cute squirrel.
A cute little bunny rabbit?
Just a friendly little cat
That's a sweet little Easter bunny.
A cute little baby bear, that 'shat you are?
How about a lovely locust?
One male named Semos.
An orangutan named Jenny went on exhibit.
A dog called pain
Vulcan takes up the challenge.
A parakeet called Mr biscuit
A parrot that doesn't know when to stop talking?
A vampire! A vampire!
One has 8 legs
And a drum and carry these awkward items 3/4 a mile
A baby harp seal.
A monkey who likes to play peek a boo.
One was quiet the other liked to fluff his feathers and sing and sing.
A gnome mouse.
A coyote.
A coyote travels across this frozen desert looking for something to eat.
The fractured femur of a St.Bernard
Hand on bottom, hand on top. The warm look in the eyes.
A leopard at their water hole
A basking shark
Like a rat in some perverted lab!
One on top of the other.In fact, there are signs that happened here.
One on the bed one wrapped round his hips, one on the dressing table.
A mouse at night.
One of them's upstairs. The other one sort of slipped back into my skull.
A hamster making a nest.
One's here and one's here!
And one barks here, one barks here, one... They send the message across the countryside.
In a pantry wearing a hot Sunday dress
A little rabbit with the word "no" painted on its nose.
What are the chances of us not seeing a wildoeren?
The brownie? No, a boggart.
A gopher? Where?
A third of a gopher would only arouse my appetite without bedding her back down.
A bad wittle bunny.
Your life was changed forever by what a broken fuel valve?
A bump by a bad mosquito
A Tasmanian tiger?
One finally spots what they're looking for.
A stuffed penguin for the man who has everything
A stuffed... - hey!
The Easter bunny and a giant bag of pudding.
An Easter bunny.
An alien tick?
How much is a stick?
A polychaete worm
A polyglot army,because of all the different nationalities.
Night fury. The unholy offspring of lightning and death itself.
A Bush baby. How did it get here?
A nightingale.
A nightingale sings
A chicken is enough
Oh. Is one enough?
One giant tortoise lives this extreme solitary existence.
Crab that spends much of its life afloat.
This big evil bird, this big bird that scar had sent out to look for them.
A big cat just mauled one of your guests to death.
A big goat. And the goat belonged to a woman called Maggie colter, you see.
A great hand appeared over her and pointed down at her.
A giant tow truck runs it over,
A pit full of fire.
A grizzly bear.
The big bad wolf?
And a rat was hurt, so he hurt a princess.
A big bear, a medium mommy bear.
A giant panda. Not if I can help it, sir!
A giant panda nurses a tiny week old baby.
And an Indri baby
As in bired as in ite boy with dreads.
Let a great big dog run wild up on the moor, it was heaven - sent.
A bigger dog, a medium-sized dog.
One big unicorn by... Who wrote this?
A big one, but still a wolf.
A big cat，and I'm allergic,
A big cat jumped up on the cupboard
A marble foot?
Big ass one.
But a big one.
One large mixing bowl.
This giant squid grabbed him.
We'd get $5,000 for one of those.
A giant rat of Sumatra!
It's a big one.
A huge rat just ran under me cupboard.
A monstrous aberration of nature.
A great blue heron.
A big tiger shark came in. From your perspective, I think you could see it more clearly than I.
A giant moth?
A giant lizard on Komodo,
Whoa, that is a big roach!
A big, stupid dog.
There's a massive goat in my sitting room and you just forgot to say.
Large standing armies,
An elephant.
An elephant can also symbolize,
What could an elephant
A large rat.
He's a big - boned bird!
A big cock.
A big goose, isn't it?
A big black brute.
A hamster, a little pet - fshht!
An innocent bird only gets a cage.
When a goose smashed in the Plexiglas of his cockpit.
A swan. The last unicorn.
A swan. True story.
One head for east one for west.
A matriarch has led her family many miles,
An ugly pineapple.
Are the pantyhose still on her legs?
One, I mean her name's Indiana.
A good old shoe.
A sharp dog is as smart as a really dull 2 year old child.
It's always been about her.
The whole thing is geared around to entertainment.
The whole thing is geared around to entertainment.
It is meant to serve the best interests of the children.
It's all about being the best.
It's all about not letting anything stand in the way of your dream.
I was doing my job.
All leading to the moment when the curtain goes up.
All for me
It was for my little girl. Do you understand?
It's about my baby girl.
It's all about the pussy.
It's all about saving lives. It's got to be done.
This was all about a cover up?
It's all about creating equity.
To save his life.
And it's all to set you free.
All for trying to save people's lives.
This is about what's best for the magazine.
Survival's what it's all about.
And it's all to be near Esmerelda.
It's all about winning.
All in the hope that Mrs. Nitta adopts pumpkin instead of you.
All in the hope that Mrs. Nitta adopts pumpkin instead of you
In order to bring out your love for each other.
They only shouted so as to enjoy the beer all the more.
It's all about respect bro.
All for love of Danae. No!
Is that what this is about?
That's what this is about.
Everything led me to this moment.
It has everything to do with that boy.
This is all about the money, my man.
This is all for you.
It's all for us.
Everything's about the tests.
It's not true that everything is learned.
Everything was just screwing, screwing, screwing, and then cut to a money shot.
Everything was planned ahead?
The whole thing is a setup.
Everything was scripted down to the minute
It's all about human choices.
Everything's what?
It all started when he was in a concentration camp.
It began with the feeding.
It all started with cheese.
Everything's been going on since I was 12.
It all started when we caught wind of an obit.
It all began back when I was 17.
It all started when my mom went to work at Max's video store.
Everything starts with a story book.
Everything starts as "just friends"， but the next thing you know.
It started with a chair.
It all started here at take off.
Started off in the navy.
So it all starts in the cell. The cell is a protein - producing machine.
It started when Ashley got involved
It all started with a lie.
And say here, this place is where it all began.
It all began right here， a hundred years ago.
I planned all this from the word go.
Well. It all began right here. On this spot.
And everything started from then
That's where this all got started.
And they're the ones that framed you.
He did this.
This is all just to get to him.
All of it is his idea.
Everything was his idea.
It is his. He owns it!
Everything is his doing.
It's all in his imagination?
He planned the whole thing.
He planned it.
He's plotted everything.
It's up to him, isn't it?
And he did it with malice and premeditation.
You planned this whole thing.
You did everything.
It's always about you.
It's all about you, it's always about you!
You did say yes to everything, and unfortunately,
There was only manipulation.
That you were on top of everything,
You set all this up just so you could get me in bed.
You're behind this!
You brought this on them
You caused this. Your play, your words.
And you're just making all of this up,
It's all your fault
You taught her everything.
And all.You know?
You're misrepresenting everything.
You are making this up. No, I'm not.
Everything is for you.
Everything's your.
You're running the show, aren't you?
It's all your blessings, whether smiles or tears.
It's all up to you.
Whatever happens to them is all on you.
Everything is your choice.
Everything's your fault.
It's all your fault, motherfucker.
This is all your fault. You chased her away!
You happened, Grayson.
Everything is a conspiracy theory with you! Quiet! I can't think!
Everything is the way you left it. I haven't touched a thing.
You did all this
You were behind this?
All this is you. It's you, Jack.
Like you make up everything.
You just made that up. Yes, I did.
That you made it all up. That's fucking great.
You brought this on yourself.
You did this to yourself, Michael.
You did this to yourself.
You'll have to explain to your kid.
Did you make this whole goddamn thing up?
It's your plan. All I did was get you the man.
You had all this planned already.
The decisions were yours.
You put us through all this?
It was all just pretend.
It's gonna be worth it.
When I am his queen and give him a son.
It was all fake.
None of this was real?
Nothing's real
There's nothing real about it. They're programmed.
It's all a fraud! A lie!
Everything is an illusion.
It's all fake
It's a sham fuelled only by the memory of former glories.
Everything is image.
Everything is image, image is everything
I was carried there by the current.
Everything was on the house.
It's all so new and you're adjusting to so much
It's new and it's modern and it's American.
It's all very professional.
All others are fair game.
All's fair. Right?
Well, in all fairness, you had a running start.
It was all on the square.
Everything is about power for you.
Everything is about your career, your job, your hair.
It's about finding people.
It's about the souls.
It's about what a man will do for love.
It's all about lines.
It's all about this.
It's like everything.
Everything is someone else's fault.
It was written.
The universe has been conspiring,
Well, it was allquite impulsive, really.
It starts with a seed of anger.
Totally anonymous.
And all sold to the highest bidder he.
Everything is part of the atomization because it's been taken over by the Nazis.
How it used to be.
It's the same old story. The rich get richer,
Nothing that hasn't been blessed. Nothing too spicy.
That it was all a lie.
Everything is excusable.
One at a time each variable must be solved.
Everything is quantifiable.
Everything is possible，is done in the name of love and solicitude.
Is nothing done but legal.
That's the drugs talking.
Destiny is just destiny.
Somehow we're meant to be together
This is what's in store for me. - you know that's not true.
All are architects of fate
It's always about you.
This is all because of you, Napplebee.
This is about you and me sleeping together.
This is all because of you. Because of me?
All because you couldn't come out from under the covers.
All because of your foolishness
Because of your expert opinion.
This is all about your ego.
And everything to do with your genetics.
And all because of her.
That's what did it.
And that's all because of me.
All because I slept with her five years ago.
Everything changed for all of us.
All this is because of me. I'm sorry.
It's all my mom's for leaving us.
All because my best friend couldn't stand me being so happy.
All this started because my friend Maurice came by my house.
I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.
It's all about color.
That's what this is about? A drug?
That's all due to this trauma.
You're what all this is about, aren't you? What are you?
I brought it on myself.
It just jacked everything up.
That's all there is to it! You've betrayed me!
That's how this all started, isn't it?
This started because of a gig in this shithole.
That universe is revolving around us,
Anything the king or his lawyers decide it to be.
That it was a set up. That I'm totally innocent.
And he has a plan for us after all.
It all started when I first heard the rumors and whispers "around campus about a secret society who called themselves" king and shadows.
Everything went as you planned.
It's where it all begins.
Everything's a movie.
Everything is role - play， Remember?
Everything was handled over the phone.
This is where it all happened.
This is where it happens.
And everything's already broken. I spend my weekends fixing things.
Up until that point was trash?
Everything's physical. Yes. We are physical beings.
Everything is complicated, badly developed and poorly written.
All which are brain activity.
It's all just a choice.
That's up to the man in the sky. I'm talking to her.
It becomes frustration, you know it is devastation.
She's making Anna do all this
Yeah. She lied about the whole thing.
She taught me everything I know.
It was her idea.
Everything is her fault!
Everything's good. It's good. He's good.
Everything is good guys this bad guys that.
Everything just was so hard.
Life was going flow in usual layout.
All the old familiar places.
Everything is so twirly.
Everything was beautiful.
Things'll be great when you 're...
Everything is as it must be at this moment.
Everything is part of the buffet of the universe.
Everything's set.
It's all arranged, isn't it?
Everything is perfect.
For when the baby came. That's all.
It was all very logical.
Everything looks good to me.
Look, take it up with the joker. He killed your woman.
Everything belongs to the group. But we're hungry.
Everything is new and it's clean.
Everything for your career, no time for anything else,
Like this job was forced on you. Nate, I get it, okay?
Everything was gigantic.
All this is in your head.
Fact isn't what you see
All of it is overwhelmingly beautiful.
Everything went in that direction. I know.
All good from where I'm sitting.
All in vain
There's nothing anyone can do.
How would anything begin?
How did it all begin?
We're all related.
It's all connected, isn't it?
It's all your boons， whether smiles or tears
What happened was an accident!
It was an accident. Okay.
It's all a trick. It's an illusion.
It was Ashur!
It's everything I ever wanted.
I'm sorry for everything it's my fault.
Sorry for everything. Okay.
You know it was aII my fault.
You know it was all my fault
Instead, we did everything.
Are we responsible for this, or the ones who caused us to come here?
I did them all!
I did all that, so what are you going to do?
I did that. I hooked you up with everybody.
My mother just decideseverything, you know?
I arranged everything.
All of this is because of me.
L caused all this, right?
And this is what I saw.
All on my own.
I owe you everything.
Everything in mine.
All of it, Kevin!
All of this it's my fault.
It was all my fault
That I'm making all of this up?
It's all my fault. - what's your fault?
Everything was my fault. Well...
It was a stupid mistake. When I lost my son,
I'm sorry about everything. I just want to talk
What happened in new York was all my fault. I didn't read the signs.
It's all mine. Until the end of days.
Everything was my idea.
I made the whole thing up.
No, I did that all by myself.
That I forced myungsin to do everything.
I got to be the boss.
I made this mess, now I'm gonna clean it up.
I forced you to do all that. No. You did not.
If not for rent.
Everything is exactly the way it was meant to be.
Everything went according to plan,
That's the way she's gonna be treated.
That everything is free will
Everything's gotta be a fucking challenge for you.
Everything's been a setup coming from way up top.
It was all politics, to get back at me.
All are politics, all
It's all politics. I think you'll understand.
Everything was open and now,
All things are a number.
It's all in the math.
Everything is a definite number,
It's all new.
We didn't purposefully start this.
Everything was determined by Japanese army.
It's about moments, man. That's all that.
Everything was temporary.
The best of everything.
Things worked out all right in the end.
We're all bound by a legal statute.
They're alive.
There was everything under the sun.
We're in the master, babe.
Everything's risk.
It's all my fault
Everything else is who knows? 
Everything was up in the air.
Everything's just unknown, so it's really hard to deal with,
Everything is as it is,
And everything's the way it should be,
Everything's mechanized and standardized.
Everything is copasetic.
Everything seems hazy I'm a wild one
Everything works fine.
It's all decent business.
Normally distributed, but an implication
Everything's a weapon. Everybody's an enemy.
Something was falling into place.
There's no there, you know?
And all are Bolingbroke's.
I'm where I'm supposed to be. I was wrong，You're the right guy.
Everything happened as it should.
Everything is a test.
It's all a game.
And it all comes out of mine.
All is gray!
I'm following Clark's orders.
That everything's separate.
Everything's a joke and everything's a test.
It's all here and now.
Everything was status quo.
It's all business.
It's always business, especially where the Hardwicks are concerned.
It's all business, that's what you failed to grasp.
Everything's stuck on using iron.
That you were the first ones.
When it comes,
It starts and ends with the Union. Understand? I came to you, right?
Everything is made of energy.
It's all in the eye of the beholder.
Everything just runs directly off the blood.
Everything is right out in the open.
In one another's being mingle why not I with thine?
Everything is connected. 
So everything is its mirror image.
It's all relative.
This is as real as it gets.
It's all real and you know
It's all real and you know?
It was real and it was great, and it was really great.
Everything's true.
This is really happening, isn't it? She's leaving.
Everything's real, darling.
It's all real. The beast is here.
All of it was real? My mom's gone?
It's all happening for real, Trent.
It's all just guesswork.
All is fleeting, all will go; What is gone will then be pleasant.
Everything was temporary
Everything is a secret.
All else is vanity.
Everything's a joke. Everyone's a punch line.
It was all lies, wasn't it?
And the picture on my desk of my family is a phony,
Everything's calculated.
Everything would be a Roman church.
I didn't believe in fairy tales,
They all happen because God wills it.
Everything's in its place.
Nothing has changed, that's the problem.
Everything's a test, remember? Nothing is what it seems.
It's all a matter of listening of being ready to take it down
That is a mathematical certainty.
It's all gone to shit. What do you mean?
Is just to be a little spontaneous.
It will happen all by itself as you get older.
Everything happens inside the city itself.
Ferguson organized everything.
I stand as weak.
It's all pretence.
It's all make - believe.
It was all a pretense, an excuse to get you on your own.
Nothing really happened. Yeah.
No, this isn't real.
All was nothingness
And all for nothing.
Nothing's what it seems
Everything would look beautiful on the outside,
Everything is permitted.
It was all an act.
All to convince us that we'd better make a deal.
It's all about the catwalk.
It's all a setup.
It was carefully planned.
It was all a big mistake.
Everything's about how wonderful the family is, with lots of exclamation points.
A recipe for murder.
And it's all a lie.
Everything a lie.
Everything is a lie?
Everything's a lie!
Was everything just a lie?
It's all been a lie, hasn't it?
It was all a lie, huh?
There is no truth! This is 
It was all a lie， even his name?
That it's a fallacy.
Everything's built on that! That's all we got, boy. Fucking all.
I'm putting it all behind me, you know?
Just rolls right off your back, doesn't it?
He masterminded everything.
The best that this youngish man's money can buy.
Everything was just so elegant
Everything was perfect just like I always dream it would be.
That's what brung it down on us.
It's all so beautiful.
Everything was just so.
That's how it all starts!
That's how this all started, right?
Everything fits perfectly. They type you are.
Everything was taken care of through an intermediary.
It's all done via computer.
Everything goes through a third party.
Whole thing was arranged online - e-mails. I got 50 grand wired into my account.
It's been amazing.
Everything is so freaking.
Everything matching.
It seemed hopeless and pointless, and then, on November 19, 1863,
Everything is so... white.
That everything's sticking in pretty well.
It's like everything's perfect.
This has been so much fun.
Everything is spectacular.
Everything's so time - consuming.
Everything seems like fun
Everything is just alive.
The stuff dreams are made of
Everything was confused and blurred. I didn't nnow what I was doing.
Everything was special
Everything's so bright, even at night.
And everything is gonna be just fine.
All kinds of weird shit.
And illit and full of fantasy.
And up above it's so fair
Everything shiny and beautiful and grand.
They're so real
And all of a sudden.
All of a sudden, I'm on it. Nice story.
Everything was always easy.
Everything's so wonderful.
Everything is unknown, virgin territory.
I am at peace.
It's very money - oriented, everybody worry about the living,
It's only money.
It's the money.
All are wrong
Nothing goes right... Nothing goes right.
Everything's negative.We obviously missed something.
Everything is a conspiracy theory! I protest.
All of them unfamiliar.
Everything washed fresh, a whole new cycIe.
There was this sort of freezing fog hanging over everything,
That all of this will remain off the record.
Deception is everything.
If it happened.
You order fancy food in advance of your arrival.
Everything is upside down
All are lies!
It's a trick.
It was all a fabrication of quilok.
Everything else the man has grabbed from us.
Everything's in black and white.
That everything will go wrong
It just seems unreal.
And things seem so sharp.
Everything seemed so important,
Everything seems to indicate close - contact gunshot wound.
And every indicator says it can't be done.
It's too late.
It's too late, mom.
But it's too late, my darling.
It was too late. I was already pregnant.
It's over.The sun has set.
Things change, you know.
Everything is out in the open.
Everything's exposed.
All the better.
Everything's better.
Everything's newer and brighter and bluer
Everything's tighter.
It's gonna be okay.
And everything's gonna go back to normal.
It's gonna be okay. All right, come on, let's get undressed, okay?
The whole thing.
You operate within an official structure.
You know its a process
There's a point to everything.
Always possible,
I've got everything down except for the timer.
Everything was a bit weird.
Everything I got people counting on it.
It's all in a good cause. That doesn't make it less embarrassing.
There's always a cost.
Everything has a purpose, Colonel, including the circumstances that brought me here.
You got everything covered，I think we can handle it.
Nothing lasts forever, not even a picture.
Always a possibility.
And anything was possible
All is possible. Everything. 
And anything can happen 
All the things that could have happened to have made you feel he had changed.
It could have been anything. I'm very upset.
It can happen. That is all I'm saying!
So anything's possible, right?
Mike things are looking up.
It's like you said it would be.
Things have way of changing.
But all things have their time.
Everything was going right on schedule.
Everything remains to be done.
Yes, everything will make sense.
All things in their proper order.
Nothing is disturbed. Perhaps they heard us.
There's a sense of purpose. We're a community.
Since that night,
Something's wrong about all this, Trust me.
Everything was slightly mad,
There's always the threat of everything falling apart.
There's always a first time.
This all makes sense. There were so many signs.
It must be nice having all the answers.
Everything could just cease to exist.
Everything is in order. The same doctor
Only clues.
It's everything. If there was one thing you could pick out you'd try to fix it,
Everything has a hidden meaning.
Everything was going right.
All very positive. Yeah.
Nothing ever changed.
Everything was gonna be fine, it was just going to be this stupid little secret
It's too late.
All in good time.
It just all happened so fast.
It's all happening too soon. You moving in.
It's all happening so fast and it sort of feels like it has nothing to do with me.
Out of the blue.
Having all this happen at once, A marriage, a baby,
Like it came so natural.
Everything is happening so quickly...
How slow all of a sudden.
It got very real very fast and I panicked.
The history of the problem
The same area where all that happened.
It all went down pretty fast, I mean.
It'll all come naturally. Isn't that right, Pullo?
Everything comes from the East.
It all came from the stars, but how?
Who owes everything to some unknown alien scientist
A dumbing down.
Everything checked out. Sounds like you had a pretty tough day.
Yeah, it's over.
They're all labelled in terms of time.
That everything will happen when you want it,
Everything glittered and was golden.
And it will all come true.
Things have been great now
Everything's hunky - dory， because you got me in the sack 
Everything was kind of fuzzy.
All a blur of sparkly.
And things were booming along.
We got it going on.
That would be this working.
It was just getting good.
Everything's changing.
Everything comes back normal.
Ready for normalcy. - good.
Things in common, old friends.
Everything's all right， Just calm down. I am calm. I'm calm.
Everything fine?
Is everything all right? This isn't about me, right?
Is everything okay? What? Nothing's wrong.
Everything all right, madam?
Is everything all right, ma'am? What do you want?
Is everything all right, ma'am ?- what do you want?
Is everything okay?
Is everything okay? Oh, my God.
Is everything all right? I think so
And everything's cool, right?
Everything's fine. This is true.
Everything seemed fine.
Everything was fine until her phone rang.
Have they been normal？
Everything all right? Fine.
Well, everything is on track.
Everything's dead, Lincoln.
Everything is dead quiet, it seems almost eerie.
Everything is fucked.
It's totally ruined,
Ruined everything!
It's all been spoiled and wasted,
That's how the whoIe thing got screwed up. I broke the covenant.
You have ruined everything
Totally in ruins!
There is nothing to worry about.
Everything's brighter than it was a week ago.
Everything's much easier than for us.
Everything was so much more amazing than I could've imagined.
It all went faster than planned.
There was no ambiguity!
It all feeIs so random... What we're doing？
It just strikes suddenly， without warning.
It all means so little.
Have gone right back into her hands, don't you think?
Somehow you know when the time is right.
Zat explains everything!
It's never too late.
And the gibes of all
Everything is gone.
Is everything... Gone?
The breeze all
It's all gone now. Everything I ever made.
Everything's gone but the Lise insurance.
This is it, mark.
Everything's going great today. 
And everything turned out okay.
Everything's all right
So things are all right?
Everything's all right now. My dearest.
Everything's all right. Just calm down
It will be okay, Anna.
Things are fine now. I ran a test.
Everything will be all right. Trust me.
That everything is okay.
Everything's fine. You need rest.
And everything is okay.
Hey, everything okay?
Everything all right? Did that tremor throw off the system?
Everything cool here, baby? - you remember Seymour.
Is everything okay? Absolutely. 
Everything's fine. There's an ambulance on the way already.
Everything's gonna be OK.
It's all good, babe.
Everything's alright! Calm down!
It's all right, little ones.
Everything's alright I'm here
Everything's fine. Thanks.
It is what it is.
It was pretty uneventful.
So we're all good there.
Got you at the end of the day.
well, that's all right
It's okay... Fly first class.
It's all about the variables.
Nothing is ready.
It never happened.
None of it's happening.
It's all still there.
Nothing's changed, huh?
Nothing has changed, has it?
Nothing's been decided yet. The autopsy report
It was all just for nothing!
This doesn't make any sense anymore.
For either of us, did they?
It hasn't changed. Let's go.
So we lost everything? We never had everything.
Everything was all right.
It is not ready.
It hasn't happened.
It didn't all happened. It was all planned, right?
It's always now.
Too many things haven't changed. Like what?
It would never stop.
We had no warning I was doing dishes when I got the call
All are nonsense
It means nothing.
Nothing matters.
Kiss of the bitch.
It's meaningless, she's suffocating.
Nothing has gone according to the goddamn plan!
And nothing is going the way we planned.
Always just stays the same!
But nothing has changed
No change.
Nothing's changing, you know,
Nothing has changed. I'm still a pig, you're still a human vacuum cleaner.
Everything's fine. These things take time.
Everything will be fine. Oatmeal's ready.
Nothing works.
Nothing is working.
Everything isn't so fixed.
And everything would be all right.
Nothing's wrong,
Everything is fine, and everything is completely normal.
It'll all be taken care of.
Everything's all right. You'll be all right.
That nothing's wrong right now?
Things are cool, aren't they, mum?
Is everything okay?
Everything all right in there? don't come in.
Is everything all right, doctor?
I'll check this with the manager. Mr. Murdock.
Everything's fine. I went out with your sister.
That's absolutely no problem.
It's all right, 
Everything's fine, all you gotta do is stand up.
Everything is gonna be okay. I know it.
Everything's fine, aunt Josephine.
All right, everything checks out, so let's get you paid.
Now I can't.
It's in his blood.
Well, everything's coming up us, kid.
Everything was dead and not a soul was Ieft in the world.
Like everything else.
That everything's away now
Everything is fading. We're no longer here.
That that's it, it's over?
Everything fell apart. He couldn't write anymore.
When all seems lost, the future unknowable,
Have all passed away.
Everything got all off.
Everything was made clear.
Everything went white.
Everything clear? Perfectly clear.
And it was just as clear as day.
It's been wiped clean.
Things are looking up, Giselle.
All from one...
It all begins with a curse.
It comes in their dreams.
It all started with your $200, let's show him how to gamble.
It aII started on the streets of Detroit,
It was all a little bet we made to see just how gullible you could be.
All of this started when I put this ring on my finger.
It all started with the book. A book?
This all began on the train to Cardiff, appropriately enough,
Everything depends on that code. Did you understand anything?
Is everything satisfactory?
Is everything satisfactory? Everything except the interruption.
Everything looks beautiful. Thanks.
Everything became this big conspiracy.
Everything dies.
Everything was destroyed.
Could end?
It just went up like that,
Everything is nailed in our memory,
And everything gets cleaned away.
Every plan I had vanished.
Everything burns
Everything will be swell then.
I did everything you asked.
Everything was done as it was supposed to be done.
It's all right here, honey.
Everything is on straight ahead. In fact don't tell anyone.
Everything is kept just as Mrs. De winter liked it.
Everything's worked out just as we'd hoped.
Make sure you lock everything up good, all right?
This is done by the book.
All protocol was followed, sir.
It was done by the book until you rewrote it!
Everything is complete as planned.
It's all going to plan. He's half in love with her already.
Everything just went out.
Impregnable to about anything but artillery.
Everything is looking different now.
We're all his
And it's understood
It's all okay. It 'sokay because I turned thirty today.
Water brings on an explosion of life
We have looked through everything.
My name's on everything, right?
I guess it all begins with a scientist.
Everything is done up by cellphone.
And that it's out of his control.
Leader of everything.
Everything is in the hands of the gods.
You're choosing everything.
That was decided by your votes last night.
To even begin to make things up to you.
And it's on your conscience.
It's ours for the taking.
It's all done through our nonprofit corporation.
And do all of it without a corporation
We've taken care of everything? We've just hired a valet and confirmed a caterer.
I'll do everything.
I'm gonna take care of all this. You have nothing to worry about, all right?
And I will make all the arrangements.
I'll do all the work. I got us that building back there.
And that's how this works, okay?
I've got this under control.
My great grand father Sozin happend.
Everything's going digital.
He does everything electronically.
Everything goes to my next of kin. What about you?
Everything is crazy now.
Than the best of humanity.
And everything's pointing to fifth column.
Everything's the same.
Everything would have been fine if you'd just...
Everything worked for me, up until the chapter on your first campaign.
Everything's fairly dire.
It's in God's hands now.
There's a lot riding on this night. Not just for me.
I guess the radish is in your basket now.
You're taking all the chances.
It's up to you now. Here we go. Here we go.
So much depends on this working out.
Well, everything looks good except for one thing.
Makes everything a painting.
It all looks fantastic, man.
Everything looks in order.
All seems very neat and peaceful, doesn't it?
Everything looks delicious.
None of this looks familiar. Are you sure we're going the right way?
It's just the straight from it to certain death.
Everything really will be over.
Everything is getting really scary and really crazy.
This is real, and this is gonna be your new life.
You may find that hard to believe,
Everything's coloured, everything, you know？
Everything comes out.
Everything breaks.
Things fall apart.
Everything's falling apart I've lost my wife, my daughters, my onetime mistress, my son.
This is so messed up.
Everything's all messed up. What's messed up?
Things are wrapping up, so I'm betting it's soon.
It will meet in secret, if your Majesty agrees.
Everything's been orderly, and it's all gone like clockwork.
Hubby's dead, the cubs have been slaughtered,
It all happened real fast.
It sort of turned into a reenactment of the inquisition.
Everything that points to the profile,
Everything's still holding within operational parameters.
Everything on the up-and-up ?
It fits everything but the nosebleed.
Simplifies everything. You get your life back.
If things would've been easier.
Let's just get this over with, Cartman.
Everything is accounted for fairy godmother except for one potion. What?
Everything counts.
But everything is going well.
Everything pretty much sucks.
You know, as awful as all of this is
Everything's going to shit right now, OK?
And it was all a little bit rubbish.
Everything's faliing apart
Things get really bad!
Everything's going to hell, Ernie.
Everything's bad now, I know... - stop talking.
Sort of stretched.
Everything is tested and ready for use.
Nothing is left to chance.
It fits together.
All to be over
It's done.
After everything you've done,
All finished.
And so it ended.
But it's all over now.
He's throwing in the towel.
Issue closed?
It's all over
That's it, man.
The mass has ended. Go in peace to love and serve the Lord.
This game over? Game's not over.
Everything is over! Everything is over!
It was done. Less than a minute.
It's over. don't come to my house, don't touch me.
It's all over. Daniel's accepted and handed in his keys
It's over. Why don't you give it a rest?
It's all over, honey.
It's over, baby. You missed. - That's charitable of you.
It's all over, darling. We're going home.
Then it's over. All of this is meaningless.
It's over. You don't understand. They made me do it.
It's over. You're out.
It's all over. What's your name?
All is done now. You can go off and love your husband,
It's over. I'm your only hope.
All are finished, you get what you want
Then it's all over do whatever you want
It's over. Are you crazy?
It's over. You know that, right?
It is done. You are free, my love.
It's over, and you're under arrest.
It's over, brother. It's over. OK.
It's done, senior Garza.
It's over, doc. There's nowhere to go.
It's over, Jim.
It's over I will decide when it's over
It's over，Spence
It's over. Agreed.
Is it over?
So the game's up. The chickens have come home to roost.
It was all over in less than a minute.
It's over. Good.
It's over! - that was easy.
It's over! That was easy.
It's over. She's gonna die.
It's over. She's gone.
It's over. She knows it.
It is over, sister.
It's over, honey.
It's all over. - so that's it? Then we failed?
Case closed. Let's shoot them.
It's over. 
It's over. It shortly will be, yeah.
It's over, Gusano. Let Dakota go.
Now that it's over, I don't want to talk about it any more.
It's over, I'm not running anymore.
It's done, and I'm sorry for everything.
It's gone, and I'm coming home.
This is the end. We're all doomed.
It's all over with now. We might as well not even show up to graduation.
We're finished. It's over we're done.
It's so over. And it was wrong.
And that's final. I decide what's final!
It's over. I'm finished.
It's over. - I knew it.
That's over. I signed the divorce papers.
This is over! I'm take her in.
Then it's over. I didn't call the police, but don't push me.
It's over. I'm go home now.
This is it. I'm letting him go.
It's over. I win.
It's over, Dana.
It's over. So if you just...
That's it. Shoot him, robo.
It's over, Tom! Put down your weapon!
It's all over. It's OK. It's over.
It's over. - no.
It's over. Fuck you!
And it's over and then he calls four times in one morning.
It's over, Trevor.
It's over, Marietta. Mandy and I were a terrible mistake， I've come back foryou.
It is all over, momon.
What we do now？ that it's over.
It's over, Percy.
It's over.
It's over, Jean.
They're past, pimenov. It's finished.
Now, it's over and it's been an incredible journey
It's over, Forster.
It's over, Costa, you're under arrest.
End of the line, Millicent.
Party's over, Miro!
Now that it's all over, after this incredible ordeal, what are your feelings?
It's over. It's over.
No way we survive this. Death is coming!
It's over, Eddie.
It's over. Come with me.
Is over, done with and forgotten, okay?
I'm done here. - you're not done here.
It's over, it's over.
It's over... So over.
It's over. And unless you want the whole world to know you run a high - class prostitute ring,
So what are you gonna do when all this is over?
When this is all over, why don't you do it?
When this is over, you're gonna do something for me. - what?
We'll leave this place together when all of this is over.
Once this whole thin is over and done, we're gonna get back there.
I'll tell you when it's over.
Now when this is all over, you need to tell me where you're registered.
It's all over, my princess.
I'll see you when it's all over.
Of what's gonna happen to me when all this comes to an end.
When all this is over, someone's buying the first round. 
At the end, I mean.
You can have everything.
Everything has been arranged.
Has everything been explained to you?
Everything's ready for you. Thank you.
It's the undertaking.
It was really nice.
It's so passe.
Couldn't be a lot of words?
It's all connected. Shut up.
We have the chain.
Everything comes out exact.
So everything can start over.
I mean is to go back and start over.
And things can stay the way they are.
And everything goes back to normal.
They say that things will be okay,
Is it as good as we hoped?
Thing that'll work out.
Nothing you can sing that can't be sung
Everything can wait, we must search.
Everything can stay the same.
Can solve everything. 
Which way our hearts will go.
Meant we could always be that open.
Everything else gets shorted.
The whole deck's gonna be reshuffled. Seven, six, five.
You sure that thing's gonna hold you up?
You stayed after all the others deserted.
And everything somehow seems right.
The curtain falls. An iron curtain.
So all this was for nothing.
Kept it inside didn't tell no - one else.
With everything staring down at us,
Those moments where everything sort of comes together.
Everything working?
All factors suggest he has nothing to lose.
Everything about this guy says he was on the up - and - up.
Probably cost him a stripe. So where's the diamonds and the bassinets, huh?
It was bad work all around. I'll take the heat.
Everything points to someone who fled after the shooting.
All of which would suggest that Moriarty may be right.
You look totally in control
Everything was already done by the native people 2,000 years ago
everything hurts so bad
And you messed it all up.
And ruined everything!
You ruined everything.
Everything is squeezed for you
You were right - about everything.
The hillside was like ice cream.
Everything was cold and frozen.
Everything's frozen.
Everything has been taken away. So that really sent me into a tail spin.
She's destroying everything!
It's already decided.
I'm the only one doing any work here.
Everything's shit, dad.
Everything is being twisted into a sort of tunnel shape.
All totally wiped down. Almost like it was...
They've taken everything. - not quite everything.
Everything has been destroyed.
So everything was destroyed?
It changes everything.
It changes everything
Everything was inventoried.
Everything is ruined.
And, in fact everything has been cleaned up and put away.
Everything charred virtually beyond recognition.
Everything's been approved, so we're on.
Everything was restricted, everything was censored.
Everything is backwards now, like out there is the true world
And all in darkness.
By the time you get back.
It all started when.
It started a little over a year ago.
I had to learn everything all over again, you know?
It all starts with the starlight scope,
Everything's going to change now, isn't it?
Because it's always about you.
Does everything have to be about you?
It's important that everything look right.
We relied on it for everything.
Everything had to be confidential.
Everything is classified there
Now just keep it simple. Just like we practice.
And all with the strength of that rose.
Everything has to be moved up
Everything's coming apart.
Everything must be perfect.
It all depends on other people.
Everything is going to change.
Okay, move on, Angela!
The attending takes the lead.
Everyone must obey orders
You'll be doing what the doctors say. Got it?
And I am now calling the shots.
And he wants it by tomorrow night.
Everything's coming to an end.
That everything's perfect for Mr. Debris
Perfection, people.
I want to make sure everything is perfect.
All must hurry. This will all be over in moments.
Everything should just be on the table.
Everything has to be cleaned.
Everything receives a spit and a polish.
She wants fabulous that is her simple request
I want fabulous that is my simple request
And it's thanks to her.
I have to do everything!
I'm trying to do it by myself. I can't just pull up stakes and take off by myself.
I need to do it on my own.
Everything is packed
Everything must to be your way.
Everything was going according to the little girl's plan,
Your informant is making all the rules.
And everything was going to plan.
Everything in its proper box.
All that was going to change.
That's all gonna change.
It's all going to change.
I want only dummy text and up on that wall.
Everything must be fast, loud, noisy
Find out everything about her, and bring her to me tonight.
Everything is fucked up.
Everything washed a whole new cycle.
This is happening according to our way.
It was imperative that everything went according to plan.
We do everything in writing. 
Everything depends on what you make of this opportunity.
It wasn't me it was you
Wait until we are in uniform, my boy.
It all ends here.
This has to end.
It was curtains and everybody knew it, but nobody said so.
End of the line, cool breeze.
Everything steamed, organic and germ - free.
Everything needs to be destroyed. Every last bolt.
Everything's got to be perfect for.
Thanks for everything. Pleasure.
Everything in moderation.
It'll all be quick.
This plays out by the book. Not in a back room with a rubber hose.
There are laws.
All hunched up, pretending to be so damned understanding.
It all had to be very discreet
You have to make every move your own.
That's what makes the whole thing work.
It all depends on the heat shield.
It's amazing what you can come to take for normal.
Everything is in its place.
Everything is solved.
Everything's worked out, you're going to the convention.
It's all been sorted out. Back to normal.
Everything's settled. I fixed it.
Everything's fine, dad. We decided not to go.
Well, we got it all worked out, sweetie!
It closes the circle.
It's all for all real.
It's all for real
It's all for real, I'm telling you just how I feel,
It's all in play.
Well, it was all slotting into place
Planning so that I don't brake unnecessarily.
Everything's timed out to perfection.
Everything's been worked out so the image hits the right spot.
Everything's booked. So the really big question is where are we going to stay?
All this gives me a stomachache.
He got everything.
Say everything that's upsetting you.
Whatever comes next.
It's terrifying for me.
And I'm just thrilled about everything.
I ruined everything.
Refreshing.
It was never dull.
It all makes sense.
Everything's set. Where'd she find him?
All the right notes.
All confirming that he is not my son.
It just goes to show - vulgar.
Let's stop all this.
Everything is rational.
And everything is supposed to be perfect.
Everything is supposed to end.
Let's get this thing over with...
All shall be forgotten.
All that's forgotten?
All shall be forgotten? You don't say.
None of this makes any sense. He just hurt his arm, dad.
Makes perfect sense.
I mean it all adds up.
And it appears they worked as a team.
Everything about this place stinks of "government ops".
That's all there is to it.
It all makes sense now.
It all makes so much sense.
Everything's been negotiated.
Thanks for everything.
Everything is totally clear now.
And it was all out in the open?
It all makes sense now, doesn't it?
Being where you supposed to be. You believe in that?
And has somehow made it look like you did it.
Everything looked clear like glass.
It all seems so long ago
Being in the right place.
It all started with the gangs. You know, people tend to forget that.
It started here with a vow to never let this happen again.
It all began with the very first molecule.
It all began Able's garage.
Than you can possibly imagine, because he loves you.
Everything is just super.
Things are finally back to normal.
It could be forever and ever and ever.
This was rock bottom.
Everything is exactly the way it was before.
Everything turned out the way you wanted.
Everything that follows is a result of what you see here.
It was about who you are, what you are, or what you believe in.
It happened just like you said it would.
It's all got to do with the rabbit's foot.
And how this all connects to the mayor.
Everything's been just like usual.
Is everything like usual?
Oh, because it's all about luck.
Everything out here has to be sexualized.
Nothing like I thought it would be.
That's just how I dreamed of it.
Everything's exactly the way I left it.
Everything just like on my funny little map.
It all has to do with Warner Kaminsky.
You're so dramatic.
This has everything to do with the cops.
It's about the money.
It's about food.
It's in the shadows.
The context shifts. Things you thought were luxuries become essential.
Everything's over so quickly
It all goes into the computer and gets sent back to network.
Everything's up to code.
Everything passes on.
All have past
All in the past.
All that's gone now. Can I call you next weekend?
After all that's passed, knowing all you know now.
Is it all over?
Well, it's all working out, huh?
It's gone. What happened to it?
It's all over now. Think about me.
It's over, now we can get on with the rest of our lives.
Passing is passing.
Everything's all right. I'm going to take you home.
All is forgiven, my little ladybug.
That was low, going over my head like that.
It's over. Dad!
So this is over. Finished.
Let it go, Maurice.
It's over, okay?
It's all for the best. All for the best.
There, there.
And now it's over, and we're just friends.
I feel like time will go by and we'll all run into each other
It's already started. This is it.
Just all went by so fast.
And that problem disappears.
Have worked pretty good.
Everything is pretty and perfect.
Everything's perfectly normal.
Everything is still the same.
Until we have gathered the rest.
Everything is so uncertain! Sir William says my life is still in danger.
That's a good thing, right?
Is it too late, darling?
Are you settling all right?
Everything would still be running normally.
Because they live in my memory.
And things would be just like they were? Thanks for making the time.
I don't feel like anything is missing.
It's still a work in progress, but Rome wasn't built in a day.
Everything is still operational. The emergency system is already rerouting power.
Boy, everything looks so good.
Everything all right in here?
Is everything okay? Were you worried about little about me?
Everything is OK? Very well.
Everything okay? It's great, thanks.
Everything's okay, but you gotta stay still. Where's Sam?
Things were going well until she wanted to...
Is everything okay with... - waffles.
Uh, well, everything is okay, but we have no way to leave.
Yeah, it's all right, so long as you keep your head down and do your bird.
Everything all right up there?
To make sure everything was okay.
We okay?
That make everything okay now?
Is everything okay, Giovanni?
Is everything okay, honey?
Is everything okay? Your son?
Everything okay? You been going to your doctor's appointments?
How's everything going? What do you think?
Is everything okay, sir?
Everything go all right, lieutenant?
Is everything okay with... Waffles.
Is everything alright, Mrs Goodfellow?
Everything all right? Uh, not exactly.
Is everything all right? Oh, yes, indeed.
Is everything okay? Yeah, yeah. Sorry, sorry.
Everything all right? Yeah, I'm just doing some thinking.
How did everything go? - great!
Is everything okay? No, I'm fine.
Is everything all right? Angela, I have to go to my brother's for a while.
Everything okay over there, pen?
Everything cool? I'm cool, man.
Is everything fabulous? Yes. I didn't know you were here.
Is everything okay, Dexter?
Is everything okay? We just got a call from the alarm company.
Is everything all right? Did we do something wrong?
Is it all set? Hope so.
Everything okay? - I'm good.
Everything good here? Just fine.
Everything okay? - yeah, these gentlemen were just leaving.
Everything alright? - yeah.
Everything's OK? yes.
Is everything okay? - I'm fine.
Is it going well? Yes.
Is everything okay? Oh, yeah. Everything's good.
Is everything okay here? Yeah, thanks.
Is everything all right? Yes, thank you.
Is everything okay? What's the situation?
Everything come out okay? Splendid. I'm fine.
Is everything okay? It's nothing important.
Is everything okay? It is now.
Everything OK? Can I help?
So, everything worked out OK? - yeah, thank God.
How's everything? Everything's good.
Is everything okay? It's fine.
Is everything okay? Is there anything inside me?
Everything all right down there?
Everything alright?
Hey, is everything all right,
How are... How are things?
I hope everything's OK.
Everything okay? Nothing's okay.
Everything all right, darling? Oh, terrific. I'm just eating.
Is everything okay? He took his first step.
Everything okay? Would you like to talk? About?
Is everything okay? What are you thinking about?
Is everything all right, ma`am，what do you want?
Is everything okay, Clark?
Everything okay? It's really sad with the closure.
Is everything okay? Did something happen?
Is everything okay? What's the matter?
Everything all right, senator?
Everything okay? - Oh, yeah, things are great.
Everything okay? 
Everything all right? Yeah, everything's fine.
Oh, is everything okay? Yeah, it's just the usual.
Everything okay, Nightjar? Anything I need to know?
Everything okay, Signora?
Everything okay? - it's great, thanks.
How's things? How are the kids? 
So, is everything OK, little girl?
Is everything all right here, Brenda? Yeah.
Is everything all right? - sure.
Is everything okay? Yeah, why?
Is everything all right? I don't know, annik.
Was everything okay? - I lost her for a little bit.
Everything all right? I thought I saw an argument.
Is everything okay? I mean, you're not having any problems, are you?
Everything okay? I don't want to talk to her right now.
Is everything okay? What do you have on Bertrand?
Everything okay? Sorry.
Are things going okay? Yes.
Everything OK? Yeah. I'm just tired.
Is everything okay? Oh, yes, fine.
Everything okay? Yes, it's wonderful here.
Everythingall right here, folks? Great. Thank you.
Everything okay over there ?
Is everything okay, dad? - not bad.
Everything's under control. Everything is just fine.
The wean's all right. That's not the point!
Is everything all right? Yeah, yeah.
Have you had quiet guard?
Everything is fuzzy.
It's just fate.
My parade shall be quite dry under my umbrella!
Everything is just so by the numbers.
We still don't know anything for sure.
It's mysterious.
Seems like everything's going back exactly the way it was.
You are seeing nothing yet.
Well, everything's unpacked.
Near the border of Afghanistan.
All that needs to be done,
Nothing wrong?
Everything seemed okay until Wednesday night.
It's not over.
It's not yet too late.
Nothing's set in stone yet. So, you're not denying it.
This isn't over.
This isn't over, you mark my words.
Things aren't finished, right?
Is everything alright? You scoundrels want me to die.
Is everything to your satisfaction?
Is everything in order? Yes.
Is everything... - right now!
It's all being arranged right now.
Nothing will have settled down, yet.
Well, that's all fine and dandy
Everything okay here?
Are you guys okay? 
Yeah, thank you.
Is everything all right, darling?
So, everything's going okay with you.
How's everything going? Yeah, good. You want a seat?
Everything all right? No, it fucking isn't all right.
Everything is so messed up.
It's perfect.
Everything so new and exciting.
Everything is so crisp and clear and beautiful
It's all new and fresh and exciting.
Everything was normal？
Everything is so perfect
Everything's such a mess.
It's just beautiful.
Everything is so beautiful.
Everything's so nice and romantic.
It all slipped away.
Everything's so black.
Everything's so dark.
Everything rests in the graveyard.
All in a better place.
I mean everything was booming, okay?
And everything was going off without a hitch.
And it all worked out quite well
Everything was going great.
It's all falling together perfectly.
This is all working out for the best
This is all happening too fast.
And everything was going great.
Everything was running smoothly, except for one small detail.
And things were progressing, if you know what I mean.
I'm taking my time.
And I was having a real impact until...
You take everything in stride.
Everything is moving so quickly, it will be nice to slow it down.
All going very well actually.
And that's successful,
When everything doth make a gleeful boast?
That's worked really, really well.
And everything is going perfect. We'll see you there?
Everything was going great till the gardener showed up.
Everything's going fine, okay? Stop worrying.
Everything's going just fine.
It isn't over till it's over.
Everything is linked.
It's all coming together.
Is everything okay, dad? Not bad.
She likes she knows everything.
I see everything.
Everything gradually regained normalcy. Only my brother, My son.
Getting near the road again.
Everything was going through.
And everything is terrible.
What we used to call functionalism.
Everything obeys all the laws of physics and logic.
With everything laid out in an orderly fashion?
Everything was so bad.
And all the same things
And this was cloudier.
Everything is so serious.
Everything's so tedious.
None of it made any sense.
It's all so confusing. Who knows?
Everything is strange
And everything's great, but it's only a matter of time
Everything is so good, We're going great.
Everything seems funny, it all looks good.
All the trimmings!
And your life will be perfect.
Everything perfect, everyone happy,
It happened all so slowly.
So fresh and exciting
Everything got done so quickly.
And it's all so dramatic, 
And everything just sounds so interesting,
All been very interesting, hasn't it?
It was so romantic.
It was messed up
Everything was so clear.
It's all so boring.
It all feels too familiar
It was all so real.
Everything so far, so far away.
All very authentic.
It's so true and I owe it all to you
Everything's simple. I mean you don't play games.
Everything's just gone so wrong.
None of this is okay.
Every pebble here is filled with magnificence. 
It was just so natural.
It's all very cosy.
All have ourselves a real big laugh.
You had such lovely things.
Everything is so good.
It's all obvious.
And everything was bright
It all just feels so arbitrary.
It all worked perfectly until that kiss.
Had been anything but,
Everything is fine.
Everything is full of dust,
All that's been lost.
And it got everything wrong!
With everything going so wrong, you have to wonder,
This is wrong. This is so wrong.
It all began one Tuesday after school.
Everything shines.
And that's when everything changed,
This changes everything.
Let things go their way.
Everything was buried with him.
And... Let go?
Everything is coming up Carlos!
That they'll never be the same.
Nothing can ever escape
Everything was just focused on the future all the time. And now.
Everything will be on the test and the test will be everything.
All things are made anew.
And everything stopped.
Have all passed away
It all happened very publicly.
And it's all down to very innovative stuff, like the fuel tank, which is very shallow and very long,
Everything is perfectly fine.
Oh, it's going... Great!
We're perfect.
Everything is amazing. We deserve high - fives.
It was quiet and oncentrated.
It went perfectly. 
Everything is chaos and all gone to hell. How did it get to be Iike this?
Everything is chaos. It's all gone to hell. How did it get to be like this?
It was all very clear.
Everything is very gratifyingly... Okay.
Which would be completely romantic and amazing,
This is so simple.
And things seem to be going great
Everything had gone very very well,
It all rests on him.
But I know that I can depend on you,
It's all riding chickon you, champ.
I'm counting on you. You gotta keep him busy until I can get everyone together.
Everything depends upon you, my dear brother,
You're all I can count on，Thank you.
It's all you.
It's all up to us, isn't it?
It all depends on what we can do in the next seven days.
Held my own, sir.
It's all about timing,
Death is coming for everyone and everything.
And be resigned to it.
It's going okay.
It went really well - no, no, you know what? You didn't step in.
Would you say everything is well.
It worked out perfectly seeing him. They were perfect.
Everything was all right. Only I had to take care of a guy.
Everything OK?
How's everything going? Well, I - I.
Everything OK, kiddo?
Anything good? Yeah.
Go okay?
Is everything okay? What's going on?
You got everything under control? The guy gave us trouble.
Things are going okay. 
It's okay. Project Santa is under control.
They'll let me be a senior a fourth time.
Everything is working out for us. I felt so excited.
Well, all the signs were there.
Things are going really swimmingly, you know.
When things are going really good for me,
Soon. Is everything prepared?
Everything is backwards now.
Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world
Was it ever the same again?
Everything is dark!
It's all getting turned upside down now.
Everything here?
So this is it, right?
Six ways to Sunday with a bad work number.
Of intoxication.
I take everything back.
Postpone any major decisions till the end of the season.
Starting everything all over again or give your last performance.
Started again.
I'm getting a fresh start and making new friends.
All's well with the world again.
And start over
Start fresh.
And start again.
Meet again and change your fate!
Like, I just want to start completely fresh. You ever feel like that, Frankie?
Let's start over, okay?
And life it begin again.
Whereof our uncle gaunt did stand possessed.
Everything. - wallets, ATM cards, all of it.
Blaming all your shit on everyone else.
It's your fault for starting all this
Not sleeping with men right away actually paid off.
Everything. A little shut - eye, maintenance for the eyes.
And that's where it all went wrong.
You've got this all worked out, don't you?
That's how you get to the bottom of anything.
All my business was handled.
All your problems will vanish, victory will be yours.
All these questions surround one uncertainty -
Uh, yeah, we're just smoothing out the kinks.
Everything! Sun, sand, sea!
Anythinggets in your way... Forge your signature.
These walls of steel 
Everything, but you!
Everything except the waltz,
Everything, except my life.
Everything will fall asleep
Anything you want.
Whatever is your pleasure.
However you want to play it.
It's entirely up to you.
And follow our hearts?
It's all about your heart.
Be alert and flexible.
Let the chips fall where they may.
Let's leave it to fate. Good - bye.
Whatever they are.
This universe is listening.
Let go, let flow. Cheers!
Let go, let flow. That's right.
More than words can say
All rolled into one.
Since all assemblies have been outlawed, I cannot imagine that it does.
All rain will hereby promptly cease and desist.
We'll call it water under the dam, and we' ll go about our business.
All the more reason to tell somebody.
Whatever resources you may need
And then shook it until everything fell out.
And all is quiet.
Past or in more recent times, it is somewhat humanoid.
Only thing not powered by the fuel of the sun is our passion.
It got pretty ugly.
Perfectly perfect in every way.
You have to take it.
I'm relying on you, lad.
No one to take your hand 
All by myself 
The evidence speaks first middleberge get your point, stop wasting court's time
All masks eventually have to come off, and with them so do the gloves.
Things never get back to the way they were.
The heart wants what it wants.
Whatever happens, happens.
Whatever will be 
We'll figure it out when we get there.
It goes out on its own.
Let fate take care of the rest. No, I can't do lunch.
Let's just let this play out and see what happens, okay?
It will all work out, omkar.
You just go with the flow.
Well, that will come down to what it always comes down to.
It was the way it was supposed to be
All going very steady.
All right! Yes!
Alright?
It worked out great,
In a week you'll be taking nothing but aspirin.
Things are good? Things are good.
Coming through. Coming through.
All is well. Mom told me you got a job counseling vets now.
It's all taken care of. Just make sure you're back by the 12th.
Everything going well?
Is everything all right? Yes, it worked.
It's ideal. He's already in.
Everything's fine， he's disarmed now.
Everything's good. Where have you been?
How's it going? How are you?
Everything's good. You coming in now?
Everything's good. You'll even get a medal.
I'm doing all right. You're looking good.
Home stretch, papi.
Have a nice day, sir.
Have a nice day， sir. shut up!
Whole package on board. Over and out.
Looking good. I can smell syndication.
All go smoothly?
Did it all go well?
Everything okay? It will be.
Everything alright? Did you tie them up well?
Is everything all right? You seem a little.
Everything cool? Yeah.
Everything OK? - yeah.
Is everything all right? A patient
Anything good? - yeah.
Everything in order, Mr Baxter?
Is everything all right? Of course.
Everything turn out okay? Fine.
How was it? Fine.
It's all okay? We're good.
Is everything all right? I'm in, aren't I?
Did it go alright? We can't find the last container.
Everything all right? - I can fix it.
Is everything all right, Thomas?
Are we good? - yes sir.
Is everything all right? Yeah, everything's great.
Is everything all right? All well sir.
Well? - got it!
Is everything okay, Mrs. Tedanski?
Is everything okay? - Marisa's been arrested.
Is everything OK? don't mention it
Everything all right, boss?
How's it going, captain?
Everything okay? Such a long time.
Everything all right, sir?
Get through all right, sir?
Did everything go alright?
Everything's all right? What time -
Don't worry, no one suspects a thing.
All going well. Very good, sir.
How's it going? - I'm never drinking again. I promise.
Everything okay? Yeah, everything's fine.
Everything good? Male on deck! 
Everything all right? Absolutely Sure.
Goodness, meekness, and every virtue, father.
Break your legs.
Things are going fine.
That was smooth - hey, I got to proven
That went rather well, didn't it? - a triumph, Mr gray.
Everything okay? Yeah, I'm okay, Eddie.
It's all good. Well, that's a relief.
It's nice when things work out.
Okay,great. Okay.
Good day, ladies.
Everything's fine. She's almost there. She's being very brave.
What if things go well, and she gets released?
All good? Not really.
It went fine. Eat.
Have a great day. Okay.
Good to go, mom. We're ready!
Everything's okay. Baby.
Things are good? - things are good.
It's going good, huh? Nice party.
Is everything okay? Yeah, 
Right as rain. 
And everything was fine. Good.
Everything all right? I'm not sure.
Everything's fine, yeah, but we're supposed to arrive in Los Angeles in about four hours.
Everything's okay. We're fine in here. Thank you.
Well, everything is great. I just dropped her off.
Everything's great. I got the couch, the dog's gonna stay.
Nothing's wrong. I know. That's exactIy what is wrong.
It's going well, I think. Don't you think?
Everything's fine the surgery went well
Have a good day. - bye.
Good luck. Bye.
We're on schedule. Take it easy.
Everything - everything's fine, right?
Everything okay? Oh, yeah, yeah.
Doing all right? Yeah， I think my biceps are coming in.
Are you okay? Yep.
Everything in order? Yes, sir.
Onward. Yeah. I mean so far so good.
Everything okay? - yeah. Yeah, of course.
Have a nice day, Mrs Joubert.
All the best, Jerri.
We are all good. Just setting off the last camera.
Everything is alright, no problems.
So, everything went all right? No problems?
Stay out of trouble. Come back in one piece. Good luck.
Have a nice day, porky.
Which is goirg surprisirgly well.
It means everything's okay.
It's easy to be brave when things are going well.
Maybe if all goes well,
If everything went smooth, he wouldn't hurt a fly.
Everything intact they should do a great job.
Everything goes right, there'll be a helicopter waiting for the three of them.
Everything go well, you'll both get to go home alive. 
But do it right and you've got a magnet
If this goes well, you're gonna grow up wearing name - brand clothes and get braces.
If things work out, we could have it by midnight.
God willing, we'll be out of there by 21:00. Any questions?
With any luck, we'll have her out of the ICU tomorrow.
Not if we do this right.
We should be all set if everything goes smoothly in there
All goes well and I'll call with his locate.
He's flying to Switzerland tomorrow if everything's perfect.
I'm glad it all worked out for you, 
Everything is fine, ishimura.
Good day, father.
all is well, bhaijaan.''
Good luck, Brooksie.
All systems go, captain.
All the best. Okay.
Have a good day. Stay happy.
So everything's OK? You're closing some big deals at the trade show?
It's OK. Let's get out of here. OK.
We're up and running. Remember, I need pulse bio - feedback.
Good luck with everything. Thanks.
Everything's good. Thank you. 
Everything's great, thanks to you.
All the best. Thank you, Airdrie. Wave!
It is all good, let me tell you that it's very, very good.
Things run smooth, they make their money.
It's all good. Uh,situation handled.
Everything OK, chief?
Good luck with everything. Oh, thank you so much.
It went fine. - fine?
The plane is waiting. I hope we have a pilot.
Yeah, you're conveniently married when you wanna be,
Have a nice day.
Everything is all right.
That makes sense of them
It happened when it was supposed to happen.
Everything grows back.
I hope you have preserved all precautions?
Upside down and I can't stop it now 
No torches, no pitchforks,
And everything just flew off.
All engagements of ministers and prominent MPs
This is gonna stop right now.
Preparations are nearly complete.
Was in his element.
Everything was snowballing and snowballing and snowballing.
All this trouble for an empty briefcase.
And all that's best of dark and bright
The bright spot in all the darkness
Everything here is upside down heaven help, Oh the terrible sins
That might occur in your bedroom.
One slice, one jab, one kick.
One and go... Two and go... Three and go.
A train that'll take you far away.
The train that'll take you far away.
You know one run around midnight
The other run just fore day, just fore day
A train that will take you far away.
A passenger train just blew through.
And then cross in a single file.
A more modern caravan.
It's a list of demands - what I need to come back.
A train crashed full of food supplies.
A train doesn't just vanish into thin air.
There was a train coming at us.
There's a train coming to you.
A train and a bridge!
A train leaves at 3 in the morning. Let's catch it.
A mysterious train leaves for 2046 every once in a while
Single - file line, one by one.
Single file. Slow. Careful.
Single file on the bus.
And a nearby train.
A government supply train on its way to chanceiior sutier.
A brain damaged choo train?
A runaway train.
A freight train appeared out of nowhere almost took out a car full of teenagers.
A goods train hitting you at 90 miles an hour will do that to you.
An early commuter train collided with a truck that was apparently crossing the track.
A long train.
A long freight was in there.
One being a low level of coincidence
A worrying piece of news casts a dark shadow over the whole project.
An inspirational story of courage.
A Hungarian news bullet in.
A protocol's been initiated to open the door.
On the one hand it made for great publicity.
Firstly the prince will appreciate this
The mythical story of a king who killed his father and married his mother.
The city of Miami has been gripped with a local news story,
A story we don't want out.
For one thing we got dough.
Advertisement after advertisement about how to have a better life.
It's a news story. It's totally unacceptable.
News footage triggered a match in our system.
A piece of information that simply doesn't exist in my brain. 
The "cattle and grain" text is about a Sumerian legend.
A wondrous tale arose that captured the hearts of the people.
For one, the sun is up, 65 degrees already outside.
One anecdote here: in Kenya a white French woman
Is this all you have to say to me after seven months?
No more. - you're right. Words don't mean much.
You've changed since we last met.
Don't look so grumpy. - I'm not grumpy.
Don't be ridiculous. - Don't be ridiculous yourself.
15 minutes and out.
I'll let you know as soon as it reaches 15.
So, at 7:00, people are showing up at your apartment.
Yeah, one through seven are dead, don't you think?
I don't know why.
Halloween
Authorizations for one to three days.
As soon as we get to the next station, we'll try to lose him
At the next station, get off the train as soon as it stops.
As soon as we get to the next camp,
It starts like an SOB when it rains.
An hour or two before you guys even got here.
One or two interesting remarks?
One or two, okay?
Is the one or two large enough to do some damage, and really, what we want to do
Um, a week or two cause the fall fashion shows are done,
For even one or two days,
And each time, the delectable miss banks.
An inch or two to the left or right,
Occurring between one and two years ago.
Say, one or two more cooks?
For one or both parties studies show.
Over the stamen
One or two feet? Yes. Times.
Once at the center,
You always act weird around Josh.
Echo one niner, target acquired
Though weren't items one through nine？
As you start to travel toward the inner solar system,
Once on the ground, we open our eyes and look around.
Aliens landing secretly in the night,
All right, guys, as soon as we pull up I want everybody out.
All right, guys, as soon as we pull up I want everybody out.
You got to talk about alliance as soon as you step on this island.
Once in every night time, someone comes around.
It is in critical moments that we realize the more people the better
One or two days, depending.
One... On two, start banging away.
Does first to five, mean anything to you?
One to five years.
One to five?
Fly the puddle jumper in stealth mode
Once we reach Houston, we'll head straight on into Mexico,
I just get like this around the holidays.
Once you're in international waters, her policy expires.
Will and reason are paralyzed at the scene.
That when it comes to this chapter, he is a bit shy?
Always cut off at the critical moment
Every winter they snuggle up tight as a drum.
Winter just wasn't my season
When ready for sleep, they get impatient and jealous.
Completely unreliable when they have to go to the doctor?
On a scale of one to ten, how light of foot would you describe yourself,
What do you think Wyatt is on a scale from 1 to 10?
On a scale of one to ten, what do you think you are?
On a scale from one to ten.
Scale of one to ten. How nerve - racking?
One to 10, how's your pain?
Pick any number 'scale of one to ten.
At midnight, I blow you all up, however -
I'm gonna give it to him right during lunch.
It'll be worth twice as much by lunch time.
And call me as soon as you get to Washington, will you?
When we got to Southampton, he got off the ship and returned to America.
It still throbs when it's about to rain.
When you get to the jeep,
Light gets switched off before it reaches the homos?
You had him eating out of the palm of your hand every Sunday
But I'm always like, Sunday, Monday, I'm like, "Oh, my God."
Then on the weekend, country house in the burbs!
It's what we did on weekends.
It's gonna melt in your mouth, like holy communion.
Once they reach forty they vegetate.
Every Christmas, they all watch the godfather
Christmas was always a very busy time at the store.
Double - crossed them once they were down there.
But it reactivates in the summer.
The nights are the worst.
That visit me in the night.
At night I'd lock my door and download
As soon as it gets dark,
Once the sun sets, housemaids fill the streets.
And then it hit me... I had seen her
And since arriving in Hollywood,
Second trimester like clockwork. Bam!
Give me a call as soon as you get home
Okay, you call me the minute you get him home. Okay. 
Once home, I called a local masseur to relieve my fatigue.
I would get in bed the minute we got home.
I'll give you the number as soon as I get home
Bring in the package as soon as I cross.
Then I get there she's dressed head - to - toe in your clothing,
Once there, we'll empty the ship and search for your son thoroughly.
All of that Union stuff, she just couldn't shut up.
And call up simran when you reach Paris.
As soon as you get to Germany you will have direct access.
No sooner do we stop getting shot at,
Everything that comes ingoes out.
For me, they bring in the heavyweight.
I'll call you the minute I have it in my hands.
The moment he had his hands on it, he shut it down,
Call me when you have it.
And will read it as soon as I can manage.
I would've killed you all the second we dug it up,
Anytime there's thunder, she comes to sleep between us.
As soon as we get around the corner,
By the end of the year, they probably won't remember your name.
We're all jumping out as soon as we get to the church.
And come morning,
But then again, mornings can be pretty crazy too.
By the morning what was left of my mind was going to be gone!
I mail my checks on the first.
Come Sunday, lf we don't dellver the 'secret words'，
He tries to commit Hara - kiri every spring
All these Mosou men come knocking on the door of their Babahougas at night 
At night, he makes his own arrangements.
With the fact everything in the museum comes to life at night.
And then she'd spend her whole night in front of the refrigerator scarfing down cold pizza.
She comes back with the night.
It gets lonely at night.
At night and stuff, you know?
They go through my stuff at night.
By night, Paris' biggest department stores dress up the streets.
The lawyer arrived just after sundown.
When night fell, we just panicked,
We have to watch our alpacas at night no
At a certain point during the night I'd hear his footsteps in the hall.
One night, I'd be the high - rolling heir to a pharmaceutical fortune.
In evenings I paid money to Hussein, Chechen who always had butter - yellowish eyes due to opiate abuse.
At night my head starts spinning
And another by night
At night the case doesn't exist.
When you reach the final level,
Something about airports, you know,
I have fits
He always calls me before the matches.
Grandpa take me to Coney island when no one else was around,
They radiate out during the day.
I know I shall be perfectly all right once we arrive.
Once you arrive in Colombo, you have to assume that you are always being followed.
I'll get you the rest once I get settled in new York.
If you don't cooperate,
And when he came to America, he just called himseIf Barone.
I can always give her a bottle once we're in the nursery.
As soon as we get clearance to drive on the course.
Once you're in the boat, move away.
And then over the holidays forget it.
And during the holidays, people you'd never suspect start slicing each other up like Christmas hams.
He becomes a total kiss - ass at gift time, doesn't he?
But when it comes to cleaning one up,
It's such a relief when I get to my name.
Who reaccessorizes between classes.
Call me as soon as the bank receives it.
Never challenge me when it comes to pizza,
When it comes to dance, the insanity takes over, and the dancing goes down the drain.
Full contingent report on arrival.
Let me know the second he arrives.
Let me know the second he arrives. Understood.
I'm going to have to call your mother when we get there.
Set up a police line before you start fucking around.
As soon as we get there we gotta be ready to deploy the tracking devices!
And yet here you are,
I'm kind of a chicken when it comes to that sort of stuff.
There have been things hunting me from the moment we arrived.
Meeting here the other messenger, whose welcome I perceived had poisoned mine,
When we came here
This is where the car just comes alive now.
I've been trapped in the bedroom since I got here.
At that point, he'd go into a rage
I was just saying this is always the awkward part. I'm always good.
It's days like this I wish I was back in civil division.
It always happens in the same place.
Once I arrived I saw shadows upstairs
They had to go to a hospital as soon as we arrived.
When you get there, you go straight to the airport.
They beat you up really bad when you get there.
You call me as soon as you get there, all right? Okay.
Once we get there, I'll have your ride fixed up in a jiffy.
I showed up, and I pretty much found out that my entire existence
I will show her a car the moment I reach there.
Call as soon as you can.
Once we get there, I can get us a boat.
And once there,
Once there, they must use one of these local wheels
Once here, she and the fire dragon will find each other.
Call me as soon as you get there.
We were gonna get married when we got there.
I'll call you as soon as I get there. Do not stop moving!
Once there, red and blue will move up on the East and west side.
We'll shut it down when we hit it.
Well, everything gets tricky at tribal Council.
Soon as it came to question time,
I can always feel it where that panther tore my throat open.
Once we get to the roof, you have to be honest
But once we reach the penthouse, I can call down.
Well, once we get to Massawa, I'll pay for a heli - vac. I don't care what it costs.
When it's urine test time, I substitute my urine for them
Okay, and then once you get to the crossroads of the highway, you're home free.
L won't have my turn when we go back to the palace.
The gloves are off when it comes to the wizard competition.
At sunset, the cacti start to resemble people looking for hugs.
One second, and then nothing.
For a second， I smell the angel smell that belonged to my Goldie.
A fling is not forever
After the sudden cold feeling,
In an instant, our memories can become shadows.
For an instant, a scout class vessel.
In one second, it all just kind of snapped into perspective.
Gets him to confide in her and reports to you.
Just can't stop causing trouble, can you?
Flowing down the valley with unstoppable force.
By transforming its energies from one useful form to yet another.
Nearly every hour of every day for the past year and a half.
With over 200 CCTV cameras.
Forever seeking the heat of power and position.
Drinking and shouting all hours.
All day long.It's driving me crazy.
All the time. Even at night?
Shoreline as never before.
No more stops until we get to new Mexico.
Not wasting any time, are you?
To watch the minutes of this night,
You can't handle not being the center of attention for one night.
Not tomorrow not after breakfast， Now!
That wants to come down here to our house and slide up and down our pole!
Disappeared in a moment.
Not a moment out of contact.
I wouldn't let you go for a moment
Keeps banging on the walls and he won't stop.
It is a place that stinks of blood from never - ending battles.
L sprung into action without delay, - bullshit, you were cleaning your pipe,
Never a dull moment.
I'm so ready.
It never leaves me.
Not while he's out there.
wouldn't want any downtime.
We can't wait another moment.
We haven't a moment to lose.
Not by an hour.
Don't forget that for a minute.
Do not think for a moment
Not one second.
Didn't let her out of our sight.
Never let up.
A quarter past. The dreaded hour approaches.
I'm losing good money here. Sir, the more uncooperative you are,
She left at once, right away.
Well, never a dull moment.
Not a moment more.
You can't get any relief, huh?
Can't get out of here fast enough, can you?
Not a moment to spare!
Don't take your eyes off of her.
There's not a moment to lose, we've got to find that kitchen.
Not one line! Don't you dare!
Let not a moment pass with him unattended.
Just don't leave me for a minute
It gives me no rest. Like his father.
Even to the utmost grain,
You don't wait for anything. Anything.
At all.You know?
Not even for a moment.
Not for a minute.
That lay across him.
On the quarter hour. How does that sound?
15 minutes later, he's arriving at his office.
Quarter after. Why? Time for my medication.
Next to that statue over there at about a quarter after,
If I don't get to the hospital in the next 15 minutes,
The other boats left 15 minutes ago.
Quarter of an hour! Half an hour!
See you in a quarter of hour, at the Porsche. I'll arrive first.
You wake me up in 15 minutes.
Training in 15 minutes.
I'll be back in 15 minutes.
For a quarter of an hour.
Battles are lost and won in a quarter of an hour.
15 minutes, I'll probably feel fine.
It's a quarter past. She said she'd be here at 4:00.
Fifteen minutes, that's easy on a bike.
And in no time, the baby falls asleep.
A pick me up.
A lovely dung poultice
One dose of tetracycline will kill me.
A nice dose of geography will make you come to your senses.
An antibiotic and a pain killer.
The one was Texas medicine
The other was just railroad gin 
Giant enema, which just so happens to be my area of expertise.
An elixir.
The elixir to his stressful city life.
And a mysterious blend of herbal remedies
A mood stabilizer, an antidepressant,
A dose of nanites.
An EPI doesn't stop a healthy person's heart.
The deadly injection.
Into a cure.
Imagine a magical glue that holds people together.
You can't miss a dose.
One dose of this he's knocked out cold.
An anesthetic.
In tandem!
In tandem.
And put one foot in front of the other?
Along with a hyper - extending tandem sling. Come here.
And I watched him change into a man at the end of my sword.
And in a pass of practise requite him for your father.
One slice to the king's chest and down like a sack of elderberries!
It pierced through the pillar
In a single cut!
To cleave a man's head from his shoulders
And lop off its head
Death by the blade!
The backbone of a movie!
He paid me $10,000 for each of them, so no, I didn't ask any questions.
Anything I can simulate with a $3.00 pair of ear plugs
Like you have a giant stick up your ass.
Uppity way you tell the world you better than Dunn Purnsley
Acting like you don't care about your son.
That bullshit look in his eyes,
Acting like you don't know what you're gonna order
Acting like she can't have pink carpet on the floor.
And I look stern and I think I wagged my finger. Did I wag my finger?
He's like, "why is this boy sitting next to me?" Oh, that is funny.
Talking as if you're some big shot.
Shut up, you lousy!
A what? No, what is that?
And there's a legendary picture of me
It sounds as if you needed a hand to hold.
As if you are already master of the house.
Acting like it's coming to you.
Like you're the guy who's gonna lick this thing.
A pair of cheap sunglasses is less suspicious and just about as effective.
As a donkey with a nail in his head.
All they know is vanity!
Looking none to eager to ever speak with you again?
As if it were the most natural thing in the world.
And has a fierce - looking appearance.
It's chic to look post-rehab, didn't you know?
A swashbuckling French hero ever again.
A combination and a form indeed,
A super-cool deep sea fishing rod.
Looked innocent enough, but.
He looks full - on Indian.
They use phrases like "redistribution of wealth."
A look that he was about to do something he'd be better off not doing.
Dressed for a party. There's no cake or balloons.
Who shot John and forgot to kill him.
A special deck issued to all the sailors and soldiers who went to Iraq.
So it's less humiliating to put on the wounded good girl act
And look，frothing.
Retractable set of vampire fangs.
Of his former self.
A straight flush won me a week's worth of his night shifts.
She had this look of awe. She said it's him.
To pull something like this.
Like whoa!
You act like somebody died
One set of hard front wings and a set of soft hind wings, used for flying.
A night - vision binocular
A large dose of potassium chloride can result in a fatal heart attack.
How about a pair of sunglasses?
An occupied vessel but powerless.
Something's off.
When he looks like some big business blowhard -
A really good voice, you know, we blend well.
Seems like a nice mom.
A ll skeleton penetrated by 12 prods.
You have perfect teeth.
Shyly looking away and thrusting your chest out is natural?
It's a little coffin.
A pair of cheap sunglasses is less suspicious
A rainbow colored parasail and it was on my head.
Really good dancers.
A comprehensive picture
All sad and tortured - I see why you like him.
All damsel in distress like.
Like he thought it was funny, like this.
A common and everyday's scene from London streets.
And he seems quite happy
Acted like he was a sensitive artist, but he was "in love" with a lot of girls.
With an air of contentment.
Very proud.
From being included in his spotlight.
He wasn't quite there.
How can each one take two hours? Do - Suk, you can never do that much
Well, that's a weird look.
Like she's trying to get to know them or something.
I love you.
I already learned to live alone.
And judge me like l'm some kind of criminal.
He's compensating - all this bossiness.
Oh, no I'm too cool to be in love.
There's five fingers on a glove.
Uh, one half of a couple all of a sudden.
How about a pair of handcuffs?
A deck of cards, a bird or a man.
Pack of cards. Nothing funny about them.
A stretcher, No problem.
With a vehicle versus pedestrian collision.
A new glider. This is amazing.
A new pair of reading glasses. They're from Malaysia.
You got a new body, a new life.
A new face,
One of my priceless oil paintings
Know it all.
Like it was nothing at all.
You always appear exhausted.
One boring blue boy in a painfully boring painting.
You're like one of those victims
They're ready to deal. They're practically begging for a deal.
She certainly looks perky.
Which is in itself a living thing.
I could do all this with a pair of binoculars and a thermal vest.
A pair of binoculars and $40 in cash?
Hoping he'll glance over here.
Looking like his favorite cat just died.
I am a pervert.
Nothing gets me talking like a Cosmo.
A carnal shell
You probably don't even care.
She's just bland like her pictures are okay,
And then pretend to be so very unengaged?
Like that 'll help you think.
Showing off is what it is. 
As if love transforms people and changes molecules.
A deck of cards, a bird, or a man.
A deck of cards, pack of marlboros,
Every position in the deck is a location in my memory palace.
How many 2S in a deck? Four.
The bald little sycophant that he is.
As if her life was over.
It's a man's face.
He looked awful.
And a climbing harness.
A picture of the emperor
Pair of glasses. Oh, here's another cat.
Yeah, real tough guys.
Complete sell out mode.
Criminal types. Those were his words.
Criminal types. Those were his words. And big into Santa Muerte.
Mr. Nice guy, the car, the Romeo stuff.
Old and rich.
An earring. I found it.
The floaty face of the wise bird, hovering on a million quotes,
A portraiture.
You see a film 100 times. There's nothing else to do.
That "Nora has a plan" look.
And a pair of those special gloves that 'll let me handle the wire.
To achieve a sound that impress the voters.
And a set of leg chains to keep you slowed down just a little bit.
Thinking they had all the answers?
Walking around acting like they're better than us.
And act like they the stuff. What?
The walk of a self-satisfied Persian prince.
Hungry little guy, smells like horses.
What about matching lace gloves?
Full of piss and vinegar,
With his tie and his stickpin.
A misguided sense of revenge.
Beaten down by a cruel employer.
All prepared to be devastated about it.
Wanted to make sure I heard his side of the story.
Always on the attack. It's ugly,
A pencil drawing of Pele, done in the naive primitive style.
Just ready to go.
A shell, an addict, who could possibly Dieof his addictionunless something changes.
I can't be a wuss and drive at the same time.
Verging on haunted.
With her stupid - ass file of evidence, and I told her,
And a pair of those special gioves that'll Iet me handle the wire.
A pair of those special gloves that I'll let me handle the wire
Picked herself up county clothes, 
I have a real nice voice.
With an extremely cold heart is still here?
And gloves that look like rocks.
A mask. - that's the welder's mask we found at the scene.
Face like a bust shoe.
A gut shot straight draw? Are you kidding me?
Invasion of the citiots.
A bridle and a saddle
As in a skeleton in the basement of the house you and dad owned.
And a pair of bIack gioves.
All Zhivago like,
It's absolutely me, and I can't pass the buck.
The lawyers in my office.
As soon as that's done, we're gone.
One right does not make up for a life time worth of wrongs
1 plus 1, even.
So one plus one.
Why isn't there a boiler in boilermaker?
One plus one equals three.
One plus one makes two.
One plus one, does it make one?
One plus three should give us four, green.
One plus three equals two?
A plus B equals a tie in.
One plus five equals six.
A gallon of vodka and a lit cigarette.
Gallon gonna be enough? You been looking at my house?
Which at about 8.3 pounds a gallon comes to.
Yeah, a gallon. OK, that should be.
one gallon of stove oil,
How much does a gallon of water weigh?
What kind of gas mileage do you get with this?
60 miles to the gallon.
Twenty - five miles to the gallon. That's great.
Four miIes to the gallon?
What's it get like a mile and a half to the gallon?
Fifty - seven miles to the gallon.
And it gets 30 miles a gallon, city.
A situation incited by a gallon of sake,
Of bleach, a tarp and a hacksaw in the trunk of my car.
300 miles a gallon and the engine will run like one half its age.
The gallon milk jugs which are the high - density polyethylene.
A single gulp would suffice.
33 miles to the gallon.
A gallon of wheat grass juice, a five - pound wad of tofu, some jellied zinc.
Once you're in,they got you for life. 
And as soon as we add the yeast, because it's been dehydrated,
When we reheat it softens the metal
Don't you move a muscle.
And still.
Did nothing.
So still,
wouldn't move, wouldn't talk.
Motionless, without touching me.
Not moving.
And he hasn't moved.
Very still and very quiet, until it's fading away,
Looking to pin the butterfly?
He's real still and I'm thinking "why is he so still?"
He's real still and I'm thinking,
You stay driest by standing still, and the faster you move the wetter you become.
He's not even moving
Sticky hands and no manners flanking our door?
Resting it lightly on her shoulder.
It won't budge. Forget it.
The best thing is to do nothing. We're at war. We must act.
Is no turning around.
Don't move, okay?
Face downward.
She was just lying there, small as a bird.
Frozen and I'll walk out of here with my buddies and that 'll be that.
She's completely paralyzed.
So stay very very still and hold your breath.
Hold it right there.
Don't you move a muscle. Don't you move.
And yielding
You move and there's no telling what they're gonna do.
We move him, mine explode.
Stop right there!
A big house. A huge garden.
Moving makes space will make you sink
Any movement and this whole field lights up. Now move the men back.
If you move, somebody might get hurt.
Feels like someone's grinding an ice pick into my ribs every time I move.
Every time I move, it hurts.
I can flip from its back to its feet in one move
Kill me tell me.
In the middle there.
Frozen.
A zoo breeder was killed by a gorilla
Forever.
It's permanent!
Once and all and forever.
Once and for all.
Be done with it. What? No,no.
Ten generations in the future.
Not do a day?
Just get it over .
And take down Galactica once and for all.
Birth control for an entire nation at once!
To crack down on the uprising once and for all.
For good? Like a cure?
The score of a lifetime.
To temporary problems.
One spoon.
And spoon - fed me that bullshit, and I ate it up!
One cream. Two sugars.
A splash of milk, 2 sugars. That's me.
One sugar and just a drop of cream.
One sugar, right?
A spoonful of crushed sugar puffs,
One for you. Two!
Peanut butter on a spoon?
One of honey.
Just one, thank you.
One scoop or two?
A 10 franc bag of chips and two francs of mayonnaise,
Pack of 12, two missing.
Comes in packages of four, but insanely...
Cases and cases gone.
A pack of marlboros?
Uh, pack of marlboros.
Once I destroy even a portion of the grid,
God forbid I find him before you do.
Once I wire some good - faith money to an overseas bank account,
As soon as you can’t use me anymore. Someone with a dislocated shoulder
Once I bury your memories,
When I inserted the implant,
The second my parents find out about this,
As soon as my parents get back, we're leaving here.
If my father knew you, he'd like you even more than he likes me.
Once my dad e-mails me the kill code, we'll destroy the machine.
Whenever I'm alone.
If I get angry or upset.
But I'll destroy you the moment I suspect
Once I'm inside,
Because if any of my men spot him,
Once mypeople are returned, I will be happy to discuss.
Once I see my people fed, I would be honored -
As soon as I get someone to man my position,
Once my mission is accomplished.
Once my body temperature drops,
My candidate wins, we bring millions
Once my son is stable,
When my army catches up with you... Don’twaste your breath!
When my family finds out what you're doing,
They'll be worth triple that once my posters have been mass - marketed.
As soon as my brother's ready for transport,
Yeah, see once my heart rate hits 120,
My heart stops beating,
Once I suspect, legally, I have to call the authorities.
Once my data is uploaded
Once my bannermen are home again,
The moment my fiancee writes that he's gotten that job in bolder, I'm off.
Once I get a model unit open,
If my legal troubles go public,
Once my theories became... Clearer,
Oh, I will be once my patient's off the table.
Finishes breaking into all of s. H. I. E. L. D. 's secure files.
I couldn’t touch the pen to paper without drawing the shape of a penis.
You see, when I get my ability back, I'm gonna kill you.
Once my crew's gone, I turn off my homing beacon,
And when my foot soldiers start talking about shit like cuts
And if my cover is blown, they will torture me for secrets.
Whenever my men are involved in a situation, I need full tactical command.
Once I get my team in place.
Once my team identifies the location of the bomb.
As soon as my bones had settled in their adult configuration.
And if anyone ever found out about my powers,
Once I started focusingon the positive, well, then, somehow my personal problemsseemed much less significant.
I will call you as soon as I go over this very thoroughly.
Once I looked in there... I thought I would never get out.
When I actually do this calculation, I get yet another integral,
Once I knew it was her, I tried to stop her.
I'll contact you once I havetheir final destination.
If I ever find out who the rest of them were.
As soon as I knew he liked me,
Once I know who he's working with, I intend to drown him in a pool of his own acid.
I'll call you as soon as I know anything.
And if I find out that you did anything to Olivia,
Once I figure out who ya are, I 'll... I'll give you a lift back to the mall.
Once I know you're safe, you never have to see me again.
And then once I knew, I knew .- no, we have to get these back to the chief's office right now.
Once I know who I am,
That has a hard time forgetting things, so if - if I knew it, if I read about it,
As soon as I knew it was CAD, I took him for a walk.
Once I knew where the button came from,
And as soon as I know where you got that money,
Once I'm satisfied no one is following,
If I know his weakness, I can destroy him!
Once I've identified the golf ball in each of the frames.
As soon as you're safe, I'll call the police. Okay.
Asoon as I verify y 'out of th buiing,
Once I affirm the match,
Once I'm sure nothing can go wrong.
When I've decided
And the last I checked, the new York tabloids
Once I confirm he's got the coke,
Once I receive confirmation of funds received,
Someone's getting fat off of everything I built
When I leave, he'll be completely alone.
Once l'm out of here l'll take care of everything. - so, come out already,
It expires the minute I walk out of here.
You know, once I clip on the tie, I'm all business.
And if I get there, there's no stopping.
Once I meet the guy I've been waiting for.
The first I'll take your word for,
And once I sign them, my marriage will be over forever.
Once I sign those papers, I'm closing the door on something that.
And once I'm married.
Once I'm married, I will feel secure, I shall feel romantic
Once l'm married, l'm going to quit.
I'll have this place remodeled once I get married.
Two seconds after I loosen these little restraints, you'll try to scratch my eyes out and make a run for it.
Once when I was hard up, I sold some tires on the black market.
Soon as the wife gets things settled at the house.
As oon as I get in touch with him,
As far as I can make out, he told them to give us up or else.
L'll let you know the moment
As soon as I can pinpoint a C.O.D., I'll give you a call. Great. Thank you.
And once I can narrow down the species,
And when I prove you did this, you will answer to me.
Once I prove that,
Once I get used to it,,,
Once l get used to it.
Because as soon as I can bring someone else up to speed
And when I do, we're going to leave England.
When I get free
As soon as I am free,
As soon as I am free, you and the world will know what I know.
When I am free, you will be the first that I feed upon.
Once I'm free, I have a place to stay
When I get free, you won’t see me
If I spend money solving one problem,
Once I get her to trust me,
What's to say they won’t put me in prison once they have me?
I'll rejoin you once I'll hide it.
I'm always prepared once apprised of the specifics.
Once I'm on tape, I'm not worth shit to you.
As soon as l get caught they will gouge out my eyes,
What do you think is going happen to me once I've been sold on?
By getting arrested and having
Once I get back to Bhutan, I will never get a fair trial.
If I was into dealing.
'once I smuggle this fucking plutonium out.
Once I get the baby, he's gonna take it off my hands.
I'll meet you down there.
Anyway, as soon as I get to their head man, I'll straighten things out.
The second I feel this thing going bad
I know the moment I untie you, you'll leave.
Once I explain it to her.
Once I realized that I felt a lot better.
They proved to be no more than savages
If I can convince her she has no choice but to move in right now,
As soon as I get confirmation that the money's been sent,
As soon as I prove you're responsible,
Once I've deciphered the symbols, I will be able to master the time device.
Second I try to move beyond my security clearance, I get an on - screen warning.
Once the words came out, I - I knew we'd have to back them up eventually, so.
When I say that something is too dangerous,
Once l said, “Cody, do you love me?”
And after I've finished training you with it, you'll do anything to please me.
And when I win,
Once I'm gone, it's just going to be her.
Once I make my move the queen will take me.
That once I'm gone, it's forever.
The offer expires as soon as I walk out the door.
As soon as I get onset
Once l'm out of the hills
Once I got past all the porn, it was easy.
And the second I bottom out,
Once I do, he's gonna kill the hostage.
I ain’tworried about boot once I explain the whole thing to the senator.
Once I step on stage I don’tsee nothing around me
As soon as I set foot in my country... I'm going to be killed.
And when I do.
Because if I do, well, the bad guys win.
Will receive the full amount on my majority.
As soon as I do that,
The minute I do, I implicate my brother in the theft.
And if even a misanthrope like me has a chance at happiness,
Once I'm up and in, Matty's gonna sign in
Once I'm down there, I'll be out of range for thermal imaging.
But once I'm in, it'll give me all her deleted
And as soon as I enter the Roman empire, I need permissions,
Once I hit take - no - prisoners mode, it's hard to shut it off.
Once I was in the system, I executed a Trojan horse program.
And that's how I intend to govern once I get to Washington.
I can’t leave the family? I'm stuck?
Once I'm inside, there's something I have to take.
Once I go into that pod, there's a good chance I won’t come out.
Because if I do, Amanda wins.
'cause if I retire, our life is gonna change.
Because when I get cold feet he's going to pay me off.
You guys are fucking dead when l get out of here.
And when I turn her away, which I will,
If I reconnect these two cables,
Once I'm in the ground, I can tunnel to freedom and rescue you.
As soon as I get back, I guarantee you, there will be no doubt about authority.
Once I'm up and running again.
When I take over those satellites tomorrow,
Once I lock in on her signal, I can track her with this.
Once I have my false tooth fixed
Once I ask it..
Once l've given my statement we'll go from here
I got the points, I'm going back to Kitty.
'cause these men are coming, and only one of you gets to have a future.
And if a war broke out.
Once the country goes to war, the government will never let that be exposed.
As soon as the war's over,
As soon as the war is over you'll be free to govern yourselves.
When war is over, Africa still not belongs to my people.
And as soon as the war is over, he will retire and devote himself to art.
When this war is over, will the Belgians go home?
Once a battle has been engaged, somebody is gonna die.
When you do, it'll only add to your appeal.
It'll alert you as soon as it intercepts basarov's transmission.
Once you're given the order to put on the headphones, do not remove them under any circumstances.
Until someone puts a ring on it and I can have kids?
Once the ring gets on her finger, it's gonna be all pedicures and tea parties.
When David tried to lay a finger on him,
We'll give you a heads - up if we've got any action from the room.
Once all that stuff passes through the models department,
We'll be getting under way just as soon as everyone's in their seat,
Soon as everyone boards, there'll be nobody left to get in the way.
Once everyone's looking at the door,
Once everyone knows something, they can’t unknow it.
Once we get everyone together,
That once these people all take promicin,
Once all the action was in the can it was time to merge real footage
Once all the electronic sections have been made,
After this moment, once everything has been checked,
I'd feel better once they were gone.
If he gets his hands on the suitcase nuke,
And then after the surgery, if all goes well,
Once the procedure begins,
Once the procedure begins, are you planning on using
The hand releases.
Once the shackle is activated, I'm afraid no one can get in or out.
As soon as this paperwork is finished... You're a free man.
When your hand drops, the bucket tips, you get wet,
Once the hand is off, it's for God to decide whether you live or die.
You put one in your arms, and you turn into a grinning idiot.
You go into it with everything you've got.
Making that call is the beginning of the end.
And after that first pass, well, they can’t ever be taught.
When you go in, you're gonna be mostly by yourselves.
And once it's open,
Opening it could kill him and everyone his mind is linked to.
You open it - what're you doing to me?
And to open it would destroy its value.
Or it'll go off in security
And the second he opens it... - boom.
Oh, they're quite chatty once you get them started.
Once I open this door, there's no turning back.
Once it was opened, it gave the sender remote access to the computer.
As soon as you put the music on.
Once you break down into chunks and balloons,
Break it, and you're done.
Once you flip that equation and open up to individual decision,
Wife used to beat her up when she dropped a dish.
You start asking questions, he's gonna start to be more careful.
We start setting off alarms, the opportunity will be lost.
Once enjoji is defeated.
Once l'm done with Grendel, l'll be leaving.
Because once it starts,
Once you start shooting, you got Iike six months, maybe.
I'm going to radio once I get through.
Once through, our soldiers are to find to seeker
Once the toad knows it's worthless, he'll stop chasing you.
Once Todd is selected in the draft.
When the trigger is pulled, an electronic current hits a primer on the back of each round.
Once we deduct closing costs and escrow fees
If it... Goes ahead.
It spreads, she dies.
Once the population, including the military, has been immobilised
Once the population, including the military, has been immobilized.
Once Blackwater Bay is cleared,
Once this starts, there's no stopping it,
And once we figure out where our killer disappeared to,
As soon as I do, I'll put out a bolo, all right?
And when we do, they are gonna pay, big - time.
We need auxiliary teams ready to move as soon as we find out the location of this bomb.
And once you've found it.
Once we get the two idols we basically have security through the merge
And when I do, God help you.
Once I found your mug shot, it really wasn’t that hard getting your legit cell number.
And when he do, I'll get better.
Once you have the ball, you'll drop it on your mat, and the next person goes.
If I find a second source, I have to go to press right away.
Once l find out where this shooter's staying.
Once he finds a building that he'll be shooting from, he recons it for the best vantage point.
Cash for gold, no questions asked.
And when I do, he's gonna help me do the one thing that I could never do myself.
We find them,
We'll bury them as soon as we find out where they are.
Once I have found him, then, the world is mine.
Once you do, you are not to let him out of your sight until I get there.
Once we find him, we plant it in his residence.
As soon as we get eyes on him, we'll be there.
But I'm gonna as soon as I find him.
The day I find him, I'd cuff him at hello.
Let me know the minute they find him.
If he's within spitting distance, I want him in custody immediately.
Then they'll get you, and then they'll kill you,
Once I found your mug shot,
Trouble has a way of finding you,
Once you've found your token, you must follow the map's directions to your assigned locations.
Once we find the icicle, we'll fade back away.
Once the canisters have been found and the terrorists captured, then we'll assume control.
We can jam the network once we find the uplink to the satellite.
To put these other two guys away once we find them.
When you find the Bible, you bring it to us.
As long as he finds matches for her organs.
When she have it, it will be published.
And when she finds her mark,
As soon as they find it they'll pull the plates in the V. I. N
When they get found, they get put back into the computer.
When you do, you come meet me at the motel.
You find that, you'll find the real killer.
And when you do, you should grab it.
Once you find it, you better hang on tight.
And when you do you should grab it and don’t care anybody thinks.
Once we locate our missing officer,
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in.
And when I do, I'll run away with you somewhere where they can’t find us
Once we find the bad guys.
My office, as soon as someone finds something useful.
Yes, you are, even if I have to break your neck
He will contact you if he finds something.
Once you recover the mother and the father,
Once we zero in on our target.
Once found, she needs to be brought to captain wolf at centre street.
And when they find a cure for whatever killed you, they wake you up.
We find the collision car, we find a witness.
Once we find the old escape hatch,
When I find my perfect mansion,
Soon as the gold's out of that ground, nobody's safe.
Once we found delphine Downing toes - up in the shed,
Rats can be easily dealt with once one finds their nest.
If and when the money is recovered, it will be delivered to me.
Once you find the right one.
The summons is accepted when you acknowledge your name.
Once it's out of our control,
Eliminate both brothers at once and we cripple their line.
And once you get them in, you can’t get them out.
And once we have them corralled,
Once he tied himself to the charity's account,
You get him mad, people get broke.
We have to make sure everybody se is okay.
They get ahold of you, they can hear everything the other side's cooking.
Once a floor safe is out of the floor,
Once we get her on the plane, we'll make her fly coach - middle seat, no mercy.
Not very nice once she's riled up.
But when you drop them in the water.
Once they are all safely installed at the new site,
We start bringing in lawyers
That once all the anger has gotten out,
As soon as we get the Intel processed,
Once we get our people out, we'll give you the signal, you set off the nuke.
And once we match the bullet from my vest to our victim, then we add on first - degree murder.
Once you have all ten items back,
Don’t'worry, I'll let you know,
Once the getae are wiped from our lands,
And after they bring down the prey in a pack, they usually eat it.
Once you set that monster free,
We're going just as soon as we stash this somewhere safe.
Bringing this evidence together,
You get that money here, we leave,
And once I have Henderson, he will lead us
If they catch you, they'll be even more pissed off.
When we catch him, you'll see him hang.
If you're caught you could be killed.
And they catch me
Once they have me, their orders are to kill everyone else on the island.
When we capture Sloane and Elena and deactivate the Mueller device,
Anyone caught stealing faces instant dismissal.
Who took her from me, I'm gonna kill him.
Once she started a process, that process -
When engaged in combat.
When it is, you'll be hearing a lot about it.
Are read, the decision is final.
Once the vote has been taken. Obviously once the vote's been taken.
Jeff: once the votes are read the decision is final.
Once the vote are read, the decision is final.
Once a complaint is filed, the rules say we have to pursue it.
Which paid out if an investment went wrong.
Once you get iin the net, head back out and do it again.
You cut them out, and you don’tlook back.
When word gets out that you're protector to the stars.
Once the 911 caller gets back online, it will show up right here.
Thing about false hope is that, uh, the sting of it fades.
Once we're on the site, we have the best technology and experts that money can buy.
On arriving in Bosnia, these women are sold.
Once we reach the temple, peace will be restored at long last.
It's going to look better once the stitches are out.
As soon as the bomb techs identify the device, I want to know about it.
As soon as the races at la Jolla are finished
Once the shoot is on, nobody can help you, get that?
Rejection was his trigger.
And when I pull that plug, our work here is done,
Lf he drew his weapon, his safety would be off.
When we draw our weapon, we intend to use it.
As soon as it is had.
If you got it, why not flaunt it? Slow down, buddy!
If whose Iwas is dead, 'cause it's mine now.
And as soon as it's working, we can transport it to the ship.
Once you have the puzzle completed,
Once you have the poles you want to use, head on out to the water and start walking.
If found, please call.
As long as he keeps taking money for it, it isn't illegal.
Lf you move it, the core will decay in a matter of months.
As soon as you get that fax, let me know.
Once he gets his degree, he 'II be out of the prison services in a fiash.
You'll be the first to know, okay?
Once we get them, we take them down
Medical will move in as soon as we get Liddell's location.
Once we get the ransom for the Sith,
We get our money, and we are gone.
Give us the money, and we'll return the kid pronto.
How terrible in constant resolution
And on red if the needle even once goes.
This button makes everyone in the room silent. It'll flash red.
And once I do,
You press "send," that is contact.
Once the panic button is hit,
Once we pick our guy, then what happens?
Once you violate that rule and make that connection with someone,
And once it's nicked,
As soon as we move the slab, he's gonna hear us.
If that ever showed up,
So, once the donors are all sedated,
Once this warrant goes through,
If you fall through, you're falling onto sharpened wooden stakes.
Fall and you are eliminated from the game.
He'll refer us for more sessions ifwe're not careful.
Once you drop in, the slough's going to be on either side of it.
Oh, once you get your bearings, it's as easy as pie.
Once I have the facts, I'll set a meeting with the judge.
Once you've ruled out the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be true.
They bounce a Ping off our hull.
When a real anomaly appears it can alert us within seconds.
Once the amplifiers kicked in, that kind of light is no longer biometric.
Once you got it, it's all you.
They'll be prepared to storm
We wanted you all to be able to get out at a moment's notice.
When the call comes in for help, we'll be the first on the scene.
As soon as I get the orders, we're going to breach.
Once accepted,
Once the challenge is laid down.
Yeah. See, once we accept the fact that we're not separate from nature,
When they receive the signal they make - they change in a
Once touched, they suffer in agony until they die.
That if I'm exposed to anything intellectual,
For getting exposed to radiation.
It ignites immediately upon exposure to air.
You spend any amount of time around people,
Spend any amount of time around people, you get your heart broke.
Once in place, the Tempel's chameleon,
Once you have their numbers, you can access their voicemails.
As soon as you reach him, you find me.
And pass him through when you get him. Okay.
That once the prosecution starts its closing arguments,
Once you make the sale, walk away.
You make one appeal to talk to a constituent,
Plain crazy when it came to that one subject, her celluloid self.
But when it comes to talking about something real, you clam up?
My brother's passions can be intense where issues of family are concerned.
When one discusses suicide, this is a red flag.
Exploring the moon's secrets.
When you plug it in, it will explode.
Once inserted, the device will be activated.
Once it is in place, I push on this gizmet, here.
If you step into a fight, make sure you're the better man.
Lf uncovered, the ultimate fate ofthe universe.
Most of them are quite unremarkable once revealed.
He can’t kill her once the backup gets here.
As soon as the reinforcements arrive,
But once they're done, I'm gonna give you the signal,
They're not gonna have a choice when our warrant shows up.
So whoever took those organs from our victims had to transplant them pretty quickly.
And as soon as we do, the sky's the limit.
And we will, and then red John will go after him.
Once you ve done that, get out. Don’ttake any unnecessary risks.
We'll move out into our probe as soon as we have those answers.
And if you don’tmake it.
If we make a big mess out of this, you could end up unhireable.
I mean, once it gets screwed up like that.
And you screw up, and you're out?
Once they move out, they never really move back in.
When ingested, methanol quickly converts to formaldehyde, and then to formic acid.
Then once you get going, you know, you just can't stop.
Somebody drops one, it blows.
Once the badge is gone, you lose all respect. Understood?
You lie, all bets are off.
By the time the bombardment finished,
Upon impact, apocalyptic destruction will ensue.
First chunk of ice we hit, we'll break in half.
Once we remove the stitches there should be no scarring whatsoever.
Once you clear your station, you clear out, too! Move it!
Once support is removed,
I'll pay you directly it comes.
Once ratings are back up.
Once you have all your pieces, take off your blindfolds
Once you've collected all six bags,
Once you've collected all six tiles,
Once you raid it, rescue him quickly,
When the attacks go down,
Once that's done, we may have a better idea who our mole is.
And when it goes to the spacecraft,
You open up a door to a slippery slope, which is, do people then find out about it
Once it's on the Web, it is almost impossible to erase.
If it hits his desk, the case is officially dead.
If we don’t fight now, everything they stood for will die with them.
If she quits, she may never get back in the water again.
Terrible things will happen if you show this movie!
Shits himself when you put him in the ring.
What happens to that freedom if the government controls
Once the government has him,
And when the government approves this merger.
That the government can determine a man's working place and his methods.
But when Washington flips the switch and it's legal,
Once it's approved, it should be our newest cash crop.
And as soon as my government falls to him,
Once the story's out, Shaw can't touch us.
Once the one reaches the source, the war should be over.
As soon as the rescue teams realize that you're secure, they'll move in.
As soon as the rescue teams realize
Once you have the raft back to shore,
When the Pope dies, the cardinal vicar of Rome
If coach benches you, you're done.
But once they hatched,
As soon as we nail down our sporting location and our office location,
A few pairs of contacts aren't gonna help when the whole city's gone mad.
Once the entire line has sung, it's decision time.
Once we secure the building, you and your sister can see her.
Once the files flash across the screen, he'll remember them.
And when that happens, you lose control over one of your tires.
Now deprive him of food, and stage by stage,
I wish to be named archbishop of Canterbury
When new Bern gets their share of the spring crop,
Once that new baby comes along, you're just another middle child.
Whenever new technology arrives, its first use is erotica.
When this happens, white smoke is sent up from the Vatican.
The press gets this, the jackals start a feeding frenzy, and she's dead. Help me.
And once they're modified, they should hold off
And what's the point in bragging if nobody cares?
When it's withheld, you turn sick, crazy, not to mention resentful.
It gives the Japs valuable Intel if they find it.
Once that final appeal had been rejected,
When exes relapse, someone always gets hurt.
And when the time is right,
When the time is right, I will make the proposal myself.
You should've escaped while you could had the chance. I get away... We all get away.
And when the time is right, he grabs them.
We will present further evidence on the Feldenstein matter
When the time is right,
When the time comes, he's going to contact us
So when the time comes, he can kill her.
As soon as that happens, you give him the cash.
We make our move when the time is right.
When the time is right, your father and I.
When the time comes, just remember, I kept your secret.
It will become nothing once time passes.
Hmm, these pesky dress uniforms get a little tight when you don’t wear them for a while.
And once they test it in the morning,
As soon as that car pulls out for L.A. Tomorrow,
And once I understood that, I wanted to do it.
Once I realized that, I did what I had to make it happen.
Once you go into shock.
And once galaxy travels to deep inside the cluster,
Once the gate's secure, we're going to have to move fast.
Once a geek, always a geek.
When that happens, conventional ideas of time and size disappear.
If you make it through to next week, you'll have two dances to do.
And once that violence began, he started paying others to escalate it.
When it comes it will be all - out, ideological war.
It could kill a person within one hour if exposed.
Once it's exposed to our atmosphere, it crumbles to dust in a matter of seconds.
Once it's outside the atmosphere, it gets
Once exposed to a magnetic field, it remains permanently magnetized.
Once exposed to a magnetic field,
Who will die if they stop being secret.
Otherwise, they wouldn’t count.
As soon as the storm breaks, that's what we're gonna do.
Once it's out, it will change everything.
You were supposed to contribute once Maddy went to school.
And once TT first argument got worked out,
Once the initial awkwardness is relieved with a little playful humor.
Last one opens and.
When it comes to the showdown, they won’t be there.
Once their identities are revealed and we come back here,
Once the high most patriarch moves on, he's replaced by the next guy in line.
One of us gets tired.
But if one of them approaches me.
And as soon as one pans out,
You have two kids, life is over, Joe - Joe.
Just waiting to come out when something reminds you.
Not a minute passes by that a woman comes into this house. Are you building a harem?
You got an easy target here.
I can give you a heads - up whenever there's a single lady coming in.
Once you do get result, they don’tlink directly to images.
Anytime you get the urge to think for yourself?
He'd pick up the dirty shipments once they cleared customs.
Once you have a theory of how prices formed
You get them if you got them.
This idea that you have to resign from life
Once you have a kid, your life's no longer your own.
You're never alone when you have kids.
It's different when you have kids.
Once you got a family, it's a little tougher.
And with the right trigger,
'cause you've got a baby, and you hear every little sound.
You know all that goes away when the baby comes.
And once it came, there were many plans
And once a connection gets made, then the wieners get licked.
The second somebody takes a loss, guess who they're pointing the finger at?
Once you havethat data, these impact marks can tell youa whole lot.
When you have a new instrument,
Once in his possession, he dissembled them.
Once any temptation is introduced, it will spread.
They'll know where to find us.
If I can get a clear image,
Who disappears just because she has a new boyfriend.
He won’t remember daddy's box if he has one of his own.
When you know something you can argue fact, not merely make insupportable claims in a passionate tone.
But you... You know, once you get sponsorship, it is like sitting on a gold mine.
An irresistible impulse goes off and you cant stop.
As we get additional details, we'll bring them to you live
Having that power makes you question every choice you've ever made.
If he's got any sense, he'll have split.
I walk away, I have my Ph.D. All paid for.
But the instant anything happens, you call them in.
So we can disable it if anything happens.
And if anything happens you call me.
Once a thing is out in the market it can be used by everyone
To inform us if an Asian person
In case something terrible happens -
Whenever anyone does anything out of the norm,
When the perimeter's breached, a siren goes off.
Once someone uses force, the game changes entirely.
Once someone finds one secret, they want to know more.
Make it known if any become aware of our presence.
And if anyone were to ever found out, I.
Once anyone knows we have he the curtain comes down.
It leaves us vulnerable
If an officer detects something, he will blow his whistle
That's where people go when they do drugs.
And once a man was killed during a robbery, you had no choice, right?
Who we contract with if somebody goes missing.
When somebody takes your manhood.
And the minute someone tries, it needs to be destroyed.
Once a guy lies for you, for better or for worse, your fates are tied together.
One cop breaks protocol,
Every time someone dials a gate in the entire galaxy -
So if somebody freaks out, then that's our creep.
They'd hit play if anyone tries to cut it.
But if one of them tries to use it on us.
But if anybody wants this guy? They will go through us to get him, all right?
The second someone tries to rise above. Be different. Herd pulls' em back in.
Once someone's exposed and is incubating the virus, there's nothing we can do.
Once someone opens that box.
Somebody picks up that textbook, we lose the envelope.
Once the neighborhoods complain. It's all they know.
And if any one of us cracks, we are all gonna be screwed.
And you'll know whether you've had any visitors
As soon as someone got the ball from one goal to the other everyone would yell, "redemption!
When a donor heart became available.
Look, anybody comes close to you, okay, you just go with your elbow right to the throat, all right?
If anyone ever raises the question of quality they're attacked as an elitist,
Somebody said Fidel Castro had a decent pitching arm.
Usually when someone takes off,
So if anybody checks my report.
And when someone goes away for good,
For everyone that died, someone would come to take their place.
Once someone dies, things get worse quickly.
Once somebody is deceased,
It looks very bad on my report.
If I can get people focused on my hands, I can get a good result in a meeting.
When mistakes get made
So someone drinks from the same bottle as you do and they lose weight
I mean, once you involve human judgment, you're bound to get mistakes.
One look at your fancy shoes and we'll both be running for our lives.
And if anybody saw how ugly it is -
You get caught looking for it, you're dead.
Once anyone knows we have her, the curtain comes down.
Someone trips the line, pops the grenade out,
.. The one who betrays..
When an individual acquires great power,
Once someone goes into the box, it 's.
The minute anyone hears your marriage is in trouble,
And when that happens, I move on.
When anyone questions why the d 'harans are here,
You know, if somebody says, "I love you," I have to say it back.
So... If something moves, we're supposed to just light it up.
Once somebody goes to the top of the great pyramid and
But if anyone asks where you got it, I know nothing.
Once a man in my position gives in.
Someone breaks in, it melts the drives to slag.
Anyone goes near it, anyone disturbs it, it's:
At the first sign of trouble, I'll step aside, I promise.
And in case something bad goes down, I wore my sharpest rings.
Anything goes off, you get out of there.
If there's any trouble, give us the horn hard.
And then something terrible happens and they think, what were they thinking?
If anything happens, you get behind me quick. Understood?
And I can scream very loudly when the occasion demands.
One scrawny asshole gets in their face, and, boom, they're on the radio.
Call me with whatever you find. - no, no.
I was all set to go to Africa when something happened.
When something is wrong.
If anything changes, I'll call you, okay?
You get in any trouble, you call us.
If anything, uh, rings a bell, we'll move on.
With his army... Do you understand what this means?
And if valuable untapped resources
If anything strange goes down, you'll be the first one shot.
As soon as they record a hit,
And the first sign of any suspicious behavior,
Dick ring out if there are any.
And at the first sign of interference from the outside world.
Pleas if you have any information at all, we urge you to come forward.
To launch those missiles if there's a breach of any kind.
If he moves a hair, we're gonna nail him.
That will alert company security
As soon as we hear something about your ex-husband,
And once a trespasser is spotted,
If you have six children, they send you home.
Once there was a story on grade inflation
We get on bad whiff, we bail.
But once you've had a murder case dismissed
This will all blow over.
First sign of any side effect,
It just seems your father is at his best when there's a crisis.
When you're done, - throw 'em in the lounge. - yeah, but.
Call as soon as you dig something up.
I'll let you know if we find anything there.
See, once you find it, you got to track it,
I shall call you the moment I have anything to contribute
And I'll call you as soon as I find anything.
As soon as you have probable cause,
Call me if there's any change or.
He'll ditch the car first chance he gets.
Okay, well, I'll let you know as soon as I hear back.
Boytano: let me know when you have visual.
Once an extraterrestrial radio signal is confirmed
So he'd be notified whenever a large transaction took place.
We there are crowds so often follows crime.
Whenever one of these disappearing wife situations comes up,
It is written, once a woman marries,
Once these women do it, it becomes public domain - within a year, you got
When a child comes, you're sunk.
It's hard to win over women when there's a viable female candidate in the race.
By starting to get physical,
Once you get bugs, you never get rid of them.
Once I go spread - eagle, white - snake style on the hood, it will.
As soon as a bed opens up, we'll send her up to the ICU.
When a real anomaly appears this machine can alert us within seconds.
Should the need arise
To strengthen his alibi, if one became necessary.
They will be forcedto intervene.
Something happens, yell down to us,
As soon as we know anything, I'll come find you.
If anything happens, we'll come in and pull you out.
If anything goes wrong, we're coming in.
Now, if anything goes wrong, I can radio in for armed backup.
Once the alarm goes out, criminal activity shuts down like a picnic when it rains.
Just, uh, give us a yell if anything arises.
You get a tip on a hot story,
Do let me know if the tagline's there and I'll jot it down.
I mean, anything I find out, I'm going to disclose to both you and the prosecution.
The other party took advantage of my weak points.
Once it has an opportunity to pre pay, you see
I'll update you as soon as we have more information.
Well, if we find out anything, we'll let you know.
I'll let you know when I get a new one.
As soon as I know anything, I'll come back.
We'll keep you updated as more information becomes available.
I shall write again as soon as I have news.
Listen, we find anything else out, we'll just pop up and, uh, fill you in, huh?
We will bring you any new information as we get it.
When a new target comes in,
So if it goes anywhere,
As soon as I know something, I'll let you know.
When I hear of something good,
I'll call you as soon as I have any more information.
When we have more information, we'll release it to you.
And the moment they get the better offer, they bolt.
We'll bring you more details just as soon as we get them.
The minute anyone hears from Ben,
When you get the chance.
When you have the opportunity,
Give them the opportunity, they'll kill you, too.
Given the chance, they would return magic to the kingdom.
He can and will kill you given the chance.
You'd leave his body and jump into someone else 's
And anytime I got a chance, I'd flip over logs
As field opportunities come up, Mr. Benirall expects you to take 'em.
And wherever there's the opportunity, they miraculously appear, often in great numbers.
Every chance we get, we're gonna stretch out our wings.
Give me a chance, I'll get the job done, I guarantee you that.
I'll go once the time comes.
At the first opportunity, I will open the blue envelope.
And if it ever breaks - ''
And once Barry got into her company.
Once the call comes in,
The ships will be alerted as soon as the shooting starts.
If you've got dreams, you've got to keep pushing or you can’t do it.
If any destructive energy touches our vessel,
Once some of them start to move, that's the message for the ones underneath -
We'll let you know as soon as find anything out. Thank you for your time.
We'll call you as soon as we know something.
As soon as we know anything, we'll call you.
As soon as we know something, we'll make an official statement.
But I'll call him as soon as we have news.
And I'll let you know as soon as that happens.
I'll call you as soon as I know more.
I'll call you the minute we have something.
I'll call you when I know more, man.
We investigate any time a fire fighter's killed on the job.
Ugly guys do gamble more
Once the genny kicks in, the lasers and everything else will be back on.
When the call comes in, I'll determine the service provider, whether it be cell or landline,
The idea being that if a pirated DVD shows up, it can be traced back to a source.
If he's got a target, he'll keep pursuing till he hits it.
Now, once we get a composite of the man.
He'll forget them as soon as the real kids arrive.
Now as soon as we have some concrete information, you'll be the first to know. Thank you.
I'll swing by as soon as I can.
If I had a free room, I'd move you immediately.
There's a panic button at the table if there's any problems.
With a trauma, if she's internalizing -
In the event ofan emergency place the vest over your head
As soon as we get something, we jump.
As soon as I have the results, I will share them with you.
He shall return as soon as he is able, mother.
To inform them when a spacecraft or satellite might be threatened.
If a tanker sailed by,
You know, those creepy crawlies, it's too late. It's too late.
When a cop's murdered in this city, resources we don’tnormally have suddenly become available.
We'll pump the white blood cells back as soon as we have a diagnosis.
Once word leaks out that a pirate has gone soft.
Every time an opportunity presents itseIf.
But if somebody steps forward, they're going to need protection.
If I ever got my shot at redemption,
My tongue swells when I have an allergic reaction.
Once that bed is made... You know.
And if this case requires it,
And when that happens, if l think it could be a supernova.
As soon as they have something to report,
When I get that feeling I want sexual healing
You get rich and then everything comes free.
If it starts to sell.
Which would pay for itself once we start to sell.
So as soon as we do, I'll let you know, all right?
When he checks in, I'll be happy to mention it.
Send one as soon as I get one.
Every time one of these towering houses becomes derelict,
To stand behind us in the event of trouble?
Whenever a friend starts with a new girlfriend, he should just say:
If a server goes down or a partner's computer crashes, people die.
Once the telescope is secured in the cargo Bay.
But, once the deadline is up, let it go.
Once it goes through, you can never go back.
And if not, heads will roll.
So the tourism bill is now law
And when you get the chance
And when the moment is right, you strike.
When the robot senses that the fire is out,
Once you ta a life, it ruins your own. It can't be undone.
To make an arrest once the killer has been unmasked.
Once you killed them, it started killing him.
Whenever one of these corporations is referred to in the journals.
Once these materials are combined only the professionals may handle them.
Once it arrives, I'll either be forgiven.
And when he does, you won’t be able to keep him away.
Once in Hollywood, she seemed to have sworn off her nerves
Once it's there, there's just no letting it go.
Once at the party, Cindy made sure she kept
Once you got into Spain you've essentially got it made.
You come rescue me, you all get caught.
But when Jack sets his mind on something, it always gets done.
Once Jack gets his teeth into it, there'll be no stopping him.
As soon as Jack sends the image, we need to move as quickly as possible to make this ID.
Once Jack confirms it is the virus, the delta teams will go in and secure it.
As soon as we pull the restraints, he'll lunge.
And once Linderman finds out they're dead,
Once he's satisfied,
once the twig enters the skin, an infection occurs.
As long as the cardinals are in conclave, your concerns
As long as the cardinals are in conclave, your security concerns are at a minimum.
Shooting starts, sheriffs are gonna be all over our asses.
Once the shackle is activated,
If someone could only harness this hatred of the others,
Parts would wear out, he'd replace them.
That once a girl's been with me,
Once the girl has been with you,
If one piece busts, even the smallest piece.
Once a girl's good to go, she's sort of passed around like a party favor.
Once something happens, it's difficult to put it back the way it was?
And once they separate
Once something gets taken off the board,
Well, once somebody's in your heart,
Once somebody's watching for cops they see them everywhere.
You know what gets exposed when someone's life is thrust into the spotlight.
If the person who uses the idol
Once something starts to spread.
Whenever a substance of value is found.
Once you got 'em, you got' em for life.
When you're in it, you can’t stop.
That once you are identified, you will be severely punished.
Is concerned that verdicts could be overturned once we learn the killer's identity?
Uh, once I had her ID, I actually did a little digging.
If you find anything useful, there's a promotion in it for one of you.
We just figure out where the money is coming from,
Do you know how easy it's gonna be for us to tie you to his murder, once we find it?
And then he'll call me if he finds her location.
This ever traces back to me, I will be disbarred.
You know, I find the source, we find the bad guy.
Once you get to strangers, it's only a matter of time before.
If that's true,
Of such a crime must be made an example of.
And when we find out what it is,
Once they get back with forensics,
I'll look into it, as soon as I've checked out some orange groves.
Once the root successfully penetrates granite
Once the bark has been separated, Sally makes beautiful patterns,
Once they accept the principle that
Eddle: ain’tnothing gonna matter once those nukes start flying. We'll all be dust.
Once word gets out that this bomb has gone off, there's bound to be civil unrest.
Where runaway nuclear fusionabcleads to a massive explosion.
Once the nucleonic radiation leaked out,
Once Gretchen thought Regina was mad at her,
How quickly we respond to matters as they break open.
Once this thing gets wrapped up, I'll get out of your hair.
I'd protect him and his family if the case ever came to trial.
Once you've ticked that box we can get you out of the trenches and up to headquarters where you belong.
But when the trail goes cold,
Every case that has kids involved.
Once the case is resolved, they'll release it.
Once the case is closed, it's closed.
Once the barrel fills, a large bag of puzzle pieces will drop.
Once Melinda saw Greg talking to another woman,
And once your calf has been examined for a bite mark, well, then.
Once they inspect it,
And as soon as you're checked out, you can go on home.
Now as soon as these results become available,
And when it detects one it is able to react very quickly,
Of blood on a surface by glowing,
You can explore the caves once they've been checked out.
And once the Calthrop's hunger couldn't be quenched,
And once the stents are in place, I will be capable.
Once in place, the ends of the tendon are secured with screws,
Once the plant has digested the fly,
And once that joy's been taken away. You're nothin 'but an empty shell.
Once we have European approval, the FDA will agree to testing.
Once desire has taken root
But once it subsides, he's back to being radioactive.
Once the individual takes that step and crosses the line,
Once you get your gait
Once you hit 30, all you want to do is get carded.
Once the weapons are deployed,
Once the weapons are destroyed, Larry moss and his teams
Once they've gone, you can’t talk to them!
Once you're dead, you stay dead.
As soon as he's dead.
If oxygen and atmospheric pressure inside the colony are suddenly lost.
If the mothers return the leopard is in a very vulnerable position!
0nce the mother and calf have reached their feeding grounds, they will separate.
Once each flood had left its mark the vast glacial dam would
Once that toxic agent gets into his system
Once the poison gets into your bloodstream, you'll start to see.
Once Billy finishes this house.
When the race is done.
Once the fights are over, they're gone.
Because if people knew how we did it, then everyone would do it.
Once gas is released, goes through air ducts,
As soon as the temperature creeps above freezing, the landscape is transformed.
Soon as the weather reaches zero degrees, these snakes freeze up and they die.
And once the air bag was triggered,
Once oxygen levels fall below 17 percent
Once the oxygen burned out,
Once the oxygen burns out, so does the fire.
But once the water's gone, then you'll be all muscle.
When the pressure builds up enough,
By sabotaging key dams and sewage processing plants,
And once the mercury drops,
And as the water evaporates,
Once the pool is disturbed, a fish can never be enticed to bite.
And when the drains finally scab over.
And once it's in that state it just will grow, the peat moss accumulates.
Once that mercury becomes spinning in a gyroscopic manner within a closed system,
The way the water level changes, these guys are gonna be impossible to track.
Then, once you got the radius,
Once Hank gets a chance to work with her closely,
Once that mercury becomes spinning in a gyroscopic manner
Now, once Warrick found the knife, the D.A. Thought there was sufficient probable cause and rushed the prelim.
When the sands run out,
Within two years of opening the salon,
And without informants,
Once hope is gone, dying is just a formality.
Once fear is gone, life opens up to all its grandeur.
And so in time if you do not do anything for that structure,
They become invisible once submerged,
Damn infection if I wipe my ass wrong.
Without the protection of neutral flags,
Once there's no theirs, there's no hers. It should be ours.
Once hope is gone,
And once it's gone,
When our power leaves us, all our work comes undone. All of it.
Won’t be able to go on without 'em.
Without humans to operate the barrier,
What will be the fate of our family pets
And to kill themselves in shame if they failed.
Once it did get into the wild,
Longer they're there, the more toxic they get.
When the oil burns,
Once we cure him, share price goes up,
Once cured of their antisocial veg - ravaging behavior,
This gets out, you'll be selling your granddaughter's pony
Of a conversation of yours that, if leaked,
If leaked, could significantly compromise national security.
As soon as the m. E. Identifies her,
As soon as the me identifies her,
If the French attack the settlements,
Once the judge had decision, there is nothing you can do.
Our offer's only good until the judge rules on the drugs.
Once the judge sees the gap in that tape,
If the judge has signed off on it, it's a done deal.
When the law is wrong justice comes before the law
Once inside I could fluoroscope the slurry like an MRI.
Once injected,
You know, once the dirty work's done, you bring somebody in; a cleaner.
And then she'll powder it again once the party's over.
And you can't put the genie back into the bottle once it's out there.
When you see one, it can be quite a sight.
Once he starts spilling blood
Suppose it caught on, and every town started banning foreign products.
Once the rumour mill starts, we've got two problems. We don’t need mass hysteria.
And once you've lost it,
And once you've lost it, there's no getting it back.
You could never reveal, that once spoken, change everything.
Once the test's complete, the results will be released.
Once, the only way to test a network was for a company to attack it
But when it happens it happens.
The second Hightower's replacement is announced,
Once the waters began to cool, the jellyfish were able to recover.
Once heroin enters the system, it shuts everything down -
Once it's gone, you'll never hear that frequency again.
And the diaspera, the Cornish miners, who in the 19th century
Once word gets out.
The more details slip out,
Word of this leaks, we're finished.
Once that news starts breaking
Once the news starts breaking, I want to be out of here.
When the information comes in, we're able to check with different databases.
That the clone army will leave once ryloth is free of those droids.
And when it does, we will then know how to proceed.
When the connections are personal, it can get tricky.
There is no line when it comes to you!
When it's official
When it comes to, like, working, I can get very opinionated.
When it's a matter of our missing money,
And when it comes to my business, I don’tlike anything that's distracting.
When it comes to matters of the heart, I've had my share of temporary insanity.
They're always dead - on when it comes to killers. Why is that?
We're just goofy when it comes to love.
Well, when it comes to crime, there are no coincidences.
When it comes to basketball, there is no contest.!
When it comes to basketball, there is no contest! Say what?
When it comes to basketball, we are the best! Say what?
You hear with the magic. You no longer listening.
Where magic is concered, our king is blind to reason.
It's just that there's a protective instinct built into most of us where children are concerned.
They listen to us a touch closer when it comes to terrorism.
I get lost when it comes to computers, like you, right?
Cops get awfully finicky when it comes to murder.
My client trusts reputations when it comes to his money.
If the concrete freezes, that can cause.
And when it closes over, like this.
Once it's clear, we have access.
Once in the bloodstream, it acts like alcohol.
As the metal frame expands and contracts with changes in temperature,
Once master Windu has invaded the capital, you will bomb it from afar.
They kill us, they get our powers,
Once plugged into the game,
Once this game begins, every time you take a breath,
Once the water freezes over,
And once I reach them.
A pretty girl smiles at them, they get all infatuated.
Something like this gets out,
Once the show starts, I'm sure it'll be great from up here.
Once his actors were inside,
Once a sleeper active's protocol has been triggered,
Once you go inside, you're on your own.
Once inside, we could find the main reactor,
I'll show everyone. As soon as I fire up the array.
If you awaken the curse,
He triggers that, it starts the whole thing.
Once it's activated, we can move on to the next phase.
You activate those packs, and you'll blow the whole impulse deck.
If this volcano erupts, the planet dies.
Once the atmosphere is filled with stuff,
As long as you have fire, you're still in the game.
When the brush - burn index goes up, we have to clear them out.
Once the fire alarm goes off, we'll have less than 30 seconds
Now, your signal to go will be when the beam stops.
Once these lights flicker out, all the patients on life support are going to die.
When the storm breaks, each man acts in accordance with his own nature.
It blows, that building comes down.
I doubt he'll stick around once that thing is set to explode.
Once it's blown, have them leave.
Soon as that money's counted,
Place already burned down once!
When this goes, it'll go fast.
Once that mark is on you, you're their property.
Once the smoke clears - - nah, they could be anywhere.
And with chaos installed.
The minute we put this photo out there, these people are gonna know. He's gonna disappear,
But once put out thy lght.
When your fire is gone, so are you.
And once it's gone, it's gone forever.
The plant will only continue to produce electricity
If this thing blows,
I can’t bear the thought of you getting hurt
After the flash, he'll cut off communication with the outside world.
And when it imploded, it just.
Sarin could have killed thousands of people.
When it's detonated, the temperatures will exceed
Were to explode over the oxygen line,
Once you're on top, they're helpless.
But when I'm in one, I am totally, unflinchingly monogamous.
And when they do, they just... They don’t stop,
When she loves somebody, she doesn't hold back.
If father doesn't approve our Union, I want you to end her life with your own hand.
If father doesn’t approve our Union,
As soon as the check clears, man.
Once your teeth start to go, there's no turning back.
Well, soon as cowboy one lands in Baghdad,
And they stop serving at, like ,8:30 when the Salisbury steak runs out?
Once side is that Newton has assembled a kind of bank balance of experiments, which he reckoned, were completely convincing.
One of them comes near me and I'll hit him with a five - pound pickax.
By the time physicists will call something a theory,
When matterabcand anti-matter touch,
When matter and antimatter come into contact.
When that material explodes off from the asteroid.
And when honor is involved, things tend to get bloody.
When it comes to the boy -
Well, once I made you two as hunters, it was easy.
It's hard to know who to trust when it comes to money.
And once they got involved, I had to cooperate.
When it comes to matters of the heart, always follow your Dick.
Any developmental progress an active makes is dangerous to the house,
Ooce the special
When SWAT team gets here, we'll have video feed
And once I'd made the mistake, I W - I was just too scared to tell you the truth.
Once the board has her his request,
Is once a perpetrator starts improvising,
If we're wrong, he dies of neurosyphilis.
One day the dog turns on 'em, attacks.
Now once the dog begins to realise that it's not going to be corrected,
Once the dog gets it in its mouth,
Once the dogs go woo - hoo, humans will be forced to get rid of them.
If the sniper wants you, he's going to get you.
Lions transform the instance the kill is over
0nce the prey is captured
Once the prey is captured, the spider hauls itself back up it's silken safety line.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
As soon as Tamazaki makes contact,
Once Marian is married it can never be undone.
Once you pick it up, you can’t put it down.
And then return to violence if circumstances bring up old obsessions.
Of reintroducing species to Madagascar
When a change is detected,
We're going to swing back into range
When this is over, and the new world begins,
He outgrows one shell, and he starts looking for a new one.
Which will, should the current deplorable innovation be perpetuated,
But once they do, it means they're getting ready to take someone.
If Percy gets word of an attack,
For the next few hours, you're to warn me of bandy's every approach
But once the ball comes up, bring it to me.
If at any point the ball drops, you're out of the challenge.
Once reata goes off to college.
And once it's over, it's over.
Just to start immediately at almost your full salary.
If that thing let's go. We give him another jolt.
Once they run out, that's it.
When he runs out of staples, he throws out the entire stapler.
Once I gain their confidence through humor,
You kill it writing it down, you kill it with a camera,
with the keys to the cage
Quite deadly, though, you get the dosage wrong.
Run the formula the wrong way,
But put a current through it.
Once the cable was in place,
Once the computer's wiped out, all trace of whoever is doing this will be gone.
Once the computer maps how she processes the information,
Once the computer confirms your key.
The computer just got to be on. Chip sends out a signal when it's powered up.
We're gonna have all the proof we need
Because once that happens, they have to charge me.
So that when the call comes through,
Once people make love, they become complicated
Once a man has children, for the rest of his life his attitude is:
If a man has set a goal,
Once the boys are gone the power mysteriously comes on
Their boyfriends get in trouble, they take the fall.
Their boyfriend gets in trouble, they take the fall.
One bad impression, you're out of the business!
Once the course of treatment is finished,
But once they fall off,
Once the virus fully matures, I should be able to counteract it.
If the virus once the dead meat weggevreten,
Once the virus has eaten away the dead flesh, then we'll make our move.
After the virus crashes the machine,
Once the virus activates, the resulting data influx
If that bug gets out of there, 260 million Americans will be dead or dying.
Once the tumor's found, he'll cut it into small pieces and remove it through the same hole under the lip.
Once it's gone, everything will get normal very fast.
If disabled,
If disabled, we could end up being unable
Once that cancer gets a good look around at all those grumpy bones,
Once the cancer had metastasized,
My obligation to you ends when it hits the headlines.
When you get to this stage of your competition,
Once you're inside, you're gonna access the Liebling - Holloway trust
Once mountaineer disables the alarm, we'll proceed inside.
Yeah, well, when they do,
As soon as you've signed in,
They make it to dry land, they can stay.
Once arrived, they'd have had plenty to feast on.
Once rooted in terra's surface,
Once a day is the very least. Don’t you agree?
That once a white woman's been with a carpenter, she never goes back.
Once the queen's dead the kings useless.
Once the skin begins to age,
The skin is cut, my leg will
Once the skin is cut, my leg will separate from my body as easily as a boiled chicken leg.
We get up on his cell phone, he's done.
Once your surveillance knows you're onto them,
Once your surveillance knows you're onto them, the clock starts ticking.
So when the camera picks up movement, the light goes on and they can see us.
Once we get your seal, it's done.
Once Gerry sets his mind to something.
Once an operative has a guy on the hook,
Once that target is at my point of aim,
As soon as the destination is confirmed,
Once the target has been destroyed,
Once the subject was confirmed, we had to act quickly.
Once the target's death is confirmed, $10 million will be deposited into her bank account.
Once the target's death is confirmed,
But when soot decides to move on somebody,
Clean up and cover their tracks as soon as they get what they want.
Once you've hunted man, nothing else matters.
And when it doesn’t.
And once the appendix bursts,
Soon as the helicopter gets here, she's gonna blow the whistle on me.
Set eyes on a khaki - whacky English lass, they forget we even existed.
Once we're out of sight, take him back to florin.
And once you've seen the darker side, you can never be the same person again.
Orders are shoot to kill on sight.
Adn as soon as they see us, they're just like, you know what?
Ever see me running, make sure you keep up.
Any sign of an enemy vessei, you fire at will.
When the final sign comes, Babylon must find us ready.
At the first sign of any tumorsor masses, we can.
Once he sees that form he's going to want to stake you out.
One look at the skin and we figure we know just what's underneath.
Upon seeing it, his body releases adrenaline and dopamine, which is causing the violence to escalate.
But that look in his eye.
You see anything suspicious, you tell us.
And when we see them coming,
I already like you better when I see that you have children.
Once you Jack off to Japanese girls puking in each other's mouth,
That when you do have sex, it's some otherworldly connected thing,
But if something goes wrong.
The truth comes along and.
Once you fight someone, he knows your face.
But then when the crying is done, your kind of folk
Once on the ground, we will confirm
Once the flames create chaos,
Clumsy landings cause endless bickering
Touches down, I lose jurisdiction.
Because if you fall asleep, you ain’twaking up.
You sleep, you ain’tcoming back.
If a testicle is severely twisted or de-gloved,
He'll understand once... He knows.
Can you know a thing and never say it again?
I will hit you back when I know who's who.
Once we know who they are,
And what you guys have,
See? Once you know the stories, it's not that bad.
As soon as we know will's location.
Once it sinks in that she sold him out, it's going to be a murder - suicide.
Once I know she is safe, then l can figure out how we move on.
W - well, I'll trust her a lot more
Once I knew her real name, it wasn’t that hard.
It's easy once you know how.
Once I know who I am, everything I've done, I... I couldn’t possibly be the same.
People get weird when they find out that I handle dead people all day.
It was easy to narrow down what we were looking for
The president ordered an air strike
Once we knew what the stone was, the rest suddenly made sense.
But as soon as you hear that you're getting this good shit.
Up your keister, mister. So just know that.
Once we have amassed enough flecks.
Once that oil starts flowing.
Once we work out how to do his tricks, we can expose him to the world.
And when it blows, he'll bleed to death in minutes.
You once were a vegone,
Every time one explodes it'd be releasing another dose.
It's a pretty archaic system once the parameters are understood.
Let me know what you recover from his computer.
And when we decode the contents, our claim won’t be so baseless.
Once we're quit of the curse we'll be rich men.
And when it cracks, you begin to question whether or not it's fragile.
Very dangerous if broken.
As soon as the hostage is clear,
And once you have that?
Once done, rest sure we'll get 'em back.
If you positively I. D. The victim,
No one ever really knows anything about love,
When relationships get more official, they get messy,
Soon as we are sure of a man's attachment, we become indifferent.
Once we identify the target, I'll move in and neutralize him.
Call me as soon as you confirm the ID.
Once delivery is confirmed, we need to take every
Once the idea settled in.
When the identity of the mole is confirmed,
He was never directed to continue playing,
I was gonna call the l. A. P.D. Once I confirmed who he was.
I'd evacuate the immediate area
The sooner we identify the threat, the sooner we eliminate it.
Once he's sure he's clear, he'll head North.
Which have been set in motion which cannot be undone.
As soon as you're absolutely certain I can't hear you, ask away.
He is gonna kill us the moment we confirm the flag is here, isn't he?
The instant you know it's the real scarab amulet,
Once we determine the blast radius and street density,
Once the money is confirmed into our account,
Once we know that.
Once we confirmed his identity, he was perfect gentleman.
As soon as we get a positive ID, I'll let you know.
I'll call you from the office
As soon as I verify
Once a planet has been located, scientists must then determine
Once they get a beat on Burrows, notify me immediately.
After confirmation of a break in,
Once we're sure there's not a hostage inside, I'll give the order to breach.
Once you confirm, cut the abscess out of her heart.
As soon as we have an assess, I'll have one of the nurses call you.
You survived the fire in the theater.
And neutralize it upon contact.
They hit something hard, much harder than the surrounding rock.
Forcing you to start over.
You touched the case,
Easy to swim right into 'em. One touch, and a big fish is paralyzed.
You touch the wall, you fail. You touch the bottom, you fail.
You see an agent.
He's paralyzed if we go anywhere near the Adamkiewicz.
It'll turn in to a rout.
No one is to leave this room once the demonstration has begun.
Uh, once social services take her?
Once order is restored,
When you have this at your camp, you cannot go home.
As soon as this nerve gas leaves U.S. Soil,
Once the learning protocol of the neural net is living,
Should that myth evaporate, so goes his worth.
Once club Oracle is completed, we're done suffering.
To kick in once the U.S. Embargo is lifted.
With the divorce, it's fucking Armageddon.
Once the divorce is final.
You leave the East coast, coffee's no good, food's all sugar.
Once I did, I couldn’t go back.
If you leave you forfeit your whole position forever.
Once I left, I started feeling better, and now, I just have a headache.
Once you leave, you will not be able to reenter the station.
If we leave the country, there's no coming back here.
Once you leave, it's... It's like you're not in the club anymore
That when we left that mission, those people were dead.
Once they've left port,
You leave the building, you're fired.
You unplug it, the police come immediately.
Once you got the hooch, you gotta distribute it, right?
Once the seed hits the ground,
When scientists gave them extra testosterone,
And once the "Colorado 's" tridents are airborne,
T's ou you won’t be able to touch me or my family.
Once the story goes public, maybe we'll be safe.
In the wrong hands, this secret will destroy the world.
That if revealed, it would devastate the very foundations of Christianity.
As they move on, they reach a new area, they drop off.
As soon as movement is detected,
Because once we remove the tumor, it's all gonna disappear.
Once they've been removed, we become significantly lighter.
Being ne 'er so little urged, another way
Once we're settled, we get the signal.
If they do, they'll have Afghanistan under controI in a matter of days.
Our ground forces will join up with them once the air strikes are completed.
Once within the scramble suit, cannot be detected.
Once within the scrambie suit, cannot be detected.
And once the sweatpants are on, I get nothing.
Once you're wearing these, nobody believes anything that you have to say.
When it travels through different media.
Once through, our soldiers try to find the seeker
So once you're past the lobby,
Once you go through that gate, the mission is live.
Once the mutation has started,
Once through,
If surprise fails,
Our ground forces will join up with them
Once I open the window, I'll have only 30 seconds.
When a promise has been made here.
And once this lawsuit is filed,
I mean, once you've performed on the stage
If we back the wrong side, we may lose it.
Once the race starts in California, all that matters is the diamond head buoy.
But when flowering does occur, it's on a massive scale,
Once a shoot is detected,
Once dominos start falling, they have to keep falling.
As soon as a decent period of mourning should have elapsed.
Can I count on you when the time comes?
And they can deal with her
Once she's clear, we're gonna head back to H. Q.
Once it's cooled a little,
As soon as you've signed in, move towards the staging area,
And once these papers are signed,
We need only sign them and it's on to the groundbreaking.
And once these papers are signed, all parental rights will be terminated.
By signing its pages, you commit
Once the tube fills up, a ball will be released.
Once Minny got to talking about food, she liked to never stop.
Once the gunk starts circulating, it can DOA lot of damage to the whole engine
When it's glued to her intestines
Once the storage house is full... Are we to leave?
There's no obligation for the women to tell you
Once a shrink gets hoId of them,
There's an automatic inventory
Once the sketch is finished, there will Beno place left to hide.
Emergencies happen.
Once the exigency was over,
Once we hit red,
Once the John galt line is complete, I'd like to look into this further.
Once the nanites regain control, they will be able to halt their own collapse.
You didn't have any choice once the cards had decided for you; otherwise it wouldn’t have any meaning, would it?
When the NYPD realizes it's all from the same collection.
As soon as the lines are back up, get Billy over here.
It means you can still get your pardon once we shut division down.
And if division gets exposed, she gets to watch us die or go to prison.
When the cells are damaged.
And once that cell's back on track,
Once it's taken a nice bath
Once a kidnapper knows you're on to him,
When the kidnapper calls, we'll hear everything.
And if the kidnapper strikes.
Is that when it comes to marriage, maybe love's not enough.
When you're married is when you do things separately.
When you're in a marriage you can’t keep secrets
As soon as you get married, it's nothing but these flesh tones and PMS pants.
Pure dynamite when combined.
The second you do, that's when they start to woman you.
When you marry a man, he's your man!
As one married man to another - I'm not married!
Once you get married, the party's over, right?
When you marry and have kids, it's for life!
Once married, procreation just keeps going one after the other
By the time this is over,
Once it's done, he's going to disappear.
And when it does, you can forget about staying.
As soon as he's done, he's going to execute him.
As soon as that's over - I wish it could be longer, but it C 't.
We'll let you know when we have them.
I'll let you know the second I hear. So what do you make of the markings on her wrist?
And when they turn up inconclusive or negative,
Once that happens, I've got it made. Got it what?
Tuberculosis, after diagnosis,
And then after it was done, I could leave, go back to my own life.
Once he has it,
How long would they stomp around in this swamp once the guy who cuts their checks is out of Commission?
Once they know you're willing to help.
I deliver it, I get my life back.
When I give the signal, get into the elevator. I'll meet you there.
When I give you my word, I wouldn’t have sold you out. I am gonna???
The moment we name them, their meaning disappears,
Once it's on the Internet, it's out there forever.
It's hard to put a leash on a dog
Once you put a couple of devices in mice,
Once you go 30%, you can’t go back to 20%.
Once those Jedi pick up my trail,
When the Jedi learn what has transpired here.
Once the tether lines are in, he can winch in right next to it.
Once the sutures are removed,
Anything shows up on the Internet,
You allow one exception, you open the flood gates.
The moment networks were hit, all financial data
Once the network was infected,
Once Roslin was gone, you'll be president.
If Robb stark falls,
When Robb stark finds out -
Once all of Rome is yours, you'll just give it back to the people?
If found guilty, the crime is punishable by..
If convicted, both men could be facing the death penalty.
After they catch the person, after the person is no longer a danger to anyone else, the dreams stop.
Because once the bag is broken, I don’twant there to be an infection.
Once a mermaid gets pregnant, she becomes a manatee again.
Once the dollar starts to go,
And when the Americans arrest you, you will betray us
Once the result comes in from America,
We find the damsel in distress, we find captain clumsy.
When the federal reserve lends money -
And, if their population is expanding,
A wing smashed by the breakers means slow and certain death
People don’t care about you as much when you get older.
Once you're old, they don’t respect you any more.
And once the grannies, you know, have V a few times
When the teachers disagreed with those ideas,
And once dad was in charge,
When a tiger turns into a man - eater it becomes difficuIt to controI it.
As soon as the tigers relax
Once the ear fully forms, it can be transplanted onto a person.
Yale will revoke my acceptance
Once the U. N. And Costa Rica and everyone decide how to handle that second island.
As soon as that happens, you give him the CAS he'll take care of it from there.
Once we call these people, it'll change your family forever.
When the FBI found out about us
Once you've granted that power to a group,
Once the federals get their mitts on a criminal.
But together, a catastrophe.
I'm not gonna be booking a lot of parts once I start to show.
When the liver dies, unfiltered blood runs through your body
Once you confirm,
You double - cross once, where's it all end?
Once you betray me, I become like the ice woman.
Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman,
Once embryo growth has started,
Once this is won, we will send patrols to secure the streets.
Hmph. The moment they had the microfilm, they'd suicide me.
If we got anything, maybe we can enhance it.
Find a way to give them that, and you will be a great leader.
And will announce a new departure time as soon as we have one.
And once the hour of equality comes I will speak to you of shit.
Soon as we GT eyes, let's go in.
Once it reaches full power,
Okay, once the power's out of the blood,
My hands are dirty, always will be, huh?
By the time the endorphins wear off,
Once her brain function ceased, her cardiovascular system shut down.
And if the swelling in your brain continues,
Once the show ended, so did his payments,
And once we get her off them, you might actually be able to find your sister in there somewhere.
Once we separate the leg, there's no turning back.
You start thinking you know this place, it'll kill you.
Julie: if a member of your clique becomes head of household,
Start bleating on about their own as soon as they get caught.
And when they're done being remorseful, this will happen again.
To have it released if anything happens to him.
Once that was gone, every living creature would be exposed to a massive dose of radiation.
I mean, once you shrimp on somebody once,
If the stage light is on,
When a ship detonates the mine, the seaweed tangles up the propeller,
And once the ship has sunk,
The instant this ship was struck.
Once the show gets out there, you cannot get it back.
And once the CPU surpasses the human brain.
Once the chip is in place, you'll no longer have the ability to "empower" anyone.
Before some branch manager in Zurich catches wind.
Once the people of England see our newfound power.
Once the people of England see our new found power
If England falls
Once the grass flowers and sets seed,
And once vegetation is established,
Dries, all you can use to
Once those hormones get flowing... I needed to protect her.
Once Sutton gets something in her head,
When Lex gets involved, things usually turn out badly.
When Lex does show up, we'll face him together.
They kind of gotta let you out if you're on parole.
Once you get in here,
Satcom can be arranged as soon as he becomes available.
I'll be in touch the moment I have the information that you need.
After they did, he killed them anyway to bury the evidence and cut off the trail.
By the time they get her admitted, I'd have to be moving her out.
When Pete was proud of you,
Were it but free, it would soar, cloud - high.
Once free, the bug inflates itself still further,
A win is worth millions.
When you fall off, you're out.
Hell on earth.
Had fallen into the wrong hands, someone could've gotten killed.
If it were to fall into the wrong hands, it would be devastating to both our countries.
But once in the grasp of
Once she's in the system, she 'II never get out again.
Listen, the amount of damage it would do national security.
So alone, we're vulnerable.
I mean, once Tino gets the new drumhead,
Once the steamabchas exited the turbine,
And once BlueBell sees that he has moved on before I have,
As soon as the fern blooms.
At the moment the payroll is safe. Would you advise me to risk it?
If the bugs start to reproduce, then we'll never get them under control.
So once the snake takes the meat, then I slip that over his neck.
Ll, it's no easier once you're in.
Block the blood flow to your brain,
Soon as the blood work comes back,
Once the blood gets reabsorbed,
All right. Well, once we get him on bypass, it'll be easier to control.
Once the welts appear, the person doesn't have much time.
Once the blood gets reabsorbed, the pressure goes down, the symptom goes away.
Once the day was set,
If black briar goes South,
If Black briar goes South, we'll roll it up, hang it around her neck and start over.
As soon as this guy gets to wherever this thing ends, he won’t need you any more.
As a planet passes between the star and the spacecraft.
By the time you lay eyes on them
And once that's done there can be no delays, it's full of fuels they're gonna have to light that candle.
Once the show starts, I'm sure it'll be great from up here. - yeah.
Once they've all danced,
And once he starts that spiral, there is nothing we can do.
If anyone finds out about this, my life is over!
If anyone saw this, everything would be undone
Once we become predictable, we become vulnerable.
They gonna find us and stick us in a damn shelter.
The second they spot us, I start blast.
Once they get me, I'll never get away.
They're fond of arrows dipped in a neurotoxin
Anything can happen if you're interrogated by them.
And if he finds out,
Its bite brings instant death,
Once he opens it and unleashes whatever is in it to the world.
Once it's in you.
When it hits, abcit'll leave a much bigger crater.
You worst nightmare would be true,
Yeah, until the military gets ahold of it
One hit, and you're out.
Once they're cut,
By the time it's cut and distributed,
Yeah, and once he figures that out, he's gonna want to leave.
They get busted, they can move wherever they want.
If they found me out -
The risk of being seen together is enormous. If something goes wrong, people die.
Once found out they're as good as dead.
If it gets hot, we move.
If I were charged, my sentence would have words, not numbers.
Once they make you, you're gone.
And if one of the pieces were captured,
Had it worked.
When inhaled,
Once tempted, the frog is turned from predator to prey in a single pounce.
If ingested, it slows down the central nervous system,
If you are bitten, you will just become one of them.
Once bitten, there's no protection.
If they're stuck inside the pyramid, they could be dead.
Finds out that we knew he was cheating,
But don’t run to me once the press get hold of it.
It will crawl into the soul of anyone who engages it.
Once a target is singled out, there is no escape.
0nce they have a hold, they never let go.
You get nailed, you're in for life.
If they're detected, it's an act of war, and we lose the element of surprise.
When you're burned, you've got nothing.
When you're burned, you've got nothing - no cash, no credit, no job history.
As long as you're burned, you're not going anywhere.
When you're burned, you've got nothing no cash, no credit, no job history.
When you're burned, you've got nothing. No cash, no credit, no job history.
When you're burned, you've got nothing. No cash, no credit, no job history.
With the flip of a switch, the dollhouse can turn her into a killer.
When startled, the thunder drum produces a concussive sound that can kill a man at close range.
When startled, the thunder drum produces a concussive sound
And once it does you're never rid of it.
Once exposed, there's no way to know how long you've got.
When you etch them in stone.
If I ever hear about you doing some drugs
You can look me in my sweet blue eyes and I'll tell you weet nothings and you'll believe all of them.
Once touched, they never get off the ground.
A racially charged case like this,
And when broken.
Once executed, they purged from memory.
The one that, if found, will lead to the death of the person in possession of it?
You get caught,
He's in trouble the day he's caught.
If they are caught,
Would be bad for me if I got caught.
If you're caught, it could cost all of you your lives.
And when they get caught, they get a slap on the wrist. If it were me, I 'd.
That can’t be traced if they're captured.
All they get is juvie if they ever get caught.
You get caught, you do your time.
I get the death penalty if I get caught, so, thanks for your time.
If you got caught, you were jeopardizing your whole future.
But once the net gets you... There's no coming back.
If the zruids find us, there'll be big trouble.
If this leaks out, the church is in trouble.
She never handled rejection well.
When you're abducted at gunpoint, it's best to approach it like a blind date.
With rape, an accusation is as good as a conviction.
If caught, the two men and one woman face armed robbery charges
To get away with professional embarrassment.
Once it is in one's hands, it's right place is between the teeth.
If it were breached, telecommunication, transportation, power grids -
Well, once the government determines you're a traitor,
Once you find it, it is highly vulnerable.
And if we get killed.
Once the twig enters the skin, an infection occurs.
Look, once exposed,
Now once the dirty drug hits the streets, users are dropping like flies.
If grabbed by a potential predator,
Dollars to doughnuts, the beamers will
Once triggered, there's no waking up.
But when riled,
Once activated, they transmit a response to a coded signal.
When you're burned, you've got nothing - no cash, no credit,
Once dumped, he'd still dumped on everyone.
You get caught on camera, you lose your job.
If the Gestapo found out, that might explain why
She was once they made her one.
Oh, well, you're not such a hotshot
If it were breached
And if those reports are confirmed, I'll have to invoke our treaty.
And is on his way to general grievous
0nce stuck, there is no escape.
Once they've been benched.
Once they're officially admissible,
Both know that once suicide is suggested,
He returned to flesh and blood.
One punch with this, you'll blow your target up like a balloon!
But after she got that label, what else could she do?
If chosen, there's no turning back.
And every man chosen
And when you're chosen,
When chosen, a girl's life would be transformed.
As soon as the exhibit is approved and open.
And when you're backed into a corner, you fight.
If forgotten, the ghost loses its voice.
When that man finds out about us, he'll kill us all.
And once the surfing bug bit you -
When they found out, we'd all be dead.
Once he is bitten by the beast, there is no cure.
Once domesticated, the yak is an amazing animal,
And we'll be able to spot the anomalies as soon as they open?
Now, once he does this,
Once silk decides on something, she goes through with it.
If he feels trapped, his animal instinct's gonna kick in.
At this final parting, he fears much remains unsaid
Is it a "last hired, last fired" sort of thing?
And the minute he gets his hands on the budget,
A lie always leads to more lies.
I am closing the pie hole whenever we have a case.
Once you're given the order to put on the headphones,
When you practice, you have to
That given the choice between doing
Once he sees that you brought me here, he's more likely to shoot you than I am.
They wouldn’t strike up a conversation
Because once you meet somebody that you've been writing about.
And when they see, they shall lust,
And when those rules break down, the man breaks down.
First sign of regression means we've taken him off the wrong one.
Soon as they think someone's on them.
When Bauer and Audrey Raines are killed,
By freeing me, you captured my heart.
Once merely an irritation, now potentially lethal.
And once it reaches his heart, everything your friend once was.
And once it reaches his heart, everything your friend once was will be gone.
When the mother's immune system is triggered.
Once this thing gets activated,
When these babies go off, all hell's gonna break loose.
In a war that will engulf the entire continent.
When triggered, a polycarbonate glass wall seals the room,
If the alarm triggers, that door locks down,
Once down, the hard bit is finding the carcass.
Put on the heat,
Once Jameson starts his detective work,
Once the guards are alerted the worm loses its advantage
When the guards are distracted.
Once the police have released her body, then I'll pick her up.
If the cops show up, blend in and drive away.
Once the cops pick up a call on a flagged cell, they triangulate its location.
Those cops start asking questions about that truck out front,
And once the cops get a good look at me.
As soon as the police found her body, they knew who'd done it.
When the feds find the bodies and the van, we are fucked.
If the police find the geo, they could see who dumped it.
As soon as the police ID Straub or Teddy,
Well, once the police confirm your I. D.,
After the police thought they cleared the scene,
Once the panic button is hit, the room thinks an intruder is inside.
Once its cover is blown, the bite proposes no threat to the monkeys
Once its cover is blown, the viper poses no threat to the monkeys,
Once the police are called, it becomes a matter for the state, I'm sorry.
This is all gonna blow over once they catch the right guy.
If the police arrest Lisbeth, all hell could break loose.
Men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel.
Once that's settled, we sell the land
Once the computer's wiped out,
When the meal rush comes, what will happen?
Once your team thinks the board is right, let me know.
Once I find a barber, I stick with him. I almost went to barber school.
Once you get it into your skull.
If recognized, he should not be approached.
Once I commit to something, I stick with it.
Once it becomes clear that, yes, this child is almost
If the world gets wind of their existence,
Once we get one or two out, they're going to crumble.
They see us, they will attack,
Once I let them in, that's it. It's over for me.
If we faII to do so, we don’thave a shot.
But if he finds me, I could lose everything.
Now, when he finds out you don’town a damn thing,
Once you convince him of your innocence,
Once you let the Iranians and Syrians.
Once you spaz out in front of the whole scho
It will only rouse the populace
If she gets her way,
Once we get it down to the waterline,
The first time I catch you in a lie, the deal is off.
And when I find her, I shall take my great knife
Once I land
Once I lay my hands on those rats
Once the Senate orders peacekeeping troops to Mandalore,
If there's any interruption..
Once the message is out, you'll see that.
He can remember a scent for weeks, even months,
Once you've memorized the floor plan, you want to get it down on paper as quickly as you can.
Once I told the truth about that.
But once a promise is made, it needs to be kept.
As soon as the permits have been sorted out... You can have your children back.
And once spoken, a wish cannot be undone, no matter what the consequences.
Once our witness talks,
I'm just saying - once you get picked out of the line - up, that's it.
Verify it is what they think it is.
Upon verification of your information,
Let me know when you get a confirmation.
But if this is confirmed as a terrorist attack
Once we have it,
A match 'II get us farther on the warrants.
If this certificate ever appears, you know what it will prove.
Once the judges see your masterpiece, they'll forget all about that tripe.
Pintel: once we're quit of the curse we'll be rich men.
Once the curse is broken I'll be just like anybody else.
And as soon as we got faces,
Then they try it and they love it, right? It hits the spot.
Once you break the seal, you may not leave the room until you have completed the entire exam.
And if they tried, they could put it out.
One taste, and you're hooked.
And the day will come when language
And once you've moved her out of position, you attack.
Once it's said you are dead
Once you tell, then every conversation is about that.
Once word got out,
As soon as his Majesty opens his mouth, we're cooked.
For once said, it cannot be unsaid!
I start naming names, that'll choke off the flow of information.
The vow for the night's watch is you forsake having children,
Say that out loud and you might kill it.
Except when it comes to people.
The kid thing was always a deal breaker.
Having entered into an understanding he would never go back on his word.
Once l started saying it, l can’t stop.
They get freaked out about saying the wrong thing, so.
People are gonna assume anyone we question is guilty.
Once you get the right angle,
Once you get the right angle, you can actually see the details of its body segments.
If the FBI start to move in on him, he'll lawyer up,
All inquiries into the incompetence of civil servants
Once the talking starts, step up the violence.
I'll contact you once negotiations are underway.
We will resume service as soon as negotiations break down. Thank you.
When it happened, he talked bout it all the time.
Once the murder charge goes away.
First lie that passes your lips, I blow your head off.
When that lie falls away,
When a deal like this turns up, you get on it and you ride it till it's over.
When Hausner gets started, there's no stopping him.
You could die from blood poisoning.
But if we did, you'd have to pay the other side's costs too.
You lose this challenge, your fate is not in your hands.
If it goes South, we were never there.
Let me know the moment that van stops moving.
Once the truck leaves the Los Angeles area, the number of roads we have to search drastically reduces -
When your company gives us a grant..
If trade suffers, we all suffer. Rome as well.
Doyle's got a team ready to go as soon as Fayed tells gredenko
Soon as Jarvis identifies the man behind the assassination attempt,
The profits are almost instantaneous
And once we win, we get a new game.
When we do, people are gonna notice. They'll have to.
Once earned, it affords us tremendous freedom.
Now, once Heracles' blood mixes with octopus' formula.
Gentlemen, you go down that road.
When you've gone down that road it's over, it's curtains.
Once this happens, once it goes through, you can never go back.
Seem bent on taking... Once you
And when they do, they don’tcome back.
Once you go down this road, there's no turning back.
He goes outside that, we get an alert.
Once it's over, you can’t bring it back.
Once you get outside, the cold would have reminded you.
Once it gets to this, the chances of staying together aren't that great.
Once that happens, Pandora's got wings.
When that happens, go home. Leave.
You got too close and turned off.
And tell her that I need to talk to her as soon as I get out of here.
You open that door up, you're asking for a needy, whiny, slacker of a colleague.
Once word got out, you'd never be able to keepthe rest of the world from digging here too.
Word gets out, townsfolk start lighting the torches.
Any word of an investigation, people would start running for cover.
If the plan gets leaked to the Cylons, all bets are off.
There's going to be a long line of suitors as soon as word gets out,
You open that door up,
I walk in that lab.
You get got as soon as you walk in that door.
We make one wrong move,
One false move, and you know what?
When you went off, it wasn't the whole song.
Once they kick in, instead of doubling down, you'll be falling down.
This fire will spread!
Temperatures easily reached in the fire.
And as soon as it's ready, we'll put it out to the appropriate media outlets.
Once it's airborne, the albatross uses almost no energy
You go over that, and the organs start dying.
Anything more than that, somebody will notice.
That once they cross over,
If a super-volcano blows,
If this supercollider actually works,
'cause after that, you look at her and you're like,
Once I've cracked 200 I'll be quite happy.
Longer than this,
If that happens, he will kill them all.
If I break out of prison, I'm a fugitive.
You cross the line, you answer to me.
You cross that line, and there's no going back.
Their container; once we're past
Once below the dense regionsabcof the atmosphere,
Once over the Rubicon, Romans are citizens, not soldiers.
Once I make it over the state line, I'll call.
You learn consequences
The brakes will stop it automatically. Yeah, but they're all green!
Once we're across the border, we cruise on down to Belize,
After you break outside these walls,
Once you've crossed that line, you can’t go back.
If you cross this line, you can’t come back, son.
Then once he's familiar enough with the house,
Once enough tea has been gathered in, the processing begins.
If you get on base... Huh? What's wrong?
Turns green if you're in close enough proximity to a computer to gain wireless access.
Who, now that we're together, tries to change everything about me.
I am ready to sign the contract once I speak to my daughter.
Where there's politics, there's just.
One thing about making a deal with the devil.
Once you've started, you can’t back down.
That once you cross the threshold, there's no return.
It'll detonate as soon as it crosses its designated perimeter.
Once Luke Wright gets on a roll,
When I messed up, I will be smiling.
Once you jump in, the light is so blinding you begin to drift.
Abandon all hope, he who enters there! Alright we get it.
Entering this cave, what awaits
You need to be on your guard out there.
Once you're inside the security perimeter of the fashion show,
It'll hit you all at once.
Once warmed, it changes to normal daytime colour.
When the body starts to fail.
Soon as I'm better, I'll perform any night of the week.
If you are feeling hopeless please pick up the phone and call
No, once the truck is outside for the ceremony tomorrow,
The engine will explode, so it's better if you're thrown from the car.
That when it comes to your children, your love has to be absolute.
People don’t drive when their tires are on fire.
Earth's life might take a bad hit when that radiation reaches us.
If they don't, they're gonna wind up on the golf course early,
If you Iose the Iast game of the season, nobody gives a shit.
Once I input your number, I'll be able to access the server's mainframe and pull the records from there.
Once I've programmed it.
And when heated to a certain degree.
And they'll come to a point
When we hit our number, I was gonna disappear,
A state in which, if a single grain of SD
It's a state of mind which you attain, and, at that moment, and thereafter,
Once the croc is up to speed.
Once it's done, you oblige us and take good care of the women.
Once we make a deal, it cannot be changed or renegotiated.
Once they cross the 24 - mile mark,
Once they cross the 24 - mile mark, there's no way we can get on at all.
which my Intel has going down at 5:00,
Once you turn 30, parts dry up.
And then way down there as far as you can go.
Once upon a December
But when the big hand points down,
Once you're over the hill, that's it.
Once you get through that, the rest is easy.
Once we're through here, there's no more searchlights. Quick! Go!
And when it does, like all the others.
Once that's gone, there's nothing left.
Once it's gone, you never get it back again.
Once it's gone, what?
Happiness is helpless in passing.
They get too hot, they explode.
In high doses, it stops the heart and lungs.
Once I run this, we're good to go.
Once it's been pushed on its way to Mars by the launch vehicle,
And when it is, I'll watch
And as soon as this is over, I'm taking you to the hospital.
Once this thing shuts down we are as good as dead.
As soon as this stuff breaks open.
Once that thing locks onto its target, there's no hiding.
There's no way we can guage or predict what's gonna happen
As soon as the world comes to its senses, I'm going to travel.
Once the idea came together
Once this guy shows up, and Diana's girls aren't there,
You should be fine so long as the person breaks into your house
Once it's in your head, though.
Once the so called green economy laws are in place,
And when this man, thirteen, is found,
Once this new race of creatures is complete,
Once this brutal regime ends, things could get better.
Once the system is set in motion,
And if that informer provides adequate information.
As soon as this is over, I promise you,
As soon as this group got strong enough by the luck of
Once my problem goes away, then -
When it did, the result was explosive.
As soon as someone gets - one of these principalities
Once this job is a done deal,
I'll take care of it as soon as this is over.
Do you realize how many people will get hurt if this gets out?
Once the tripods start to move, no more news comes out of that area.
Well, he is going hide behind a lot more than that once this hits the fan.
'cause once we run them down, we gotta run down everyone they sold to.
As far as the Russians are concerned,
Who will suffer when these companies are no longer competitive
And once that happens, according to the book,
Once these deviant personalities collide, they're deadly and unstoppable.
Once these kids tell their friends,
Once these guys go viral, we're gonna be fighting off the offers.
Since the families are estranged,
Once those papers arrive,
Once those writings are translated.
And when those journals passed the border, they became my property.
Now if and when they turn up,
Once those cy - bugs finish off sugar rush,
Now, once this drug breaks containment, it goes viral in a few days.
Once the polluted water sufficiently ruins the protected lands,
Once the substance has been broken down chemically, and gets airborne.
And once those lines are drawn, they can never be crossed.
If these creatures ever develop the power to think.
Once the integrity of the box gets compromised.
Once these testosterone pellets dissolve your system will be back to normal.
And if you're convicted of all those charges
Once these bulkhead doors are sealed.
Once orders are sent to the fulfilment centre, only the retailer has access.
And once all these ghetto hood rats are out of my house.
What was once it's now yours. What do you say?
People will just get hurt if it gets out.
If word gets out, every tribe and every nation will rise against us.
If this ever comes up, I will deny, deny, deny, and if anyone ever asks me about defiance -
To take princesses Mary and Elizabeth as soon as this is countersigned.
Once the decision was taken out of our hands,
As soon as this... Farce is done
And if those norms are about to change it attacks one of the most important foundations of a culture
What's going to happen once this woman is caught?
Whenever they're discovered by the Taliban,
As soon as the boy became a material witness
The guy hulks out,
So once this guy realizes
Once this guy knows he lost his cover,
If this firm is sold or absorbed, I am free to leave.
Once these bands are removed, I will wage a war against humanity.
Once this little guy managed to crawl right into his ear, it fed on his blood to make eggs.
Once this album is a hit, we'll be free to do whatever we want
And when these affections become common knowledge,
But if that happened, there'd be even fewer jobs for men stateside.
Once this team gets rolling,
Snap the line and you don’t know who's who?
And when that line gets blurred, people, they just become animals.
Once we see how the rails perform.
Meaning once they do,
But when it happens, the next morning,
You won’t even be able to get to sleep.
Because if you did,
And when they do, they introduce new life.
Once we do that, the cat's out of the bag for good.
And when he does, it's gonna be fast and ugly.
And when they do, it's not going to be pretty.
And if that happens, the terrorists will release the gas.
And when that happens, I will have to kill you.
If we do that, they get to introduce all his prior felonies,
And once the concept is proved on earth,
But once it turned into one of these big power ballads,
We're all going to get back
When this breaks, every reporter in the world will want to know your answer.
And when it does, a program can either choose to hide here.
And when you lose that possibility.
That with this type of auditory phenomenon,
Once the sound is gone that part of your hearing's gone.
And when it wears off, I'm gonna have to find the rest of them.
Once that happens, all it takes is one point.
And when that happens, they can kill the cell.
When it becomes acceptable, and maybe some of you may
Where it starts or what you call it,
Once this new race of creatures is complete, then what?
Once that's gone,
Once the bug falls off, I'm gonna have to kill it.
When the device ignites, the field needs to be at full strength.
So, once word gets out that I'm a suspected criminal,
So the plate reader will alert us just as soon as it appears again.
Once it's clear, we run for Optimus as fast as we can, okay?
And once there is nothing left here to distract him.
That way, when the hospital starts doing surgery again,
Once the horse reaches the castle.
Once I got into a good law school,
When you're in it, you can’t get out. I'm sorry.
Once I get her in the operating room, I can have the baby out in 60 seconds IFL have to.
You go to jail, that's all gonna go away.
Sewage water and electronics just don’t mix.
Are pretty much powerless once they're inside.
Enters as your standard nut job and asscake lockup,
When you're in the cockpit, you're in control.
What goes in.
Once inside, we'll proceed as planned.
Once in the sewer, timing will be of the essence.
Once in combat, I don’t believe any of us had any difficulty doing what we had to do.
Once S.S.P.E. Moves to stage II, it 's -
And it converts into propofol once inside the body.
Or in a living human, it can cause uncontrollable mutation.
Once in, he snakes in his own hose and starts to pump.
Once it reaches your subconsciousness
Once inside the secure zone, you will disrobe.
Once inside the healthy cell,
Once inside they lay eggs that turn into larvae that eat the tree.
Once they enter freshwater, the salmon stop feeding.
But once you're in, you can program whole floors,
Once inside, it becomes apparent
Once underground,
As soon as you enter the building,
But once in space, they gently unfold,
Once in range, are you sure you can kill him?
Once they get inside, they just spall.
Once you get into it, there was no stopping you.
And once inside the home, the fox would live with the families and then become the father.
And once the trial starts, I will not allow you to change your plea.
But once he got close, his rage took over and he snapped.
Once we're inside, we'll wake up.
Once inside, we'll disengage the security cameras.
Once inside, Vaughn and I will split up.
Once inside all I want to do is stay in the background remain conspicuous.
Once I'm in, how do I get down to floor level?
Once we get inside the properties, the clients are free to wander around on their own.
Once you're inside the room, the generator switch will be straight ahead.
Once inside, the killer stabs his victims
Once they're in an unpopulated area, we can launch an all - out attack.
You have shut yourself from the outside world.
Once you enter the dream world the spirit chooses the challenge you have to face.
Termed to maintain her game face,
Once it's in the condensation cycle, it starts getting in rain clouds and rain drops.
Or in a living human, it can cause uncontrollable mutation.
Once in the ocean, the salts slowly become more concentrated
We'll fix the rations once we get into production I promise.
Once we enter into society.
Once it's in the air, it'll disperse.
And once you're on the board, you can vote on things.
And it becomes a full - grown worm once it's in the bloodstream.
Once it enters the bloodstream, it immediately starts to break down the immune system.
Which was once find into the blood system, causes mutation.
Once in the blood, cyanide binds to hemoglobinmore strongly than oxygen,
Once in orbit, these satellites will target and destroy incoming Soviet missiles.
Once in orbit, these satellites will target and destroy
And as you reach solar maximum, it becomes a very bad time to be in space.
And once that starts happening, they're toast.
Once we're inside the cruiser,
Once inside, there is no escape.
If we are in a retrial situation,
Once you're in the tunnel, stay close and follow your guide.
Once in the food chain, they bind to body fats like blubber.
Once they're sedated,
You can’t go back.
Once the work
Once inside, he's one of them.
When you're in it, you can’t get out.
Once in, is it pulled out by hand or is a sneeze involved?
Once I'm through, there's a long stretch of hallway monitored by a closed - circuit camera.
Once we get in, there's no way to turn around.
If you enter that place, you will never leave again.
Once in, there's no way out
Once inside, we'll be faced with four security officers,
And there's a good chance of that happening if we go in there guns a - blazing. You know I'm right.
And once you're in, you'll never get out again.
But once he's behind the door, he's on his own.
Once she's in the apartment, there's no getting her out.
Once you're in, you're in. It's totally locked up.
Once processed, it's more money than you've ever dreamed of.
Once you get in that car we are going all the way.
Because once the hikers veer off, chasing after that butterfly,
If he breaches them, they will fire him.
When used illicitly, they can make the user feel relaxed,
When used illegally, the tablets are crushed and snorted for a quick high.
If you violate any of these conditions,
Once you violate that rule
Cross the line, they're going to arrest you on the spot.
Break house arrest, you go back to jail.
When you break the rules, there will be consequences.
And once I'm in, I can see through his phone's camera.
Once they're linked, we'll only need ten minutes
Once they're linked, we'll only need ten minutes to complete the calculations.
And once you give that up, you can’t ever buy it back.
Once the connection's made, it should only be a mattre of few minutes.
Once the connection's made, it should only be a few minutes.
Once he does, just click on video,
Once agent dinozzo's stash ran out,
To look out for the tracking beacon in case it came back on.
Once delivered to the space station.
Once we've got her into this school of yours,
Is that when adaptive genetic change starts to occur,
And once that happens, once you know that you can do that.
Who escape from captivity become man - eaters -
Once pulled into the events, he could no longer deny reality.
If we run away, we'll just look guilty.
As soon as the contrary wind comes up
Once you chose,
When you go down that corridor.
Once past these coastal predators,
Once it comes through, it'll take about.
If you get voted through, go crazy out there!
Once you cross the threshold, you are committed to be here for the remainder of your days.
Going through all the paragraphs will take forever.
And once I'm through that I go to Richmond for training.
Once it passes, the road to citizenship opens up.
Which, if granted, would commute my sentence and set about my own recognizance.
And we'll let you folks know just as soon as we get through this turbulence here, okay?
Once through, they'll move west, away from the city.
As soon as the barriers go up, I want you go over to medical
As soon as I go over a hundred and ten it starts to wobble like heck.
He gets ahold of you, he's judge, jury, and executioner.
So, if he was desperate enough, he may have been willing to kill someone.
Whenever confronted with something new and stressful.
We'll be smashed to bits if there's turbulence.
If you come upon this guy, call it in.
So, when something good comes along,
When it comes to this particular issue,
If there's a problem, I fix it.
Just like my parents, first sign of trouble and she just tossed me aside to become some other doctor's problem.
Whenever they got in trouble, there were these angel investors.
The first sign of trouble, you get the hell out of there.
Once the uncertainty about the number of victims and the attempts
As soon as that will and I get my mon
Once probate was final, he had the listing.
Once you're in a slump.
Once hit buildings
Once your frightened amateur leads you to the pros,
Once you factor in her
Soon as that demon leaves your mother,
Right. When that goes South, all bets are off.
The minute it's over - wham, off to dreamland.
And when these people realize you're not one of them,
When these people realize you're not one of them, they're gonna destroy you.
These bags cross the line into illegal knockoffs,
Once those soldiers develop 4400 abilities.
Once all those kids see how much fun we're having at camp canola.
And once that is done, I will gladly transmit the remainder.
Once all the precintcs in those States are closed.
Once the civilians have made the jump,
And once those gunsare out and about,
Once under suspicion.
If those results were made public, they could cause
Once when all those nice churchgoing people get whooshed up to heaven in the rapture,
Once the bonds are counted and confirmed,,,
If those trackers hit the ground and disperse,
Once an adopted child realizes they can never know who their birth parents are
Once the bunny was in the bathroom,
Seriously, when you have one under your spell, then you get up and leave.
Once a guy starts soiling his Union suit?
you know, once baby brother's got his little hands
The moment that young girl looks at you with her sad little weepy eyes, you're lost, you're finished.
We open up that door, we become a part of history.
If that happens, then the comet pulls the earth forward.
Those floodgates open and we're done.
If the worm pops out of the ground,
When a tumor like that gets large enough to be problematic,
And once I'm done there, he will be, too.
That damn thing gets online, we will have a worldwide disaster on our hands in a matter of days.
Start twisting and the freak comes out.
Once the neighbors hear you're going,
They'll get paid back when we unload the booze.
What happens when it's on the truck
Once I'm awake, I can’t get back to sleep. I start thinking about my grandson in Pensacola.
And when you do that, you skyline yourself.
And once they're out,
Once released into the fallopian tubes.
I want to be ready to roll
Can you keep us posted on any information you get from the inside?
Just getting back, I didn’t know that I needed it so much in my life.
No, once the override's set,
A boar shows up, you grab his neck with your left hand
When they set it free, they get their next clue.
Soon as the gold's out of that ground,
Once I grabbed the coins, I'd change clothes
But when we do, I'll bet they match your hand.
The second that clock starts ticking in earnest, I'll be on my way.
As the steel rebar rusts,
Once hooked, the fish fight valiantly, and it may take all night to haul one up.
When you get your hands on the money, you're gonna dump him?
When the money has been transferred into our account,
Once the money is in.
Tug on the purse strings, you'll find a lady's heart.
And once it's deposited, he'll get you your money.
As soon as the drill strikes air it has no resistance.
Now, once they've reached the buyers in Antwerp.
Once the diamond is placed at the top, it will point the way to Shangri - la.
Once you get it in a little bit, you can speed her up, let her rip.
Once we get crawling in the heating ducts, there's a possibility.
As soon as you're through the steel,
Once the iron's out of the liver, it's finally evacuated by the body in the form of urine.
And we may never be able to penetrate the iron curtain once it's slammed shut.
And once bankers and oligarchs have power,
Once your target is tracked, the next task is to stop his vehicle.
as soon as you locate her,
Once we lock on to their signal, we beam back the gates, beam ourselves out, and hopefully be gone
Once the subject was confirmed,
With prelaunch locked self-guidance.
Miss the target.
And if you miss the chance.
Once a lot of black people in town find out who you going around with.
When they crack down, everyone suffers.
Once you get to this age, it's fine, but little ones,
They only come when it becomes sweet.
Once the door is open, start the hourglass.
once the door is open, start the hourglass.''
When that door gets opened, we only got one shot to get up there and surprise him.
Once the lightning starts to hit.
The only safe place to be once the lightning begins to strike is in the control room.
Close your eyes and the fragrance disappears. So keep your eyes closed
As soon as I'm finished here,
So an intruder can see him through the window and get scared off.
Once that geyser goes off, they're broiled.
At the first smell of the opposition, drop hot potato into ample lap of London station.
And once the appendix bursts, the complication rate rises to 59%.
When your appendix burst, it was like a dam giving way.
Once those blast doors close, you don't. It's nuclear hardened.
I stop the undertaking, I wipe out the disease.
As soon as Alphonse Gangitano was charged with murder,
Then we'll need you to verify the canisters
And once an alpha goes in.
Soon as Asta gets her attention
And if Amanda resurfaces,
As soon as Arthur's music kicks in, just use the defibrillator to revive him.
And when Amelia arrives to awaken Marcus.
As soon as senator Amidala finds something,
And once he takes it,
And once he takes it, those hex bags won’t be enough to protect you.
Once we make altitude.
Once that chute opened, I was happy as a lark.
And I won’t let him out of my sight, once we land.
And once they're gone, that's it,
If anyone but me comes to the safe house,
Once they got rid of all their witnesses, they used magnesium burn bars.
And once Lionel's out of the picture,
Once we kill those protecting the Uniter,
Once the jury comes in, it's out of your hands.
Once a jury hears that you tried to kill a man because he knew you were a pedophile.
Once a jury hears that you tried to kill a man
And when the jury convicts him,
Once the jury starts deliberating, the verdict stands.
Once this panel establishes all the relevant facts,
Because when that jury comes in, it's out of my hands.
Once the jury sees the evidence that we have in that car,
Once the jury sees the evidence that we have in that car, you're out of here.
Once you go down to.
But when we've hit rock bottom,
Once being captured in a dream
The trouble starts once you fall in love. Let's go to that bookshop
only if you drown in love, will you not fear God above
Once you're in, you're in.
Lf deeply involved, you can’t get out of trouble.
Once you're invisible, it's bloody hard to turn back.
We cloak the city, we lose shields.
As long as it's open, there's no way to prevent the keeper of the underworld,
Lf enough veils are passed,
And when the males reach their mating age,
Once the males are established on the beach the females soon follow
Once you have all four necklaces, make your way to the finish,
Once you do so, what you need to do will be clear to you.
And when it does arrive
If you're wanted again at number 10, you will be sent for.
Be willing to lay down our lives for each other if it comes to that.
If ever you need it, bite on it. The poison acts in 5 minutes.
Once the Hobbitses are dead!
Any sign of weakness, 20 guys would line up
Once the bloodhound Lois is at your door,
Once this penicillin concentrates, we can test it on the rat.
And once that mask is removed,
Once I'm face to face, it serves an entirely different purpose.
Once the veil is dropped, the other side doesn't exist anymore.
Once the interview was over, I went in for the kill.
As soon as the music ends, you blow up the hospital,
When the submissive accepts they're in control
It would have happened if the customer's safety was threatened.
Then as soon as they play the sit down bells people panic, leave.
When the Precogs declare a victim and a killer -
Once at sea, the nearest land is 400 miles to the northeast in Scandinavia.
Once in flight, the pigeons, experts think.
Have the passengers evac as soon as they hit the ground.
If that plane lands, then that is game over
If that plane lands, then that is game over for division and for you.
Once this plane left, Hassan made sure there was no turning back.
Once the plane goes through the gate and hits the taxiway,
Once the plane is outside your country's airspace.
The pilot will be informed of the destination
And once a spacecraft is out in deep space.
Once he's satisfied, the predator and prey live peacefully together.
Get hungry enough.
So every first - pitch strike, your batting average goes down about 75 points.
The head man feels safe,
And once the vervain's worked its way out of your system,
As soon as it's lifted
and you can’t straighten up when you bend. 
And when the con falls apart, this is how he handles it.
We'll check for cranial staining once the bones are clean.
Once the spirit is more compliant, then we can start drawing it out.
Look, once a spirit infects that first person,
But when it succeeds the thing happens,
Once the curse is broken I'll be just like anybody else.
Once these devils will be destroyed, your misery will be destroyed.
Once the fish is on the line
Once root opens his mouth, it's over. He can’t introduce this trick.
Once Powell ingests the scopolamine,
Otherwise Bauer will land that chopper and disappear with Salazar into the population.
You tell your men the instant, and I mean the instant
While abalone's being smuggled out of the country by criminal gangs,
Once the salmon go, there goes half the ecosystem.
If McCain wins, he'll help save the salmon.
I'll be releasing you as soon as the effects of the anesthesia wear off.
And once it gets in.
Once this darkness consumes you,
And once darkness gets a taste for light.
Once the black box is activated,
Once the melanin binds to the epidermis there's no getting rid of it.
Once the hack's open, I gotta stay with it,
When Deb finally understands who her brother really is.
Once ziro has been released and is handed to me,
Once this touches him, the emperor will rise to rule again.
That's been happening all morning.
They been spraying the hell out of us all morning.
Where have you been all morning?
A good cormorant team can catch a couple of dozen decent - sized fish in a morning
Um, only phone call we got all morning.
No, she was out of it this morning, like someone else was in her body.
Good morning. Good morning.
That's gonna hurt in the morning.
Just been sitting in here all morning.
Name one good thing about it.
There's nothing good about this morning.
You know, I've been taking cancellations all morning.
They've been on and off all morning.
We've already had six no - brainer motions denied this morning.
I spent the morning with a friend,
I been thinking about you all morning.
You've been gone all morning. You didn’t return my calls.
A free morning.
And as the morning progressed.
Okay, something's been bugging me all morning,
Been backed up with traffic fatalities all morning.
PD all morning, then I got a call out after I stopped that limousine, but.
Been a busy morning
Been tryin 'to track you down all morning.
We tried to raise you on your com all morning.
Been wrangling the runaways all morning.
They've been acting up all morning. I found out another robbery in Chicago.
Been picking it out of her treads all morning.
Just tell me that to begin with?
Rough morning, man.
All ready long ago
I did not expect to wake up today
The Jagerbar at 6:30 this morning in the middle of my Pilates, and now this.
Up in the morning to the rising sun
Down to Kinkaid's ranch early this morning.
I'd expect a more mature reaction from someone eating fruity puffs.
Must be nice to have your morning latte next to your pool.
Post a job opening on the Internet in the morning,
First thing in the morning, live.
Her father took her out for breakfast this morning.
Through the window.
Walk them in the morning.
Tomorrow morning, come back Sunday afternoon.
Been acting screwy all morning.
Okay, first thing is we're gonna go in there nice and early.
searching from morning for my golden hen
He would have killed this old guy
Should've known that
Start from the morning? Yes
For a long time, actually. I said, "the machine" -
He disclosed your secret
Morning carbs, definite no - no.
Early morning procedure, so.
And we'll pick it up in the morning.
Love the smell of chemo in the morning.
Maybe I should've reported that prick.
At the crack of dawn.
Early. Get down!
And made us all rush back? It’s him!
She would have gone to him ages ago.
Why're you so hungry this early?
This morning started out with a fingernail,
In the morning. Do you realize that? I have to be up at 6:00 in the morning
We'll get the mayor out of the way in the morning.
In the morning, I'll go to the us attorney.
I'll come round first thing.
I'll go and check in on him in the morning.
Phone's been ringing early today.
Of course this is happening.
They were rather surprised to see me.
“Left early” seems to be a euphemism.
I started the day with one lawyer, and now I have ten.
Uh, not since earlier. Why?
I get up in the morning - breakfast, math tutor, Latin tutor, lunch,
Get up in the morning and go do something.
You always feel sleepy... Stop beating me.
I woke up with a headache this morning, man.
This morning, I'm really sad that Daniel's gone.
Woke up one morning to bulldozers carving a road across his property and he was outraged.
Woke up this morning with an ache in my head
He changes.
Sometimes yes, sometimes no
Can a bulwark built in such a short Tim
How can we build a bulwark in such a short time?
Of other cultures where
L tore it
By mistake?
After that, they are just people.
Right at the time.
Did my words not come out right?
Suddenly, the whereabouts of Jonathan cold are no longer recorded.
Before they knew it, the band was getting offers all over.
It would take too long to explain it.
And suddenly, whose life are you saving now?
Within that second, I couldn't think of one optimistic thing to say to her.
For a minute, l thought he was you.
For a moment my hands were not my own,
Slipped and fell on him and killed him stone dead.
I don’t have a suitable candidate just yet
Going over some options.
A whim?
Fuel to the fire.
For kicks? Economics.
A whim. Maybe not such a good idea.
On a whim.
The whims, the demands, the athletic assignations.
I just came by on impulse.
Heat of the moment... And all that.
On a whim, I pulled the financial records on the residents from the home who passed away over the last few years.
Impulsively purchased talking level, check.
Fleeting? As in, say, a passing fancy?
It's a phase.
Little biter and my behavior in a moment of passion
I crash landed in a Louisiana swamp
Just had this impulse.
Sudden heat?
Well, things happen in the heat of the moment.
And, in a moment of passion.
One of those impulses that grabs you, but so far we're okay.
Don’t you have any self - control?
A fling, you know?
Well, it's a simple crime of passion, isn't it?
Just 'cause her girlfriend likes a big rack.
Your impulsive losing of money at the stock markets.
Didn’t think when l bought it
Oh, total impulse. I hope it's not too much of an intrusion.
It can be dangerous listening to your impulses.
I had an urge to see the house.
We decided on the spur of the moment.
A fling! You know, we were young.
And on a dare, I hotwired a car, I got caught.
So on impulse, I put my hand on him.
Heat of the moment, maybe.
L came here on a stupid whim.
The occasional murderous impulse,
They don’t give you the death penalty for crimes of passion.
One - time impulse killers.
A crime of passion.
Something rash.
Crime of passion.
A crime of passion? It certainly looks like one.
That happiness born of passion is always short - lived.
Heat of the moment.
You felt a twinge, it was your heart and you're dead now.
He's not going to be back for a while.
That's enough for now. - yeah.
And they won’t see anything for a while.
It's probably gonna be a while.
There's not enough time for you to make it all the way -
This'll take a while.
This is going nowhere fast. We really should go, grandmother.
Don’t you write your old man off just yet.
It's not like they're gonna change anytime soon.
Well, I can’t explain now.
Comin 'back slowly, but surely.
It's gonna take a little more than a minute.
It won’t take a minute.
About all the things we should have done for this good man.
He won’t be back for a while. I'll tell him you called.
And I don’tintend to die anytime soon.
Lt won’t be anytime soon.
And he ain’tscoring anytime soon.
It's complicated, but I'm okay.
It doesn't look like it's letting up.
Got caught up in a moment.
It takes time.
Won’t be back for a while.
Will be gone most of the night.
Yeah, it's gonna be a while.
I won’t have proof positive for a couple hours, but.
I need time to find it.
For a bit.
Must be overwhelming.
It's a long story and I'd hate to have
Can't really socialize 'cause I'm running late.
Which is more than I can say for you.
Before there's anyone to see me who matters.
Things are going to be busier all around for a while.
Be patient.
It was thoughtless - fine.
And suddenly it's all woebegone maidens and dramatic deaths.
Little slips happen.
Temporary lapse in judgment.
I'm so careless, I almost missed you
I lost control for a minute.
Lucky shot, lucky shot.
Because of one mistake
Of his confederates.
I'm just stalling
I mean, it was just bad judgment.
No, no, not so fast.
Grew lonely.
Sometimes, you treat him nice. Other times, you hit and scold him to death.
In the far reaches of the quell system.
Quite a glorious pair for a while - very Nick and Nora.
You scared at all? No.
Lt's complicated, but we're gonna need a different house.
Forgot.
Heat of the moment. It'll never happen again.
It just slipped out. - it's okay.
Of course you were thrown off balance.
And been inspired to add some finishing touches.
Spur of the moment. Sorry I missed your birthday.
I slipped my mind.
An old habit... A friend kiss.
When it didn't happen right away, I - I wasn't too worried.
One minute, you're closer to someone than anyone in the whole world,
I lost control. Brilliant.
For panicking, for turning this into.
No, I don’t think so.
Well, I can’t think now.
Can't think of his name now. James Noakes.
The name escapes me now.
Don’t know off the top of my head, but I could check my time card.
I'm blanking... Who was it?
I lost my mind and wanted to commit suicide.
One day she's into safe. Next day she's into sexy.
In a moment of colossal stupidity, I panicked and told her I'm not ready for sex.
I panicked.
And was frightened
One or all time losers.
This has all just been too much.
I get bored.
It was in the heat of the moment,
To do without it entirely.
And I panicked.
Won’t leave here that soon
In a moment of weakness, and I feel better. Thank you.
Spur of the moment, seemed like the right thing.
So I've run out to ease the steam.
And with your blood boiling, you went to the professor's office,
I lost my temper and fought with him
Really, just heat of the moment.
When I first saw you at the club.
Slipped your mind?
Never have an ashtray in this town
She got loose somehow.
Having more man than wit about me, drew.
Having a moment.
I started out to prove something, and now it isn't important anymore.
Stupidly, yes. We received the leak.
Misdemeanor stupidity.
With a crime of passion, is it?
Driver's license in the one place of their last attack.
Slipped your mind? Oh, for - right.
A moment's ecstasy, a moment's excuse,
A fling.
In a momentary feeling toward her.
Acted on impulse,
A moment's distraction can change the duel's outcome.
For the time being, yeah.
Over our own hearts.
It was just a phase. It's over.
Temporary setback. I got it.
And in their triumph die, like fire and powder,
One moment of deception.
Be cruel to be kind.
A momentary cessation of stupidity.
It isn't worth buying off
But in that moment of weakness, they lost everything.
Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning
Be rash sometimes my neck is on the line!
Nobody springs to mind.
It's just an infatuation. It's nothing.
It's a lot to hear.
I can’t believe I'm hearing them.
Stupidity?
That she's lost her reason.
Well, I didn’t know.
When you did what you did.
Confused? I'd say so!
Everything that's been goin 'on.
It has its moments.
Heat of the moment. Whatever.
Only temporary?
In a moment of colossal stupidity,
It's like a red mist or.
It's... It's hard to explain.
For a moment I couldn't remember.
Lost his head.
Complicated.
You sometimes say here, sometimes there.
It just slipped out of my mouth.
To learn English!
One lapse in concentration, one wrong judgment,
You cannot be blamed for being weak.
I believed them and went to gamble.
I still can’t pay you now.
Good in the moment, not so much in the long, tedious haul.
It's hard to say at this point.
Uh, not off the top of my head.
It's too soon to tell.
It was a mistake. I'm little, you cheat big.
With a thousand thoughts at once.
Everything was going wrong at the same time.
Once his first compositions began to be played around
Is going anywhere anytime soon.
For a while - but only briefly -
This is a lot to process.
For a while, almost every building that went up
Laughing and crying all at the same time, and you never want it to end.
And yet such power, that for one single moment
Whilst at one moment the bold hills
Unlock everything at once? Fast and efficient?
Can't think of any right now, but,
I think I was
We didn't have any other leads. I thought, what harm could it do?
And for a moment, it was like being back there in the dark again, just the two of us.
It's hard to accept so many questions, but sometimes.
In a moment all the world can change
They were just spraying bullets everywhere.
Flowers were now driving a huge increase in the diversity of life.
One. Time's up.
I got caught up in the moment, it was a rash decision, but I changed my mind.
Schreiber: the seven mercury astronauts become instant heroes
Suddenly it looked as if this historic building
At one time, then, the town must have been full of tanneries.
So all of a sudden, everyone in Charlestown
The boys here aren't used to the concepts you're bandying about.
A lot to take in.
Doesn't make much sense out of context.
I wasn't used to it at all.???
Elena: it's a lot, I know.
It's a little hard to explain, come on.
Creates quite a bond.
It felt right.
A brief fling... You're not alone in this.
We got carried away and had a few drinks
A momentary effusion of too much good cheer.
It's just infatuation, I suppose. I'm never there
Why are you armed, Quintus? Guards.
So dark, light, dark, light - this progression of space,
One Cylon sentrywalks the perimeter, stopping at regular intervals.
The credulity of all, the good will of some.
175$ a week due on Mondays.
$2,500 a week.
Honestly, two days a week.
One week. We polished off the last chunk two days ago.
$4 a week.
Five days a week for 50 weeks a year
Five dates a week, one fight a month.
Well, I get $900 a week, Wednesday half days, Sundays off,
A week and a crew - that's all I'm asking for.
Another week? Another month?
Go through one a week.
A week. Just a week.
A glass a week. - after my amnio,
Once a week. Once a month.
Once a week, we go over everything. We even do the ceiling.
Once, maybe twice a week.
Well, only once a week.
Seven days a week, and twice on Sunday.
That's 3 times a week
To the three days a week for just a little while.
Three inches a week.
Girl:
And then, at the end of the week, we all gonna make it to the top of the volcano!
One week without your lobster Mac and cheese
One more week and you'll be swimming like a F... F... F.
Ihis couples therapy two mornings a week.
Two a week,
Why don’t we start with two days a week?
Twice in one week! That's a world record.
Mid - week, take - a - deep - breath - and - pout look.
For one week. Mr. President!
In a week? - you want to sell something.
Via doxic and St. Mary's in less than a week. Coincidence?
A week ago. She wanted to talk.
It was a week ago when I went there with my friends.
Somebody left this file in our lab about a week ago.
Hit - and - run a week ago.
They were shipped out weeks ago.
Week later, they got a bill for half a million dollars.
She had his name tattooed on her ass after a week.
One week from today the president will launch a bold and far - reaching new markets initiative -
A week is OK, too. But you must find a safe place
I'm asking twenty a week. That will include your breakfast.
Two times a week.
Open five days a week.
Rosen: five times a week for 10 weeks.
Five hundred dollars a week, huh?
A week? Is that what he told you?
It was a week ago.
A week suffered, in this city a man was assassinated,
A week ago I found out I have a son.
I go in a week.
You'd be out of your mind inside a week begging me to come back.
One week, and you'll see I'm not crazy.
A week? Do you remember anything?
Have sex?
Within a week, Vadim identifies the territories
In a week, there'll be a probate hearing.
Half our appointments canceled this week.
I may be home in a week's time. I wish.
Within a week grenouiiie was well again.
Several times a week.
Just over a week ago.
A week ago, a week ago, tonight.
A week ago Saturday.
At least a fella a week comes into the store asking about you.
A week ago, maybe more.
A week ago. He was trailing two high rollers.
The week before, he wrote me a check for $20,000
You know, I mean, a week ago, he was my lovey, huggy little boy,
One week, he was happy and healthy, and the next week, he was autistic.
There was a double hommy on your block like a week ago.
Your brother filed an assault complaint against you just a week ago.
Almost a week ago. And she hasn't even responded.
There was a fight in your store about a week or so back.
I've had it packed for a week now.
Ran out weeks ago. I'm sorry.
Last week, most of us were strangers,
We buried my brother a week ago.
We come by here a week ago and they was waist - high in haya
12 stars began this competition one week ago.
You know, a week ago I would've fallen for that.
a week ago, I'd been in des Moines, buying a new dress.''
One week ago, I arranged to meet some associates at an airstrip in the desert
I killed her a week ago and I can’t remember what color top she was wearing.
I filled the prescription a week ago.
I left it at her place, a week ago.
I got home from school a week ago, and my mama told me she had quit.
A week ago, I didn't even know she was pregnant,
I saw you walking on the street with a girl a week ago.
A week ago. I know it, l know it.
My wife had a baby a week ago.
A week ago, I was happy, and to have it go this way, it baffles me.
A week ago, I couldn't move my toes.
Originally reported stolen a week ago.
A week ago tonight. Brenda.
I mean, only a week ago Narnians were extinct.
This bottle was full a week ago.
A week ago, that much light would have sent you right up the wall.
Week ago. What did you do with the recordings?
She teaches tin - eared teenagers at a music school a few days a week.
A week has seven days.
When we only had five homicides a week
And you only get two a week.
100 pounds would be gone in a week. Seriously?
We could do more business in an afternoon than we do in a week.
God! That's in a week!
And about a week later, he calls us back to the office
A week later, she got arrested.
The next week he sent me to boarding school
And about a week later he calls us back
You leave in a week.
In a week your skin will desiccate,
A week later, you're accused of molesting your son.
Hospital bill came back a week later
Turned up a week later at his home outside clarksburg, where he had a psychotic break.
A week later, she called me. She told me that.
She died a week later.
The campus is giving me an accommodation after a week.
It becomes wallpaper in a week.
He dropped out after a week, but that was it.
We open in a week, people. The set isn't finished.
A week later, cold came back.
A week later we got the news. She finally drunk herself.
A week later, our man caught up with him.
I'll be forgotten about I n a week.
I'll be back in a week! Hear me!
They'll be ready a week from Thursday.
In a week, people will vote on whether or not.
One week later, France and England declared war on Germany
A week, then.
After one week, the migrating herds
They didn't even list us overdue for a week.
Number of alcoholic beverages consumed per week?
There can be a thousand new people a week,
Hundreds a week she gets. Hundreds! For what?
That expires in one week.
80 - hour workweeks, corner office, secret candy drawer.
No more than a week!
A week or so. They'll find you.
More like a week. I'll be back. Sure.
It had been raining for about a week.
A week? I can’t stay here for a week!
A week ago I would have said that was likely.
There's a limit to how many nights a week I can eat clam Linguini.
A week! I have to be back in New York on Wednesday.
For a week, perhaps, but for the time being, time enough.
Than my father would in a year.
Just one week to regain your jobs,
A week would be a little much.
One week. At the most a week.
Does $6,000 a week straight rentals,
There are 7 days in a week, 24 hours in a day.
What do you mean? There are seven days in a week.
A week. A whole week to work things out.
Three, four nights a week.
I saw pasta once a week.
One week, in cash.
Runs out of their food supply for the week.
Uh, she had to go commando for a week. No underwear.
Called home twice a week.
One week we're figuring out which nightclub to go to.
I'm lucky if I get him for dinner three nights a week.
That's 5,000 head a week sometimes, sir.
I'm on fifteen Bob a week on the dole.
Three or four times a week and she's got boys on the side.
A book a week?
A week goes by, and the baby still hasn't produced a bowel movement.
A week from now, they'll have forgotten all about me,
So, a weird week or a month?
A week? Here you go, nice and quick.
Lucky me, twice in one week. You may not be getting that lucky.
Depressed investment bankers, paranoid housewives all week?
With that ball - buster.
I won’t see you for a whole week.
The thought of one star gets me nauseous.
One star, you get a bed and a toilet.
Denial is adorable for about ten minutes. Then it's just dumb.
It sure seemed that way last night. - I told you I was wrong.
One is not getting what one wants, the other is getting it.
Right. Right.
It's a three - day weekend.
Less hungry, for one, but also more intelligenter.
You stop looking for me, and you leave my son alone.
In a very happy menage a trois.
Finding birth control, for one thing.
To deliver the key and help us patch the flaw that allows it to work.
Either work for you
One, building a fuel PREBURNER for the space shuttle.
What is it? It's a crystal.
Or B they're found somewhere they said they weren't.
One is they extend their ability to extract resources out
One, that they didn't make all that much progress in that seventeen years,
One is the life - form would have had to be carbon - based like us, Michael Dennin, Ph.D.
That he's gonna be hanged at dawn one day next week, and that it'll be a surprise.
A, "he could kill you." B, "he could fire you and then kill you.
One, he won’t show up tomorrow, and you'll look like a fool in front of your crew.
'one, it stands on end and makes him look like toyah, two, nits love him.
The body of his teachings, the Dharma,
The day you buy it and the day you sell it.
One is your judgment as sergeant,
One is you can withdraw your challenge.
Either you take care of them outside
We can go to your home, but your brother is there
For one, the map of the temple you're looking at right now.
Your horses
By a Hovartian brain tick.
Or your friends with your
One is you asked a question and two is
Be a maid or elope with me.
One was a premature death like Alexander,
One, an ignominious death on the gallows like these poor fellows here.
First, l can let you cool your heels in the cells, -
First, I can let you cool your heels in the cells, -
First, I can let you cool your heels in the cells,
They need the paycheck
Either drive a stake through his heart,
Hey hey, either go get him, or we should head back to the car.
One is qualify.
How to shoulder roll out of a human pyramid, and the black arts of the Butler's escape.
One is sustainable sites, another is water efficiency
One is that scaffold. The other is in their custody.
It's the same prevision. Not quite.
The first designates to the community.
Do you? You seemed a little tense.
Am I? - I know what I feel.
I am? Yeah.
You fell in love with a girl you are helping,
A drink of pure water and the sight of sunlight on the countryside.
'one, it stands on end and makes him look like toyah. Two, nits love it.
One because you write letters.
One is because if you don't, he'll never leave you alone.
One, pigeons are smarter than you think. They hold grudges.
Or eat meals marinated in maggots.
Deceiving the girl you're going to marry about your homosexuality is one thing.
One on each handle of the bag,
We're interested in what's going to happen in these markets.
Smoke in the building
Spend the rest of his life in jail,
One would be the municipal privileges.
The first one was that the earth and the moon had just grown side by side,
Either they've gone through a nasty breakup with a man.
Either she was raped and strangled elsewhere and dumped here
One, the death of her beloved mistress
Because she was a woman
First, the pay phone number that she gave the temp agency.
One is she's perfectly capable on her own.
It's auspicious
Curiosity.
One: is how to cope with defeat. The other is how to handle a shotgun.
How to shoulder roll out of a human pyramid,
Gentle as a dove or destroyer.
Number one, if we don’t have a planet.
One: it was particularly decorative, very highly decorative, more so than the others.
The universe and man's stupidity.
The first is going spontaneously insane
Number one, the dorm.
The dorm, where you're at now.
One, the promise of average citizens.
One is the effect on human health over a long period, if we're eating the stuff,
One for the public - "where's the rest of me?" -
1 is small, 6 is large. Small or large?
One is Shaolin, the other is Wudan.
Or, move out at once
Or, he robbed and he is now in prison
The church, which belongs to God,
One thing as workers learn to strike,
Between imagining her out there somewhere.
One is I want to bring in re money than anyone on my team,
One is if the mass is zero, that's not surprising.
Or leave at once
One is we do not go prescribing experimental drugs
One, we can cut and run and betray the people that we made this commitment to,
Our intangibility of our nobleness of character.
And the day - to - day business of how that character is revealed.
One: that we do believe, on the second and third stories, there were statues; statues placed in the niches beneath the arches.
A - we stand here and try to kill each other,
Of a successful mission
0ne is at home
And one which we should pose to whoever was treating her.
I'm single. What else?
One is that curlycue thing I can do with my tongue.
I was to get to France, you were to get what's yours.
I had finished my masters, for one. And... No visa. No more visa.
Not only do I have no idea what I'm doing,
I either ran the plant into the ground through incompetence.
I need to bust me one more punk,
One is I want to bring in more money than anyone on my team,
One, I have a giant piece of beef jerky in my left front pocket.
Either I did murder fuller and I can’t remember, or I'm being framed.
Giselher is my brother by birth.
Either I improve that lovely hairdo,
One is that I want to know where the local epileptic activity is in the brain,
I had finished my master 's, for one.
One is that that entire community is exquisitely adapted.
You'd better call me... Or you're fucked one way or the other.
One of them is to leave you in the desert.
Pulling the red tags or blowing into the tubes.
Firstly, the offspring and descendants of Jesus;
Undercut our credibility
One is to raise your taxes.
One is to promote environmental quality.
One is the cheque's in the post.
To let someone he knew in, to go out for a smoke.
Or by intentionally killing a cell by having it express a fatal gene.
Introducing you to casual sex
It replaces expected utility
One of you is lying, both of you are whacko,
One is to wait for an opening and apply for it.
An underage drinking charge,
We could destroy this human and make safe this day.
Kill Vogel, and take the money away
Well, it's unbelievably rare,
You're somebody's father. His name is Sean!
Cotton and a polyester - lycra blend. Both dyed black.
There's the ALT - a.
One with their training suit on and the other without.
One is to never sweat the small things,
One is cancer, one is animals.
One is for leaks.
One is hot dog, the other is sausage bun.
You're really in love, or you're really sorry.
You can let me in now and I'll make it short and sweet
That's making babies, and saving the fucking day.
Taming a woman with power and riches
One is to hide the victim's identity.
First, to allow himself to be tortured.
Yes, uncle. Get up here immediately.
You, I do like it. Well.
Yes, Lara. You have to help him.
Electrodes measure EKG and REM sleep,
One: the evidence given by the woman who actually saw the murder committed.
One is rent a fabulous car,
One is empty. The one I'm getting is half full.
One is red.
One for red, two for orange, and so on.
To make it work or to get out.
One is jade channel.
The first is stamina. Run like crazy without getting tired.
Something for the body, something for the soul.
Or we can go up there and drag you down, and trust me,
Well, the medications you're on for one.
Either by making it express a protein that it's not making properly
One, you go back to prison for grand larceny and aggravated assault.
There's the engagement ring.
He sanctioned the Jesuit order, and he instituted the Council of Trent.
It's bringing people together in marriage and making $5,000.
As proof of life along with a ransom demand of $20 million.
Who would that be? - are you curious?
Who put you up to this? I didn't see his face.
One for louder, two for answer
We try and make a run for it, and they tear us to bits.
Choosing you and doubting me.
One is that Durham's builders had stockpiled a whole series
One is that there's four different colors and
One is this is very different from the prisoner's dilemma.
One, that the temple itself is very much a traditional building
You can track it, which means
First is expulsion.
One was the product that we wanted,
One, you pass through a dozen checkpoints
First of all, the girl on check stand 13 has passed away.
One, money, two.
For her money back.
One is that alibaug is too far out of the city.
One in music, the other in architecture.
Either I lock them up or you sit down
Either the caribou will make a mistake
That's black and that's dolphin.
In the first shock of the disaster
Somehow, after 15 years, you got her to marry you.
Before I knew it, years had gone by.
Seven years gone by in a flash
For the end of the road.
It'll flash by. Have fun.
Make us again count over ere love be done.
Before you know it, you're gonna be going to college,
And boom, a couple years go by, and here I am.
40 years of this, hey? Oh, here it comes.
How does 22 bucks a night sound?
29 bucks overnight.
$5,000 a night and up.
Rooms are 95 a night. Mind if I look at the registry?
Well, at $10,000 a night,
One nightmare a night is plenty, thanks.
One night, one boy... Took one girl... To prom.
You can have this one for $1.50 a night, or $7 by the week.
A pot of tea a night, just as you prescribed.
A night? 10,000 a night, mm.
At 14 shillings a night,
Two attacks on 3 victims in one night. This is the first time he's killed a male.
497 tonight.
Four in a night?
Seven birthdays in one night.
One night. I ask for one night out of the whole fucking year
A scene? A scene is perfect. That's great.
Once a night is enough.
One million dollars a night.
I'm feeling guilty about sleeping with your girlfriend twice in a night.
Five times in one night?
A night in. At the buy more.
And you can’t cork it for one night?
Isn't one night enough? We can both leave together.
Who's not gonna grow on two hours of sleep a night.
One night, two tops.
Two brothers in one night, eh?
Twice in one night?
Two stakeouts in one night.
Two in one night? You've gotta be kidding me.
She won’t spend a night in jail.
You can stay there for $50 a night.
They slapped this place up overnight.
Some nights he would even call her ten, 20 times.
All night long. He is your brother.
It's not enough for you that we're out singing and drinking with the go - go girls,
You're talking all night here.
You've been so quiet all night.
Two in one night?
And what do you mean by "it happened overnight"?
Well, too much all in one evening.
Which is really only about 20 minutes a night,
$500 a night working at cheetah 's.
Spent a night in jail. Yeah, we'll check that.
That I had been with two guys in one night
Four hours, an evening with her hologram! What's wrong with that?
And had spent the night watching television and catching fish food.
The whole family overnight is kind of a lot.
And how much Bitcoin did one night set you back?
Four women, one night?
I didn't slog round third - rate music halls doing three shows a night
I need more than one night to get her ready.
She wants a million dollars for the night.
No bloody sleep as it is, and when I finally bloody drift off,
That kind of money in one night.
He set up the whole site in 1 night. And he did it while he was drunk.
Is it even possible to move a whole house overnight?
I'd spend 2 grand a night for drinking.
I'm sure I can look after myself for one night.
I was with my dad the whole night.
I've been dying for one of these all night.
I spent the whole evening staring at you, wishing I had the courage to ask you.
I dreamed about the whole night just going through to the next round.
I dreamt I was on set all night.
I can’t sleep, so I'm usually up.
Five thousand kilograms of bombs on Germany in one night.
Silenced him once and for all.
Bailing you out of prison and dancing with you at prom in one night?
She sleeps 2 hours a night Max.
50 of them froze to death in one night.
More times a night?
Quiet overnight.
You didn't eat all night. You're gonna pass out. Just eat it.
At least that's something.
Didn't sleep a wink.
And he has not slept
Long night.
She's been up all night with a fever.
Dispelling two misconceptions about Scotsmen in one night.
Um, vital signs stable overnight.
Sold the company in one night?
One night of bravery
Whole night in the first - aid room.
Not bad for a night's work.
And we just get it all out in one night.
What happened in a span of a night that he changed his decision?
Without at least one thought about the passion.
Not bad for one night. That's a lot of money.
Can you do overnight?
Can you get it here overnight?
They ask 60usd for 1 night.
That's all it'll take. Maybe two.
You tossed a lot.
Last night up to 1000 women and girls were said to have been raped.
Like all night or.
With five fucking homicides in a single fucking night, people!
Wasn't that enough for one night?
And it - it was gone all night.
Even been alone all night.
Stayed up all night trying to win a progressive.
All night? Well, nah, there was this one honey, and she.
She suffered from diarrhea all night
Cause I am up all night teasing and pleasing Steven style,
Been here all night.
Been here all night. Absolutely.
And did you stay out all night?
Naked all night, he had pneumonia, too.
Hasn't been able to hit on a woman all night.
Spent a night in jail.
We're gonna have this freezing rain on and off all night.
Locked in his room all night? Lily, look at you.
He shot up an inch overnight.
She spent the night with the bullet.
Overnight, the room fills with natural gas,
Can you handle twice in a night?
Overnight, the metal content in her body dropped dramatically.
Not even for one night?
We need to get through one night.
Not one night, no. Healthy as a horse. Yay!
Five hundred a night?
Six times a night?
One and done.
It's too much to take 'in for one night.
Night after night, I listen to her
Night after night, the prey is knocked to the ground
Just one night give me just one night
About three times a night on a good night.
In my bed one night when you leaned over,
How much for the whole night?
Six or seven a night, like as not.
Then overnight, she just -
One night she's out with her ex-model posse.
One night, she just broke down.
Well, that's enough for one night. Let's hit the bricks.
Cashing out $9,900 a night.
Just one night, huh?
Five hundred feet over a valley we blasted the night before.
One night, when we were on the road,
One night? I don’t- I don’t know what that means.
One night we were at David Ferrie's home.
Until one night when we beat the living shit out of that twist.
One night, our foster dad got drunk and he beat him to death.
But I set out tonight to find out... Find out for sure.
I had dinner over there one night, and I excused myself.
One night, I caught him looking in the windows.
Until I ran into him the other night in a parking lot. Trust me, he was army.
I can crack a rib overnight.
One night, I read him a folk tale called the golem of Prague,
We met him one night and I told him I was a pretty good card counter.
One bad night and a couple of sunflower seeds, and he's got autonomic dysregulation?
Passing her evenings in silence.
One night is $117 and seven - and 13 cents.
One night is 117 $and 7... And 13 cents.
2 outcalls per night at a maximum of 25 days per month
That he didn't dream of her coming back to him.
You stayed up late at night
You been up all night?
Right, no food, no sleep and your arm in plaster.
Staying up all night, talking about your feelings and crying?
Been up all night, smells like a pub.
The whole night's on me - everything.
Dexter: a night off is good to remember what's important.
A different Broadway show every night.
Of my life. - really?
We met twice in one night. I just wanna say hi.
Just one night.
It's one evening. I'd like you to be there.
What difference is one night gonna make?
80 buck purse I missed out on tonight.
One night, the Viet Cong came for my teacher.
Her whole face just got swollen like this overnight.
Visit three brothels a night,
Every single evening.
Eat dinner fuck her, beat her
Scene individable, or poem unlimited.
The publicity killed the line.
One song. Anything will be great.
One - one song. No, no, no.
Song sung blue.
A dubious double act.
A nice.
You'll see clearly when the song comes to a stop
A four - part song "could be referencing the four bedposts.
One song? Okay, but quickly.
Preferably one with a really awesome musical number.
It's a little tune called
After they performed the tango, they ended up in the bottom three.
A never - ending symphony of villainy and infamy
One's about my ex - boyfriend - well, ex - ex-boyfriend.
One's about my cat.
The boy stopped before he got to the end.
Sing of gladness and cheer
Gladness and cheer, Christmas is here.
Doing an exciting and enticing
Uh, the song just ended. That mean you got to get going?
Bye! Bye.
I'll see you later then.
In January '17, was manech still alive?
On January 18th,
As of January 1. They have eight facilities on line.
January 23rd. That's today.
0:01, January 1, 1998?
Month - by - month, you can find someone else
Once a month, whether you feel like it or not, just to know it's still workin '.
Once a month, we meet to discuss how our actions as physicians contributed to the deaths.
Monthly juice cleanse. Does wonders for the skin.
A million a month can be leveraged.
January 3rd in valley stream, long island
We came to Tokyo on Jan .3
January 3rd,
14 calls to Rome in early January,
By the end of January, I was five months pregnant
Rain in January...?
January? I don’t think so. Shit.
January? I don’t think so - shit.
Shit, shit, shit.
Middle of January, we were going to see Eickemayer 'painting
In a month you will be very heavy.
And I get to let another killer go free this month.
January, maybe February. Two women, both stabbed the same day.
January twenty - second.
Twenty - sixth January, 1900 hours. Conditions holding.
January 26th, the train for Bretagne will set off at 18:15.
January 2nd.
January, February.
His visa expired as of January.
January, not February. - January 27th.
January. Somewhere in Asia.
Mark: January. Somewhere in Asia.
Don’t you think that's a little brisk for January?
I suppose, you had met somebody?
In January you went to see Irina for the first time. Why?
He was eight in January.
She wouldn’t poison you until January.
January on sable Island off the coast of Nova Scotia in North America
January if his tour doesn't get extended.
Will be starting in January.
Gazpacho in January?
Busted him for selling stolen medical supplies back in January.
The January cover fell through.
I don’t want to be finding any more bodies come January.
We met in January.
In January, no less?
January's issue of.
But we were in Montreal back in January.
What will you be taking in January?
In January, MS. Asako
January? Broke two fingers doing yoga. Yoga.
We'll post a six - figure loss in less than a month.
I have a bonus coming in January.
Playing six or seven days a week for a month.
Well, uh, the January issue is our ready - to - wear issue.
Early January to mid - February
The beginning of January. If that's what you saw, that 's.
We have record temperatures again in early January.
A month ago, I got this case, right?
January, the high Arctic,
January 13, uh,
January the 12th.
January eighteenth.
Month after month, year after year
Month after month he did it: five, six, seven, eight,
As the months pass, the males' relationship grows stronger
For as little as 19.95 a month,
That's what I do better than anyone in this town for 5,000 a month.
January and February,
04:22 pm January 4th. Expedition day twenty - one 38 days before sundown.
What happened the evening of January 4th?
January 4th.
January, higher still
January, baby. Garnet.
The January cover.
January is of course named for Janus, the patron and protector of endings and beginnings,
He will be released to L. A. in late January.
When dad was in traction until the end of January.
Classes begin in January?
January is of course named for Janus,
We will see you in January when we do it all over again.
January? - when I leave.
I will be 3,000 miles away in January. I mean, l can’t afford to fall in love.
Captain January will need all his people.
Back in January he talked to a group of reporters.
And then in January, David and I went to Prague.
It's January and night is twice as long as day
January also has a higher percentage of it being a girl.
One morning in January.
In Moscow... In January.
Back in January. I had a layover in Ecuador. Got really sick.
That day in January
The second week in January.
I can send you $100 a month.
Finally, January is a good time to examine one of the most famous open star clusters,
In January, snug in their dens,
Anything goes wrong, we call you. 
My mother always knew when something was wrong.
The first sign of trouble, we back out and we run.
Anything goes South, a hundred cops will be on you inside a minute.
First sign it goes bad,
Only a crime can sever that Union.
She wouldn’t waste her breath hurling insults if she didn't think they'd land.
From all the cock that's been stuffed up it.
There's a night watchman. - how nice.
And when I get some money,
Big brother always knows where you are when you got a cell phone.
Your skin have been so smooth because of love.
Once there are guns, swords will be of no use
He has his head run so far up his ass
Isn't that what you always do?
And we would go in.
They always run away from work.
When someone defies the Hasslichen,
I hid them under the bed
Every time someone sings,
I want to know the second any one tries to fill that prescription.
One, someone tampered with our genetic make up and two, technology.
You always run out the back when somebody knocks on the door?
For a knock on the door telling me there'd be no calls anymore.
No problem, boss.
For everyone that died, someone would come to take their place.
As soon as somebody can, I'll do it.
So it vibrates every someone gets executed.
In something wrong? No, I’ll ho right Bach.
Something goes wrong, you blame me.
Whenever you don 't get your way, you just freak out.
Fight and protect everything,
Something gets under his skin,
Call me as soon as you find something.
One stupid move and you're going back inside. 
Phone me when you get something.
And at the first sign of an answer,
If he makes any moves
Any time I heard anything about it, I would think of you.
You call me the second you hear from him. L will.
The minute you see him, you gonna let me know, right?
If you hear from him,
On his greasy fuckin 'head, you pick up the phone.
We need to be informed immediately of any corpse that matches that description.
And get back to me with any psychic leads,
And as soon as l know anything, l will tell you.
And a fax would come in, she'd get nervous.
Tell me when you get a signal. What are you doing?
I called you as soon as I heard the walkie call tone.
We'll keep you informed. Okay, okay.
Any excuse for champagne. - well, I guess you're right.
I can already feel my skin burning from the sun light pouring in.
She spontaneously ovulates when mounted by the male.
Whenever there is some news of cricket.
The babe with the power. What power?
At the first sign of crude behavior, you're to leave.
If he tries anything, don’t hesitate.
You call us at the first sign of anything.
If there's any action, you text me, I'll be right over.
And call us every time he saw someone move.
Anything happens, I'll hear about it.
If anybody moves we're in trouble.
We'll give you a call if we hear anything.
Call me as soon as you know more.
Any activity, I want to know ASAP.
If I get any hits off the face recog, I'll let you know.
The first sign of trouble, you fly to the woods!
But whenever there's some jeopardy, that's your go - to.
When it first appeared there might be trouble.
Um, the stress isn't helping.
I might freak under pressure.
I just drop off when I'm under... Stre.
I'm tired of being the poster boy for affirmative action around here.
We'll call you if we find anything.
When you found something to judge,
We'll radio back when we find something.
Let me know what you find out.
All right, call me back with something. Syd.
Call me first if you get anything.
Holler out if you've got eyes on him.
I'll get back to you as soon as I have something. Thanks.
Let me know if you find anything out,
We'll let you know as soon as find anything out.
As soon as we find out, we're gonna let you know.
We'll call you as soon as we learn anything.
When I have something, you'll be the first to know.
I'll let you know what he finds.
Call me if you find anything.
Call me as soon as you have something.
And I'll hunt you back when I have something.
You'll keep me posted on that, please.
We'll let you know if we find them.
They'll let us know if any gunshot wounds show up.
If something changes, the alarm goes off.
By anything, you mean... Anything.
Tell me if anything changes, okay?
And I'll call you if anything happens. I promise.
The first sign of treachery or cowardice, you'll be killed.
Keep Molly in public affairs
If there is anything suspicious, report it to me immediately!
Any suspicious activity immediately!
As soon as you have probable cause, give us a signal and get out of there. OK.
Anywhere he hits, we can be there in an hour. We get the call, we roll.
And call me the second you hear back.
I'll let you know when l get a response.
And at the first sign of trouble, you show them your ass?
When you fall? How often does this happen?
Having a little extra meat, taking it off, packing it on can make people root for you.
How many ones?
Please keep me posted if you get any information regarding her whereabouts.
You hear from her, you let me know.
If you hear from her, call me immediately!
Two steps forward, one step back. Can you freeze Chinese food?
First decent lead we got, and I got to put you on the bench.
Anything suspicious, I'll stream it to you.
Even mothers forgive when it comes to grandchildren.
You stopped wanting me the minute that I had those kids.
And settle down the moment you have children.
You know, you - you have a kid and you - you worry a lot about screwing 'em up.
And when there are feasts they hardly need our services.
They arrive within minutes of death,
First sign of the meltdown, China closed its borders.
As soon as there is a job needed you're in.
Something goes wrong your whole world comes crashing down.
Then we'll send you up as soon as we can.
They'll be married as soon as the beds become unoccupied.
Anything weird goes down, I'll take out the whole room.
Report any variances over two feet.
Whenever the Germans would come through,
And if something goes down,
Anything goes wrong, you run!
And you call me if anything happens.
Please keep me apprised on everything.
We'll let you know as soon as we know anything. - well, what's happening? Is he gonna be okay?
We'll keep you posted.
Anything happens, we'll be there like fucking gangbusters, OK?
If something happens, you will be the first to know.
I will come to you with any news.
If you see anything, contact me.
An alarm goes off anywhere in the complex,
Let me know if anything else comes up.
Call me immediately.
You call me first thing. We'll go over the details, and we'll get to work, okay?
He can’t be trusted with sensitive information on a surprise party,
Whenever we would disagree,
You would've gone to the doctor as soon as you felt it,
When a war starts, they'll collect one horse and two men per household.
As soon as an o. R. Opens up, I'll let you know.
Let me know
To let me know if Thomas contacts them.
They're gonna call me when they have something.
And keep me informed with what you learn.
The slightest lapse in connitration,
And I - I always ask new people
Abigail: I 'II call you as soon as I find anything else out.
Paul: there's always a problem when a new brand comes about.
And we'll try to give you updates throughout the day.
We'll call you as soon as we have any news.
Keeps me up to date on everything, okay?
And I'll update you as information comes in.
You call if you hear anything else.
Well, I want an update as soon as you have it.
Anytime there's an article, I get an e-mail.
We'll be sure to check in for any updates
We'll be sure to check in for any updates as they become available.
I'll let you know as soon as I get any news. Thank you.
I 'II keep you posted as the news comes in to me,
You'll be told the second we know more.
I just thought I'd keep you updated.
A courier will hand you the schematics once the wire transfer is confirmed.
Sometimes I wish - - what?
When I can.
He spends all his free time there
He would make flights as often as he could.
Whenever I can.
Whenever I could,
As much as I can.
And you... You come see me anytime, okay?
Every spare moment he has, he spends with them.
We had mad, insane, explosive sex almost every single time
I get a second, I'm gonna slice you up.
As soon as I have a minute, we'll talk.
I spent every moment I could outdoors.
If one wandered onto the property,
Once we have any updates, we'll be back to you live.
And I'll get back to you with an update. Thank you.
Always tell me when company's coming. Pins and needles all day long.
We do when never possible
He will uprise again in the first opportunity.
They'll fuck us the first chance they get.
They run away, first chance they get.
And what they'll do if they get their hands on her again.
And he's gonna murder liddil and Cummins if the chance ever comes.
And he will kill you if he gets the chance.
And he will kill you given the chance.
He'd kill me the first chance he got.
He goes out of town every time he gets the chance.
The opportunity presents itself. He takes advantage.
Every chance the guy gets, he takes me down a peg. Can't snap back at him?
He's always dashing off on his black stallion whenever he can.
What do you do at the first opportunity?
If you see an opening, take it.
Every chance you get, you're bad - mouthing this town.
You try to make out with me every chance you get.
And there will come a moment when you have a chance to show it.
You are gonna bust my balls every chance you get, aren't you?
Deflower him when chance comes
You cut us out the first chance you get.
Lit out first chance you got.
Just grab on to those jewels, and twist them like a garbage bag.
You plant a tree every time you get chance even though it is not an arbor day
I know you'll still arrest me if you get the chance.
Just as soon as I can get into the village.
She bolts every chance she gets.
First chance she got, she broke into that house and grabbed this.
Let you down at the first opportunity.
And burglarizing their underwear drawers when you got the chance.
Just about every chance we get.
You plant a tree every time you get chance even though it's not an arbor day
Seize the chance
And go boar hunting
First chance I get.
Tell me their life stories at the drop of a hat.
He held him up to ridicule whenever possible.
I'm going back first chance I get.
If you get the chance, take this guy out.
Who would kill me first chance they got.
Every chance that he gets?
Rough him up at every opportunity. Throw him off his game.
Taking relaxation and stimulation wherever we can find it.
When you get a chance, check and see if one of the rubber nubs
Who walk all over him any chance they get.
First chance you get, brush him off, meet me back here. Got it?
As soon as it is safe. Leave this place.
I'll call you when I have the chance. Kisses.
Says the man who'd certainly kill me if he had the chance.
No hesitation, all right.
Never missed a chance to do so.
And you're looking to transfer out as soon as you can.
Every chance you get!
Burning me every chance he gets.
One chance at getting famous and you forget all your principles
We'll help as soon as we can.
We were raiding it for tech whenever we could.
At the first chance we take to heels and try to find mum.
We should have killed Gretchen
First chance we get, we get out of here.
So he's out as soon as we can get him out.
I'll be sure to return the favor, first chance I get.
At the first opportunity, I have to - I have -
At the first opportunity, I 'll.
I'll call you just as soon as I get a chance.
And I'm going to tell her the first chance I get.
I'll come home whenever I can,
And when I get the chance, I'm gonna lock you up, and I don’t give a damn
And as soon as I can, I'm going to correct that.
I was going to leave first chance I got.
Indeed I do, when I get the chance.
I try to go see her every chance I get.
I'll come back as soon as I get a chance.
Given the first chance, I will kill you.
.. When I get the chance, I like to do something that 's.
I play every chance I get.
The second I can, I am out of this cesspool, but I need money.
When I get a chance, I 'ma tune this motherfucker up.
I will you call you the minute I get a chance, okay?
I'll send news when I can.
I'll get you a message as soon as I can. It's not gonna be that easy, okay?
Yeah, first chance I get, I'll - I'll show you myself.
I promise I'll become an official one day.
Next chance I got, I made a run for it.
I should've gotten rid of you when I had a chance.
Sprung out first chance I got, never looked back.
You best pull the ripcord while you still have a chance.
Any chance I get to hop on a computer.
Your life will pick up
You always vacuum when you have a really tough case.
If there was a weta anywhere close to me, I'd run screaming.
Get back to me as soon as you've got anything on Heller or Audrey.
If we get any information
When the team reports in,
They'll call when they know something.
I want updates as you get them.
The lab's getting us information as fast as we can follow up.
When I know something, you'll know something.
As soon as I know anything, I promise -
Keep me posted, Jack. Yes, Mr. President.
Call me when you get something.
Just let me know when you hear anything at all,
Call me if you hear anything.
Call me when you know
You call me if you hear anything, all right?
Call us as soon as you hear something.
And call me when you get something.
Call you when I know something.
As soon as you know anything.
Well, if you spot him, call me right away.
I'll keep you apprised.
I'll keep you posted.
I'll call you the minute we have something. We'll be waiting.
Get back to me as soon as you've got anything.
Keep us posted on your progress.
And call me if anything pops, okay? I've got to be somewhere.
Get back to me when you've got anything. All right, you got it.
We'll call you when... Save it, sister.
As soon as we get any information, we will release it to the public.
we'll try and keep you posted as best we can,
We'll call you when there's any news.
We'll let you know as soon as we know anything.
Well contact you as soon as we know something.
We will keep you apprised, madam president.
When I know something, you'll know something. Please, wait inside.
And as soon as we know anything, we will tell you. OK?
We should be able to catch him at met Gen.
We'll keep you posted, boss.
I'll have a comment when there's something to comment on.
Allison, I'll call you as soon as we know.
I promise, as soon as I hear something, I 'll, uh, give you an update.
I'll call you if I hear anything.
I'll let you know if I hear anything.
I'll let you know once it goes down.
Look, if I hear anything I'll contact you.
When they tell me, I'll tell you.
I'll call you if l hear anything.
I'll call you the minute we know something.
But I'll let you know when I get something.
I'll update you as soon as I have information. Please.
If something comes in, I'll get back to you.
I'll call as soon as I know anything. You do the same.
I'll call you as soon as I know what's going on.
When I know something, I'll give you a call, okay?
I'll call you as soon as I know something.
I'll call you as soon as I hear anything.
Now, I will call you
I will call you if I hear anything.
And I'll call you when I know something.
And I'll call you the second I know more.
And keep you posted.
I'll call you back as soon as I have more information.
So if it goes anywhere, you'll be the first to know, okay?
I will call you right after l get the news?
I'll let you know.
Keep me posted if you hear anything.
Call me as soon as you hear anything. Anything at all.
Just call me when you know something.
And call me when you get it.
Call me as soon as you have something. I will.
When you bring me a case involving kids.
There was a spark. That was the point of ignition.
Every time a train departs... Never noticed before.
And get up with any inspiration and shoot what he composed.
'when disaster strikes, anywhere in the world,
Any thought pops into their head, they call me.
If something goes wrong, that package has to go off.
Anything happens, honk the horn, you understand me?
Just call me if there's a problem, okay?
If anything occurs, the civilians will be rendered unconscious.
Pilate would get nervous when there were crowds of Jews
If there's a birthday party, I'm wearing a pointy hat.
When in doubt, stick to the tried and true.
A couple hours once I get to it.
And he'll call as soon as he can.
We'll do it soon, I promise.
As soon as l landed.
Come out to see her whenever I can.
All the sneaking out at all hours,
Just call me whenever you can.
I'll send letters whenever I can, but if you don’t hear from me, don’t be scared.
I'll call you the instant things let up. Okay.
When I get a break, I just need some open space.
I will be with you the second I can.
Case will move to trial at the first available date.
And if anything opens up, we'll come get you, okay?
He gives you the opening, you take him down, OK?
When we know, you'll know.
Do you know what they call a place that breaks the law every time there's an emergency?
Any luck? Can't find anybody.
Find anything, call me. You too.
They're gonna let me know as soon as they find something.
We'll call you as soon as we find out something else.
If I find anything, I'll let you know.
If you think you have a lead, you bring it to me immediately.
As soon as the match comes through,
They'll let us know soon as they get the results.
But your doctor will be calling you with the results
Please call me as soon as you know something.
Call me when you get a hit.
Let me know as soon as you get the results.
Let me know as soon as you get the results... Yes,
We'll let you know the results as soon as we can.
We'll call you from the hospital as soon as we hear anything.
And I'll give you a call as soon as we get some answers.
Soon as I get the results, um, you'll be the first to know.
I'll call you as soon as I get the results.
I'll let you know the second I hear.
I'll call you as soon as I know, OK?
I'll let you know when we have the results.
You should have called her right away, that's all.
Call me as soon as you get results. I don’t care what time it is.
When a pretty woman came by, I always had to watch you.
But when some sweet tail walks in, they forget all about that, right?
If we ever had dinner or anything, I make the plans.
And at the first sign of treachery.
I am to receive all correspondence
One, there's a potion that can make you shrink.
In case of alerts, we go to the high school for defence exercises.
Anybody got an LD? Anybody? Negative.
And pass on to them anything,
'at your first opportunity, turn left.'
Yeah, let me know if anything changes.
When you hear from Mike, you tell him to get his butt back here, okay?
I'll let you know as soon as I hear anything at all from Michael.
Beware get punished when campaign come
We'll keep you updated.
Let me know how it goes, okay?
On him and the car. I'll call you the minute
We'll make sure to keep you updated, okay?
If anything comes up, we'll definitely let you know.
But we'll keep you updated.
We'll be in touch if there's any new developments.
We're gonna call you as soon as we know anything about what happened to your husband.
And I'll let you know more as soon as I do.
I'll keep you posted with any developments.
To the media, so I'll keep you posted.
Get back to us as soon as you got anything.
And I'll surely let you know as soon as I make any progress.
These guys will go weapons hot at the first whisper of trouble.
I'll leave once I've the money.
And I'm going to do it with whatever cash comes my way.
Or disable the diggers inside the dock.
He'll let us know if there are any problems.
When there's a problem you only know how to disappear.
I would go to him for any problem and he would ha
Do you know what it feels like to have to keep running back
Stop at the first sign of trouble.
And jury find on speed dial.
Anything goes wrong, we scatter and regroup.
Call me once you get any news from Herman, understand?
You turn to potatoes in times of need.
Nurses'll be right here if you need them. Are you okay?
I will dance when there is music,
If we spook them, they'll just take her and run.
First sign of trouble, you're just going to cut and run.
Tells him every single move the cops make.
Do you get called in on crashes?
When the fighting starts, we hide in the caves.
He was gonna kill you the moment things got tough, anyway.
First sign of trouble, you back off.
That will call you if there's trouble.
Any sign of trouble, alert the bodyguard and hang back.
Call for help if trouble comes your way
Any trouble, I can help get her out.
When the shit hits the fan, I'll get covered with it.
First sign of trouble, I'll leave.
We have to be able to move in at the first sign of trouble.
Call me when you have any news from Yellowstone.
It's a message on my phone from a friend.
From a friend.
A - a potion, as it were - called the tears of RA.
A dose. A good one.
A powerful laxative.
It just goes on and on.
Pastures of red grass,
The open road, the dusty highway.
Nothing can be seen for miles. We pan left.
Miles.
There is some comfort in the emptiness of the sea.
The weather outside is weather
Land of lush forests, spectacular waterfalls,
In the comparatively empty expanses of the open ocean
As far as the eye could see.
Immense rivers of moving ice
Immense rivers of moving ice, laden with rock,
Drainage canals and wheat fields
A far extending, rich and unresisted prospect.
Nothing but blue skies
Big blue oceans, fluffy white clouds.
The infinite sweep of Siberia.
From your eyes,
Once an addict, always an addict.
Everybody's cracking wise.
Once an animal, always an animal.
'cause once a shiner, always a shiner.
Once you're wearing these,
One day you're on top of the heap and the next, done for GD.
Once a hero, always a hero.
Once a dirty cop, always a dirty cop, right?
That's forever.
Once a gangster, forever a gangster. And you're leading these clowns?
Once a bottom feeder, always a bottom feeder.
Once a man - whore, always a man - whore, right?
With a new king come new followers
A new emperor, a new set of courtiers! Right?
Lost their confidence, and immediately started sucking.
She'll sting you one day. Oh, ever so gently, so you hardly even feel it. Till you fall dead.
Once big oil, always big oil, man.
Once a traitor, always a traitor.
Time and tide waits for no beauty
Once a whore, always a whore, huh?
Once a loser, always a loser.
Once a marine, always a marine. You 'R very strong
Once a criminal,
Once a snake.
Once a liar, always a liar.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
You give a guy a badge and suddenly gets
Drugs are a slippery slope, in case you didn't know that.
He climbed the mountain top
The fall whereof your friends may well bemoan.
Once a conman, always a conman.
Anybody can hate humanity after getting shot.
Bullet point version?
Once bitten.
Well, once burned.
Once bitten, twice shy.
Once gun - shy, always gun - shy.
Once bitten, twice shy. Is that it?
Dabbled once, lost heavily. Vowed never again.
I just don’t wanna do that
Must have been bit when young,
Once bitten, Manny, once bitten.
I've seen you naked, so everything you're doing, I'm watching you do it naked.
Forsake any thoughts of freedom
Once they have the money and spend it,
$100 for each draw, total $300.
A profile on the NOPD
An Italian medical journal wrote up a woman with cervical cancer
Many looks of Julia Mallory piece.
Phase - one trials suggest clenbuterol
An open broadcast?
An untrusted server, and if I amortized the verifiable computation.
Well, I've got a U.S. News & world report from '07 and a highlights magazine.
A Bible with underlined passages. Hmm.
And earn you so much.
Every single one of them, and I - I know.
A book written about you guys.It sounds exciting.
Oh, it's an ancient book of Chinese divination.
Well, none of them. I mean, we're fully loaded up.
None of them? Nope.
In a Manila envelope under a book,
A book? No, something much better.
Five core elements of life that once inspired a book.
A book? Something.
A book, maybe?
A book jumped off my shelf and begged you to invade my privacy?
And I did not want to make that speech.
You want the book in a month? We already have a first draft.
A book? Oh, come on. Don’t give me that look.
A book? The witch stole it from Lord Rahl
How's a book supposed to help?
A book? - that's right.
A book. Precisely.
You know, a book is a complicated system.
A book made him cry!
A book? - something.
How could a book cut through the muscle tissue and sever a major artery?
A book! Why, this is history.
You never really know what a book is about until you get to page 50.
One book - our mutual friend.
A book. I'm trying to write a book.
A book... A book I wanted to show you.
You know who's gonna do what in a book or a movie even at the beginning, yes?
In a book or possibly a journal.
A book, uh? Eat everything Tito, eh?
A book fell, the computer turned on, and I saw it.
A book? All of this over a damn book.
A book that beat up has got to be flipped through
A book? Yeah.
A book? No.
A book? Yes.
One book: Swedish - made penis enlarger pumps and me.
The size of a book?
It's a book! Of sermons.
It's just a book.
A book. Probably a lot more planning
A book depicting the story of Guillaume
For Jesse Mandalay tucked inside one of his books.
A book? Operation birdsong.
Really amazing book. I - impeccably researched.
A used textbook?
A book by Henry Letham or on Henry Letham?
a prestigious men's magazine.
A book that everybody would own.
Some book everyone's raving about.
A book of human skin.
A book that was never published, so I believe that
This little eight - page porno comic they did in the '30s and' 40s.
The little prince? - that's a great book.
A biography would stimulate interest in Jules' work,
A book sends the wrong message. What are you talking about?
A book that all of you women worked on.
It's a book that your student chundeuk wrote
A scrapbook of your life.
A copy of your best - selling cookbook,
It's a kids' book. French orphan.
A holo - diary cataloging the nefarious deeds of this Council.
The damage a silly little book can do
An 8th - century prayer book.
Some ladies' magazine from the eighties.
It's the company's little black book.
A complete record of his search for the holy Grail.
Best - selling novel about his African ancestors in slavery,
A book on elements.
A book about, you know, giving birth, with pictures.
A book about Harvey milk.
A pamphlet on international law. Very funny.
It's a book about my life as an escort.
A book about nuclear radiation creating a giant wasp.
Tibetan book of the dead.
It's a book on cars.
It's a famous book about relationships and communication between the sexes.
A book of mysticism written by some dead philosopher.
A novel about man's fate in the empty universe.
A book on native American artifacts that I remember you used to have.
An ancient book of legends.
About a technicality in the arrest.
A comprehensive study on the flea.
A book written about you guys. It sounds exciting.
There's something I can use,
Was a definition in an Agronomy book.
By stuffing itmmm, behind a surfing magazine.
An encyclopedia of every one of the genes that make us who we are.
A fabulous book with no home.
That self-help book the power of me.
A big book.
A signed copy of an unpulped knuckle sandwich?
Of this thing called the divine principle.
Something big and fat and expensive with,
The most widely circulated and highly respected men's magazine. 
Perfectly detailed manual.
It says in the old book, “he that honors me”,
A Gutenberg Bible.
A book that was meant for his nose only.
About a little something called the Kama Sutra.
To a booklet entitled “cartoon and model parade”,
That book called “leaves of grass”?
One that will take you on a transcendent journey
It's a Qu 'ran.
It's a book of spells and enchantments.
A book on spiritualism.
And a national news magazine decided not to print the story,
A Bible?
A version of your holy Bible that can end that dispute forever.
A pre-Renaissance Bible stolen from a church in Brooklyn.
Written sometime between the fifth and second century ad,
What may be the most blood - soak ed book in human history.
What may be the most blood - soak ed book in human history.
Oh, it's a big book, isn't it? Yeah, she reads a bunch.
A Catholic Bible?
A manuscript for a novel she started
A gem.
A good book, great film, a birthday card, I weep.
A good book, great film, a birthday card, I weep.
A book worth hundreds of dollars?
What does a children's book have to do with anything?
There's a packet.
Some good old - fashioned homemade porn!
Lt is a pamphlet, ma 'am.
This is a little coupon book.
A novel,
A novel, maybe some plays, maybe not even comedy.
Listen, a work of fiction came across my desk.
A novel. Wow.
A work of fiction, was it?
A novel, yes.
That alone is worth, like - I just need the money.
There's a scene in an old Balzac novel called - all Balzac
A book in Greek was hidden behind one of my jars.
A ledger?
A novel that takes up a number of different questions.
A big one, fell down.
An increbly popular and very expensive math journal?
An interesting book.
A really confusing Czechoslovakian novel.
One book, 13 fucking times.
A swingers magazine? Are you kidding?
A very emotional book.
'a touching book.'
An open book.
One passport. Expired.
And one for reading.
A biography of Napoleon, and a biography of queen Christina.
A book that has changed history.
A storybook? You call this a present?
Okay. A textbook, grade 11, junction high, no name.
A new book. Boring people in the perfect town?
Mention is a very new novel. And I'm taking a risk in this
A travel book? How dare you even dream of leaving?.
The log book.
A journal.
It's a diary.
An old journal?
Just an old magazine.
An old Harley manual, hard to find.
At Meade publications,
What a fashion magazine is supposed to look like.
One was his version, my life in baseball.
It's a book about Japan.
A valid passport?
It's a friend's book. A book of poems.
An unfinished novel
A magazine?
A magazine must have.
A journal that... What kind?
A magazine is old in a week. A comic book.
A magazine. Really? It's the fiction issue.
A magazine must be like a human being.
Straight, up standin ', cheap - ass whiskey - drinkin' motherfucker!
Long conversation with her.
The skirt - wearing days do not last forever.
All holier than thou, talking about how bad an aunt I was,
A manual of arms.
What is the use of a book without pictures?
What's the use of a book without pictures?
A walking encyclopedia. What did he say?
A thinly disguised tell - all to show the world what kind of horrible mother I am!
A book to relax you,
It's an indecent book.
A ledger with a dark red cover.
A beautiful hard - cover book. And he throws it in my face.
It's a comic book.
What makes a comic valuable?
A comic book? Yeah.
Graphic novel.
You got carried away by a comic book?
Dog fancy, please.
Own translations of the Sumerian texts in a series of books
A movie magazine,
And the yellow pages, and stuff is gonna happen.
Doorways open in one copy and bricked up in the other.
A collection of oral histories passed down through the ages.
A real book.
How does a stupid book get my wife killed?
What the hell is so important about a crappy notebook?
A book of wonders, containing the secret history of the world? Please!
A notebook magically placed beneath your mattress.
This beautiful book of memories
A hardbound collection of all the life lessons I've learned, such as.
This is a copy of “the new Yorker”.
This is a copy of “the new Yorker”. Thank you,
Classic kind of novel.
Child support payments for a kid nobody knows about?
One for him, one for Boris. What did you do with them?
An out - of - print family Bible.
A Victorian classic which contains pretty well everything you need to know
A beautiful, hand - tooled, Persian leather - bound photo album.
It's an old savings passbook.
Fucking dirty books
Another book to make him even more famous.
An autobiography.
A porn mag?
An English passport isn't enough for me.
A menu. Piece of paper, list of food offered.
There's a manuscript stashed away.
Found a copy in Spanish, a copy in English.
Now, a training manual.
An appointment book.
One for waking Dave and one for dreaming Dave. You see, REM sleep.
A journal that lays down each family line.
One on nutrition. The other exercise.
For profiles in courage,
Of a very prestigious book.
It's a dictionary?
A book of poems?
Taken by the fourth kind, a book on alien abductions.
A manual!
Tony: it's a ledger.
It was written in the time before remembering.
All of 'em.
Book with fine printing, not many pictures.
A coffee table book about coffee tables.
Yeah, a very engaging book.
Mediocre book to finish.
A very influential book.
A very interesting book.
An excellent book about the guy, artist.
Of a top - shelf magazine.
A bird guide - any clues as about who he might be?
A little black book containing the name of the client that beat up Bree Daniel.
Grows from out of the desperate crags.
And then a cloud came upon the moon
And a cloud received him out of their sight.
One for every week you took care of me.
A bright red rose in the massive oil spill of life.
It's a whole new flower.
An orchid will make my mom feel special.
A violet in the youth of primy nature.
You know, a cloud that remembers the shape of your ass.
A sunflower.
Where a sunflower grew proud and tall from the ground.
A gentle opening of a flower?
One right here
Made of something unique.
A little flower.
It's such a wee flower!
A Camellia fell.
A huge black cloud rises above it, and magically,
A crimson rose has thorns
A dried flower.
A dried chrysanthemum.
The bud of a new relationship popping through the frosty ground.
A flawless blossom, a diamond in the rough.
Got a Japanese dream boy living in my eyeball
A deep, dark flower
I see the periwinkles bloom
The periwinkles bloom so tender.
To weave dots
A rose, a red rose.
One rose is too lonely,
A rose, plucked before its time.
Amongst them.
A Lily.
The violet smells to him as it doth to me
It became a, uh, gorgeous orchid.
A pretty little Rosebud.
Like a chubby, damaged flower who hates himself.
One of Mrs. Kent's beautiful irises. For a beautiful lady.
An orchid that can make the sweating sickness come and go?
A flower? You're at home depot, and you buy a flower?
A flower? Is it as beautiful as the stars in the sky?
A flower. I made it.
A certain flower or a whiff of smoke can bring up experiences long forgotten.
A flower engendered gradually. It's no in the open air.
A flower, em? Look at this.
It's a lotus.
A chrysanthemum.
A dandelion was blooming
A mushroom cloud, the whole deal.
A mushroom grows with umbelliferous peduncles.
One winsome tulip.
A wild flower and a wallflower.
And a heaven in a wild flower.
A tramp rose grown in a station yard.
A yellow rose says all of that?
Kill him. No.
Kill me. Leo. Let go of the gun.
Then we'd be at war with the Huns, just what we're trying to avoid.
Love at first suicide.
It's a hole in one!
A hole in one, huh?
Hit a hold - in - one, win a boat.
Okay, so strike one.
Hole in one, sir.
A hole in one? Could it be?
Bomb it down the fairway, bitches! That's right.
And it's a hole in one. That is hilarious.
Here you go, ace... I mean... What is your real name?
And he spends $250 on a brand - new mossberg?
One gun, lone shooter - fits a spree profile.
Hole - in - one.
Hole - in - one. People.
A hole in one? Would it be?
Hole in one! Deuce.
He just hit a hole in one! Hot dang!
A nail gun is better.
A harpoon gun?
Leo crow? Who the hell are you?
One bouquet? One hyer - whatsit.
When a solar flare from a nearby star
A bolt of energy unlike anything you could possibly comprehend
You can time travel on a beam of light.
A flash of light or smoke or something.
A beam of light came down,
A ray of light illuminates a special way the sidewalk.
An orchid.
Through the refraction and convergence of light.
A control laser hitting the two clouds.
Horrible pink stripe in her hair.
A sun dagger shoots down through
A great light has gone out in the universe.
A shrink, ray? Oh, that's a genius' plan for stealing a monster.
by bar - light
Steel girders, steel beams. Astonishing.
Rope of flaxen hair.
A laser dismantles the molecular structure.
Lights would shine in the back.
A burst of light heads toward the peak
And then a beam of light,
A blinding beam of energy surging for trillions of miles.
You think a dozen roses and a card saying, “best wishes” quaiifies as a grand gesture?
That connects the two hemispheres.
A braid. OK.
A bunch of nerves controls the tempo of the heart.
A sudden and dramatic cooling beam.
As a flash of red streaks down
A ray of... Pure energy two terajoules.
A spotlight illuminates a well - worn easy chair, center stage.
One flower is enough.
A pocket of sunlight.
Allowing a beam of sunlight to fall on the opposite wall, and then he intercepted the sunbeam with a prism.
A twelve - foot or even a six - foot fish
This is a 13 - foot Xiphactinus.
That's 150 yen a piece
15 grand a fish. Yeah.
A long 2,260 feet of track through a simulated race course,
A 2ft - long slimy river monster couldn't be better.
A 35 - inch northern pike.
A $4 tie, and a west Baltimore accent.
A 50 - foot shark.
It's a five - inch piece of tanned putrescibl animal raw hide.
$6. Each.
A 70 - foot boat? It's up to 80, actually.
A thousand - foot water slide ending in a swim - up counter
Strip by strip.
The metal is like a ruler, we put it one after another.
It would take weeks for us to check every single one of them.
A... A dirt road?
One after the other, when one accidentally came in.
Like the bracelet that you gave her?
It's a thong. It was in your closet.
A drainage pipe?- yeah.
Sinking ship.
A downed dragon is a dead dragon.
And it lies upon a different path.
That don’t get spoke.
It became an unwritten law
A shaky timeline,
What do you do with a guard dog you can’t trust?
One's missing.
One continuous line knotted together, unbroken.
An anonymous source close to the congressman
A dirty great snake.
A new cosmetic line designed to bring out.
A cosmetic line designed with every woman's beauty in mind.
A proprietary line?
A master cable of unique design and purpose.
A ship provisioned for a journey.
It's a little side road for trucks in trouble.
Main street. Do you know it? - no.
Worm. Bookworm probably.
One frilly lace cravat.
Two cases solved for the price of one.
A merman! Ha!
A what? - shh!
A line from one end of the railway system to the other - Derry to Kerry 
A new pair of hip huggers from the style shack: $65.
It's the road from lint to croese
A funny line coming out of the top.
A law he is not above,
A lead he couldn't follow during work hours without blowing his cover?
Wrong fuckin 'alley, huh?
A way to save him from himself.
One. What's that mean?
A disgusting worm! Oh, that's horrible!
Situation so devastating
... A way to escape my gloom.
A way to escape my gloom. Okay. Go.
One shown in blue here,
The other shown black.
A dragon who will be there for you no matter what,
A river of chocolate love that melts in your mouth.
A talking towel? That doesn't make any sense.
A whale of a tale.
For how much better you're going to feel.
A 5m long shark that lives in tropical currents.
One that I know you hold dear, if not sacrosanct.
A bowling alley, on fire, and a cat tragically stuck up on the roof.
There's not even a message.
A message. What they were trying to reclaim.
It's a message. It's a piece of scripture.
A message. Yes. And a rather ingenious one.
One message. Message one.
It's an old goat path.
A path fraught with danger
A pillar of light.
A cramloli fish.
It's a rabbit's foot.
A $84 fish.
The highway!
A road ran through, but there were only a few businesses.
A six - headed sea serpent was spotted.
One runway. Public use. Five takeoffs a day.
A unique clue to their lives was uncovered in Nebraska.
A prophecy describing the coming of the Messiah.
Of some type of a blueprint?
A clue to the location of the hidden immunity idol.
A more popular pair of hip huggers from Nell's clothes closet:
A pair of undies?
One pair of undies.
Two undies for a pair of underwear.
One pair of underpants, white with blue waistband.
Is useful to us
One that says all stalkers this way.
The life of one peasant for the future of God's nation.
A dead, cold catfish with slimy lips.
An escape.
A way out, one option.
I saw a way out,
I saw a way out, and I took it.
An enigma that led Leonardo to a tireless search.
The colonnaded street.
Toward a freshly paved pothole rather than away from one
One that no one else will use.
Iron chain etched with a spell word.
Leading to a restricted area.
An artery's been pressing against
An artery's been pressing against the temporal lobe of his brain, right above the ear canal.
An Arctic fish. How about char?
One very interesting piece of information.
Hung on a buoy in shark's cove.
A barge to Cuba, and a small, dirty canoe to Miami.
A way to earth.
I'm in a long, dark tunnel.
A small dark tunnel and I have no idea where it goes.
In one friendship flight.
A well - trained German shepherd can run nearly 30 miles an hour,
One Gucci dress, one leopard print belt, three bras, five pairsof ladies' underwear, hmm.
An old Russian proverb says:
A tired fish that thinks you're gay.
A path leading only to disaster,
A shallow river only for me?
On the path unwinding
A village in England called Studley constable
One with less bloodshed, specifically yours.
A terrifying red dragon.
A reliable source.
A garter belt? Uh - huh.
A terrifying snake.
I won’t ever forget what one life is worth.
I mean, it would be hard to reimburse me for my life.
How to value a man's life?
My life is no big deal at all
$10 a life.
A life packed up and inventoried.
Okay? One life for 20.
One life to save billions
Haven’t burned through half of 'em yet. Oh, right. Well, uh.
A horizon just as alluring as the one beyond the valley.
A rattle snake bit it in the throat.
A rattlesnake can survive here on only a dozen or so meals in a year.
A rattlesnake struck a guest?
On one of the silk road passes, high in the Feorre mountains.
And an unapologetic media hound.
Strip Oh! Thank you
A way back to life.
A scarf?
A scarf, earrings, a silk blouse?
And all around there is a brightly painted corridor.
Behind the old hotel continental.
A St Bernard dog has come to save me.
A big St Bernard is coming to save you, guided by his sense of smell.
Priest dog.
A serpent circling the globe.
A communion dress.
First one came in five days ago.
A shark in her natural habitat.
Here, at the posterior extremity of rib number ten,
This one here 
An underground monorail.
A midocean ridge.
On Martindale road.
Piece of shit. Don’t even die good.
One strip of bacon,
A gay fish! There!
The harbor, once fortified with a wall and two gates, is now an easy - going marina.
A ditch with a rampart would work.
It's a spell to duplicate money.
One. Domingos was killed by the lady of the house.
A large bath towel.
A massive gator appears out of nowhere.
Here's a big one.
A great drain!
It's a big story and we get to control it.
A big river passes through my house
Where there is no crossing a big river, no fords, no shallows,
A big dog is chasing you
A great white attacked a surfer.
A - a great ship?
A raft! I want the divorce.
Giant snake! Above you!
A huge snakehead fish.
A branch of the great rift curves between Tanzania and the Congo.
A big road
A big road passes through your house
A big road passes through my house
A road or a trail or something.
A big fish.
A big one! It's frozen!
Fish. Who knew?
Big fish. Spike and slippery.
A nice tuna and three giant sea bream.
A larger shark could have taken all of him.
It's this weird text I got.
A woman's belt?
A woven leather bracelet... The roommate identified as the male victim 's.
One! well, she。
Great story.
On a positive note.
A slice of veal weighing 2 1/2 kilo grammes costs 142 francs.
A slice of veal weighing 2 1/2 kilograms costs 142 francs.
A cop ate it!
An elasticated maternity Jean.
Near the edge of the Sunderbans
A lonely alley.
A long corridor that students can use
An Andalusian river
A completely different peptide chain.
A completely separate and different timeline.
A totally platonic one 
An unbroken one?
A whole life never lived.
An unbroken line!
An official, very, very specific rule,
An ocean liner? Where did that come from?
A thick band of white bacteria had formed
One says to the other,
It could mean nothing that a route is blocked,
A major pipeline of girls being smuggled into this country,
And one small life isn't worth
A smaller shark goes after the young female.
A little Italian Neckwear isn't gonna distract me.
in a tiny little boat
a fish that has a secret wish
Was found in an alley.
A path leads to the East.
A violin string.
A baby sailfish
Little stream running through it.
You know, even a small dog, 'cause l thought,
Puppy dog's tails
How dare a little dog tease me?
A little dog runs to it. The dog loves Schumann.
If one tiny wire is out of place, then it's not going to work.
It's a twig.
A rowboat! Yes.
An improbable sort of barque, I grant you, but at least it floats.
A small lizard has to bask first
And they attacked us in an alley.
Seems to me there's a road, a cow road, that used to lead all the way.
A small path also passes through my house
A buzz.
Like l said, a small fish. Working for a Mr. Largo.
A little roach!
A little smelt.
A young dragon.
One of dust and the other of gas.
One would feed a family for a month.
Actually, we only want one.
The one is the obvious, and the natural,
A mountain range separates the Amazon
Food and water from one valley will carry a different strontium signature than food from elsewhere.
A brand - new pair of size - 6 jeans because she couldn't get in the ones I got her last summer?
A new road.
With a four - car pile - up in the left lane.
A huge glacier stretched across Britain.
Where one massive tributary, the Rio Negro, flows into the main river.
A giant whirling arm,
A gigantic hound.
A giant snake?
Whole mechanical thing that was a big, huge snake that kind of rears up and
Connected to the ocean by an immense canal
A big dragon with flaming wings!
You have one saved message.
A strap. Buckle.
How is the belt going to make you feel secure?
A ship with his future on it.
A line that carries the knowledge to get life from the forest.
A wire there will get us the drugs.
A juvenile great white, one of the world's rarest sharks.
Your discarded leg achieving more success than the rest of your body?
Which span the peaceful lands
My father ever gave me.
One piece of advice?
An open staircase winds its way around it
A big fish driving a bus.
A winding, narrow path
A curved notch, maybe from a small pin?
A rainbow.
A fine, wet river.
That mean - ass looking pit bull
A big old Rottweiler.
A very big fish.
Hook a good - sized trout about an hour ago.
A huge Yellowstone cutthroat trout.
A fine line, maybe.
A nice route. Along the Rhine to lake Constance, and then to Italy.
In your case, and I was wondering
One very plain, the other horrible.
There's a big line.
A dog's obeyed in office.
A German shepherd jumped off.
Oh, one heart. You like that.
Can a super fast fish ever set a fishing reel a blames?
Yeah, well, a sexy dress is not going to kill you,
One sexy teacher dress coming up.
A thermal blanket, meanwhile, shields your body from heat sensors.
Into the northern and the southern hemisphere.
Uh, one ItaIian sausage.
Sensational story.
There has to be a line we can’t cross.
One that we all must take.
With one, I'd have her stay at my place.
Which I'll be able to control,
A text message from this guy I'm dating.
A road I've been on.
One, and I'm sweet - talking a second.
The one I don’t want to see you anywhere near.
A front as well?
The battle lines had been drawn, and someone.
On the same side? You assaulted a federal agent.
A snot - rag?
Arm's missing.
An anonymous tip to the action news crime line
A snapped twig gives away the cobra's position.
A moat!
A moat. I wonder what lives here.
A ship with black sails.
Laid out and salted one by one
A shortcut?
A shortcut that was.
The shortcut.
A shortcut... And a shorter shortcut!
A shortcut - we use it all the time:
To pick off one fish after another.
Bodies kept stacking up, and I started
All along the anterior surface of the bones.
There won’t be any charges.
I can only use 140 characters.
A tire iron,
A tributary of a tributary of a tributary of a tributary.
On a particular story, a political or business issue,
You have a street of the dead that goes for miles,
That is a completely cleared path,
A broken neck.
Afraid that no one would ever take him seriously.
A Springer spaniel.
A new message.
One new message. Message one: today at 10.05 am.
1 new message: emeraldarcher1
A new road had brought the outside world to spectre.
A new road, new partnerships, new opportunities. Change!
A new path, which brings us to today - March 15th -
Message one.
I've got a new tunnel. So?
A new way out of here.
A new big fish just emerged.
A new video message
And a new necklace! And rings!
A new tie would be nice.
A mistimed strike by one sailfish could fatally damage another.
Filled with the unending singular pursuit of more.
One endless ass - to - mouth human centipede of government and business
A road... That goes on and on.
Plain old towel.
One torn pair of jeans.
The softly faded essential blue.
They're just an old pair of pants. Oh.
One old ship and half a hundred men.
What was a rusty old chain compared to a human life?
One is an exit off the 95. 
One is... Jump down from here
Well, one, he'll only make the exchange with me.
One is to never sweat the small things, and two is that everything is a small thing.
One set going forward.
He can come in for protection, or he can hope
One of the leads is hot and the other two are decoys!
A new one which was paved and an older one that wasn't.
The other is to fight with me
One where they clean the inside, and an express
There's one in route
One is a power feed from the emergency backup battery.
One is over the roof, but that's kind of risky.
One set typical of hanging,
One is evil, the other is good.
An ordinary dog and an ingenious criminal.
It's nothing more than an ordinary dog.
I can only do 140 characters at a time.
With a breaking news update
That reaches clear across the universe.
A crescent - shaped scar.
There's an arcade.
A ranch road with a striped line?
A ship with a good captain.
One silver medallion with male symbol.
A long line with baited hooks on it,
A thermal river fed by warm water from Yellowstone's geysers
One unheard message.
It's a text. Doesn't say who from.
It's a robot arm.
Honestly, a mutt?
10 rupees for a single band, 20 for two.
A lot of bodies piling up just to cover up what you did.
Ooh, what are these?
Endless rows of crowded streets.
Horse - way and foot - path.
I got a terrific piece of advice
On a beautiful tree - lined street in Granada hills.
A plaid skirt.
A 1.5 - mile - long metro line into the city center.
If we don’t want him to bleed out.
Off he goes - a dragon on the prowl.
A body fell from the sky!
Of all dead fish. yeah.
A dead dog.
A dead dog? Excellent.
A dead end. What do you mean?
A dead end, yes, Mr. Wall.
One way to die.
Wasn't even that good - looking. Real dead fish, right?
Wi a little mean streets,
A snake, am l?
A snake? Yeah. Chop - chop.
And poisonous snake jump up and bite Norbit right on ass.
And a cotton mouth'll kill a dog pretty darn quick.
An adder, do so much?
A fast route, she's going to take the thruway.
A towel.
A towel and a clean pail of warm water.
A towel? Not good.
A blanket! Too late. Tomorrow.
An underwater subway tunnel devoted to high - speed electric trains
An underwater subway tunnel
A water hose.
Lt's a heavy load
A sardine breaks wind in any direction for 200km and we will know.
The sand river, where our 24 - hour story begins.
A toad - headed agama.
A ditch? Why?
A channel with no water. Even so, it doesn’t matter.
A river, a train, and a barking dog.
Like a river or lake.
A river, is no river without water.
The river. Lots of springbok and gazelle.
A great rift valley splits open the Martian plain.
And a river gets overrun with frogs.
There was oil drag marks leading from the kitchen to the dumpster.
There was oil drag marks leading from the kitchen to the dumpster.
An ominous white glow along the edge of the reef
One law cannot change ancient customs.
A dirt road.
One into the deep muscle, one into the bone marrow centres.
That sharks can be more valuable alive than dead.
A way to survive.
A stray dog
It's a fucking stray dog. Who gives as shit?
A shallow river for you to walk across.
This dolphin comes out of right field
A moray eel would seem safe after you.
Information's two bits.
One involves your mother, your shame core,
A carton of Winston for Pedro.
A blue sari with a gold border.
Hmm. A pretty dress?
A leaky boat.
A leaky boat.
A laser whip. Laser whip.
A pillar of fire rose into the sky
What are the chances there's a ham strapped to the roof of the Capitol?
A pair of knickers
A gray lap strake.
A bed of hot coals.
From Waverly, Virginia,
A Hermes scarf?
A jeans skirt and then I wore this.
And a pair of jeans.
Into a foxy fish - babe singing part of your world to my pants.
The dog, a cow, a snail. I'm doomed.
A dog? A ghost pet?
A dog? A dog.
A dog inside the building.
A dog? For you.
A dog bit on it.
Dog on the underground.
A dog took my face and gave me a better face to change the world
A dog. Baby.
10 grand's a shitload for a dog. They must be serious.
A dog, soon to be put down.
A dog. I'm ready for a dog.
A dog. I'm ready for a dog.
A dog. I ran her over.
A fucking dog? - Oh fuck, you are a shitty driver.
A dog is not going to fill the hole in my heart.
A dog? - yeah.
A dog ran across the road.
It's a dog. It's a dead dog.
Just because a dog wags its tail from time to time
'an animal can only take so much punishment and humiliation
A dog saying “happy ARF – day”.
Even a dog at a glance can win.
How about an exclusive.
A narrow band connects the two.
A long, narrow Causeway links the shore to a small island.
A long narrow pit he discovered on the South side of the great
It's a bloodhound dog.
A hound. Out there in the hollow.
A hound!
A Mary river crocodile
A missing leg that's now missing?
It's a straight line from Oahu to Maui.
A life expiring.
A life is ruined.
A human life is at stake here.
A skirt with tiers of seatbelt strap.
It's a chain with irregularities
A horizon bound by Liz Henson's luscious curves.
A message sent by an alien civilization
Sitting on a wooden armchair strapped to the timbers,
It's a nice boat with a great big hole in the deck
One message. Message erased.
A mad dog?
With a diseased puppy?
A bad leg.
A white one made of rabbit fur.
One female. One male
White gold charm with the number 3 on it.
A white ribbon round a Clive reader brief.
In a beautiful setting of white gold.
A white dragon is indeed a rare thing
Except for about three dollars in change and a thong.
A belt, wrist band, a watch,
Can a thong cover a potato?
Barely a line or a crease.
But you don’t have any wrinkles
In the opposite direction.
A line or a design or the curve of an arch.
One straight line, come on.
Straight. This goes here.
A straight road?
An invisible thread drawing you back, inch by inch,
A guard dog.
A guard dog is the best way to go.
One silk handkerchief.
A real underdog. Well, what doesn't make any sense is,
A real creep.
American value: the overarching desire to protect
This truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families,
One universal. It is the only real truth.
A king cobra comes into the fucking thing.
A text message.
And dumped you with a text message 
Can a text message change your life?
That wolf sent Cecily asking about the baby.
This pair of shorts, actually.
I mean, the... The shorts are gonna go up to your nipples.
A pipeline exploded, took out two trains.
How would all of this be greatly improved by an oil pipeline?
A path of stone? Hmm.
Holy shit, a swordfish almost went through my head?
A fucking dog! What the fuck is wrong with you?
A secret road.
What secret path? An old goat track.
By using a secret passage that allowed him
A secret path.
You know, an empty highway or
An empty street? An empty police station?
Into one potent, powerful river that truly befits her godly status.
A simple path to goodness needs
Pink squirrel's tail there.
Looks like a pink line is forming. Shit.
The pink short - sleeved tennis dress
Into one thick extension cord which snakes its way out a window.
An open - weave, fringed trim, two metres by one metre.
A subtle mauve chiffon. Dude, really? Mauve?
A horrifying, embarrassing message.
The bad line, the “yes” line. Let me see that now.
Trying to stuff myself into a pair of skinny jeans.
A purple ribbon or tie, as you can see here.
The street of abundance.
A red ribbon.
And there's a red dragon with seven heads waiting
And a red tube coming out of it, and next to it, you have just
A red skirt
A red tie around his neck, we're on bed at home
A red tie around my neck, we're in bed at home 
A vein of almost pure yellow stuff.
It's a line with three circles on it.
One line... Oh, “not pregnant”. I'm not pregnant!
Everything that happened is in that line.
A line drive to deep left center
The tricycle with a line through it? What does that mean?
One lead, which leads.
A clue. - to what?
And those clues lead you to other clues, and you get this big prize at the end?
A tether, if you will.
A clue lies 30 miles outside the city
One clue leading inexorably to the next.
Where one door closes.
A circuit that does the job of the keypad.
To the pilot. I'll patch him through.
One line or two lines?
A creek was frozen and covered by the snow.
One for the first woman,
One for the first woman, one for the first man
One for the first man
And a loaf for matron.
And a loaf for matron, please.
His grandmother's Paisley shawl with a beer river running through it.
For the foreseeable future.
A rope.
A rope snaked down.
An enormous glacial valley that snaked for miles
A green one, a yeIlow one and a red one.
Not even a crack.
Just on one account.
A forest path?
A mermaid!
A mer maid.
A mermaid, why not?
A mermaid, Jack.
A nice sea bass.
Tunnels where the American bombs couldn't reach.
An alligator in the sewer.
You can’t teach an old dog new tri
A brilliant
I look for a curious shark.
One severed limb.
A big, dried - out piece of bass jerky.
Bootsie was a fat - assed, shedding bitch.
One nice, fat kraut trout. - that's enough, now.
The lousy lead mutt. He 'II be fine working your mine.
The one with the bad arm?
Found his left hand embedded in the opposite wall.
That can blow off an arm or a leg.
A towel that would sense how wet or dry the user's skin was
One way I might buy myself a little room to breathe,
A dirty, leather necklace?
A dirt road by an old white shack, maybe ten miles west of the bar.
One dirty fish can make the entire pond dirty.
One belt, one shoelace, one wallet containing.
A girdle to set you free.
A leg, an arm.
Twenty thousand for a leg.
How much is a leg?
Just throw your other leg over.
Just putting one leg in front of the other, like this. Walking.
Those with one foot in the canoe
A leg, she's got two, doesn't she? You'll get them both.
a leg is on the way. Yes, bhai.
Two birds, one leg.
Shake one knee!
With one leg. Yeah. The one leg.
Going up the stairs with one leg is a pain in the ass.
The one - legged man.
And the one - legged man, he is near. Aye?
What's the going rate for a leg these days? Mm, pretty good.
A one - legged wolf? I don’t think it's a wolf at all.
Stand on one leg.
I'll take a leg, please. On second thoughts, I'll have some white meat.
She's like one limb above me.
One leg's shorter than the other. I can’t help it.
One she would have been familiar with. She wasn't even driving!
What was once a free - swimming creature
Make the whole group look bad.
A boat? A plane?
A ship and a crew. Where's Sao Feng?
It's two guys on a boat.
Two guys on a boat.
A boat, yours.
A boat. The sea, a boat, a rowboat.
Who can help me to get a boat?
A boat. Great.
And a boat came by and said, “do you need any help?”
And it's very common for one boat to run over another boat's line
Together? What did I do?
A boat. Throw me that sunscreen.
A boat? Yes, a boat.
A boat docked at the 79th street basin to take us out to sea.
She's only a ship, mate.
How many people can you fit in a boat?
yes, and how many seas must the white dove sail
Yes, and how many seas must the white dove sail
It's just a ship and a strip of land. Could be anywhere.
Four frightened gypsies slid silently under
And a boat comes along, and he's, like, no thanks.
The hard one where you put on the white hat and admit everything up front,
Like a bare - bummed idiot wearing nothing but a tutu.
Give me a full ballerina skirt and a hint of saloon and I'm on board.
A British ship. Fat with cargo by the looks of her.
A little patch of desert
A little blue line.
It's a worm... It's a worm.
A worm.
A worm. A worm.
Just one worm infects the whole world?
One worm kills the world?
A way no one ever seems to tell you about,
A snake! A snake!
One of the snakes went down the grate.
A snake ate a rat.
A serpent stung me,
A snake consuming its own tail,
A snake eating its own tail.
A snake has shredded his skin right here.
In the center of the milky way.
A snake. I should have told you. Never go in there without a mongoose.
A snake? - yeah. Chop - chop.
A snake injured a guest. We can’t allow that to happen.
A snake. What's the difference? He doesn't have one.
A snake in a sleeping bag.
A mighty 4,000 - mile ribbon of year - round water,
A direct path can be traced from Manhattan to French Polynesia,
Street to street. Right through the night.
It's this street and it's a light
And then two missing persons on one street?
Makes no difference there's a bit of sandstone in the same street.
You'd have to take out a city block to kill the power.
Everybody on the block thought he was crazy.
About a block away. Moving towards us.
One means I'm not pregnant.
A very badly treated pet.
A cursed ship.
Got a dress.
A dress. A purse.
It's a skirt, a little camisole,
A dress, a pair of diamond earrings, and a pair of Pearl earrings.
A dress was missing and some jewelry.
A dress, a purse.
It's just a dress.
I grabbed her a pair of pants because I wanted her to be comfortable,
I mean, it's just pants. It's no big deal.
One pair of trousers, blue pinstriped.
In a pair of pants.
He's gonna have a hard time walking around with one side of his pants dragging on the ground.
With one side of his pants dragging on the ground.
Here, she blows. The big brown shark is gonna come.
One rule -
A police tail. Lucky us.
A police dog lead them to a second murder victim located several houses down.
A mean dog.
A road that took me through blood.
A message was sent with in the past hour to the police
Everything needs to be in there.
A snake that an absolutely has none seen it before.
One copy, please
A slave ship.
A line through the world? The blessing.
Or a way out of here.
A corridor. This map makes no sense.
A hallway. Well, seems easy enough.
A corridor. This map makes no sense.
A road comes down through the forest,
One way out: you die.
Way an exponentially growing length of time to do if you did them path by path.
How can the same street intersect with itself?
It has only one route to the cemetery and back.
One that leads to happiness, which I think you deserve.
Green the entire way.
Well, he was there for six months.
Both: a road needs a bend
One car per lane, alternating at the drivers' discretion.
And a hose that run down his sleeve.
You made it through the whole thing!
And a canal connecting it to the river was dug through its centre,
A canal boat. He moves around.
A canal boat. He moves around.
A 90 - meter near vertical rock face
A shortcut. Punch it. We can beat him.
One of them is medical.
An ancient route which leads to a place where if they're lucky
A ways away from the school.
One under his back yard and the other into his escape tunnel.
Which is a ramp way leading from the Roman forum, up to the palatine hill.
A bond has formed,
And for your brother.
A beloved performing orca whale has been stolen from the denver sea park.
Got a line on wire transfers to Guatemala.
Looking for a way to cause trouble.
A bridge to nowhere.
And a stone path leading to a lake
The path of righteousness and a path of sin.
The place to which it leads is very dark
One - way ticket straight to the inside of your head.
A new, shorter route through the Nevadas.
A doorway.
Beneath the consulate.
A pipeline is targeted in Israel.
A passage, that connects Helvetia and the desange's house.
Firstly.
First of all,
The bravery of idiots is bravery nonetheless. Five.
One track mind.
One road, one way to God.
None of them yet, but this case - I got to -
I - I don’t understand any of it.
Well, uh, none that I've heard of.
Is it possible a cur can lend three thousand ducats?
One golden fish!
One golden fish. One golden fish.
A goldfish lays up to 3000 eggs at once.
A fishing boat.
A cable runs through your collar devices.
A ribbon of iron stretched 1,800 miles
A diamond necklace, and 10,000 gold talents!
A railway is sure to swallow up a lot of money.
A chain, also most likely part of the victim's apparel;
It was a platinum necklace that held a sapphire.
A silver ramp.
An ice fish.
Chains?
That a chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
Upright strut and a base hanging off of it,
A sawtooth eel hangs upright and motionless.
A jeweled carriage way with nod destination, you know?
By building this nine - mile long aqueduct.
A highly sensitive metre long tail hangs down
It's just a bench. Sit down, sweet thang.
There's a long wire leading from launch control down to the rocket and unfortunately that had a breakage somewhere.
Long trousers. Agreed. Long trousers.
A 150 - meter - long cutting line.
A really long fuse
Crowd: there's a long, long trail winding
Long, slow general arc.
A lightning bolt? Eighteen.
This sparkling gorgeous waistband!
A line here. A line here. A line here.
A tunnel.
One of the things that's good for a tunnel
A tunnel! Between bank and store.
A single female can produce 25,000 eggs
A mackerel?
A very classic trench.
An expensive bracelet.
There's a thin, white line.
A very big river in Africa.
A tidy line through there, got to be honest. Very tidy.
A loaf of bread? No.
Uh, one of breaded calamari, one hand - melted board certified, culture - free butter.
A ioaf of bread? No.
One shoelace? You know how much those shoes cost?
There's a shoelace mixed in with the flesh.
One shoelace? I came in here with two.
A necklace?
It was a necklace.
A necklace! You guys really are faggots, aren't you?
One bracelet gets you a burger.
A necklace for a lady.
One necklace gold!
A tie?
One necktie.
Just a tie. The murderer and the victim struggle,
One additional message.
A flying boat? Not bad! That's some smart thinking.
A sausage.
A sausage? 
A fish. A Frenchman. A phone operator.
A fish? - new to the game.
One fish won’t fill you up, but if all the seals catch one fish.
One fish two fish red fish blue fish.
And I caught nothing.
There isn't a fish left.
Here's a fish! Cloud.
After a fish switches off its light, it immediately darts away to a different position.
A fish transforming to a human being is a magic, not a miracle.
One fish won’t feed the family
A single fish can chew its way through
A fish frozen beneath the ice by this cold winter.
A fish struggles instinctively against an almost formless antagonist.
The most exquisite bits of the fish are the cheeks.
A stuffed fish.
Fishing expedition.
A single rope can kill a whale.
A rope once wrapped around her tail and cut deep into her skin.
Can a fish cause a reel to catch on fire?
One fish has enough poison to kill 30 people.
A fish! Is this how fish sticks start out?
The fish is a largemouth bass.
A shark - there was one shark. It wasn't a big deal.
Lt takes one shark to make one set of cutlery.
What's the difference between
A whale surfaced.
A whale. The whale?
An alligator dragged meinto a swamp!
A penis is loose in our kitchen!
Seems a penis broke in and cheese.
A hemp rope, and some hot water, please.
And sliver of butter.
A yellow dog is here saying he's the brother of mother owl
A yellow silk scarf.
One yellow.
A yellow plume.
A black dog.
What do you mean, "reach down deep"?
It's a package deal.
A dragon? Don’t touch that!
I was told by a dragon.
A dragon and a huge, obnoxious boy crash through his roof... Twice.
It's all in one.
Package deal.
It could be a constant stream of delicious sandwiches and boat HOS.
That's a full - service woman. That was great.
Full - service provider, huh?
A dragon settled in by a lake
Straight to the queen.
A dragon! That 's.
A give and take, kind of an icebreaker - I think it sounds so fun. I love games.
Back and forth, this one and that one.
We make a profit coming and going.
One - two punch... It might be more effective. You and me?
They sleep together, and make a baby's shape.
Blada, blada, blada, I feared for my life, so I had no choice
He found out about your mission
Number one, you're going to lose. You're just not ready.
For one thing you can roll around the projects and see who's missing.
So you can get together with Hsiao Yue
And I saw her hurrying to meet the postman.
Jumping every time the mail came, or a phone call.
Not only by our relationship,
You've solved a big case just after your arrival at Zhongjing city
Look, I come here, and I think of Chloe, all right?
We'll make money together, and cut out rivalry.
That ought to shut them up
Come on. I'm asking you again:
Can you please take care of the house
One... Come on, jump.
The chancellor won’t commit electoral suicide
Yeah, like juggling chain saws?
And you start going through the closets?
Started seizing again upon arrival.
Some put in the flavoring first!
Every opening is on full service.
And there's three of them.
Yeah, but now we got two of them? Two extremely pissed - off ghosts?
Are you in charge of this operation?
To know his real name right from the top.
I can meet Mr. Zhang right away
I've determined to make sure that he practices hard,
For one thing, I'm no longer in the running.
As much as for your sake as for Dorothy 's.
And part of it is to convince Steven
Sometimes that's the beauty of them.
They eliminate targets and they terrify terrorists.
Play the game. Yeah, we're going to throw your head.
When it all gets too real, huh?
A relative's come from America and wants to say hello to you.
But to thank you for helping me out
It wasn't my intent to come in here and start barking directives,
You're usually operating alone,
It is one thing to reconcile these things with God,
Think a $100 latte might be the fix I need?
That'll be $16.
$80 a glass? No, four dollars.
One drink, one little drink. That's all. Then you can go home.
Uh, one. A glass of wine.
Same again, sir.
Perfectly mixed cocktail can be.
How about a nice glass of peu Chimay?
One sewer water, hold the foam.
With this DRAM, right now, I nail my soul to the devil's altar.
And a double scotch neat soda back pour moi.
Room temperature water.
One with no foam.
One is never enough, two is too many, and 12 -
One is never enough, two is too many,
A cup, not a franchise.
One drink? Two.
Two ounces to a drink. Three drinks, six ounces.
One tall caf? Mocha, extra hot,
Ah, one tall caf? Mocha extra hot employee discount.
One for the sauce,
I'll have a hnny Walker blue, neat, and a Montecristo no. 2 thanks.
Maybe not one, but after four or five, you've been known to do a lot worse.
A dry martini. Wait.
Just a Remy Martin.
A what? - you'll need pitted,
And a Jack fuckin 'black!
One vodka tonic.
A vodka tonic would be great. I 'll just be over there.
One vodka depression, one glass of champagne,
Vodka soda?
I 'll have a vodka, please. Vodka...?
Vodka tonic.
Vodka martini.
How much is a vodka martini and a pomegranate Cosmo?
An umbrella drink. Anything with rum. Awesome.
A Cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge.
An Earl grey tea, steamed, no water.
One drink, but only one.
One decaf, no sugar, extra - foam latte.
A decaf for you
One skinny vanilla latte with whip.
A glass of your house red, please
One of your appletinis... Excuse me.
One cup for you and one for me.
A cup of wine to honor the one true God.
Club soda.
Uh, and a health quake salad shake?
To drink, a diet coke with lemon and lots of ice.
Diet cola, please. Thank you.
One glass, sir? No, not a glass, just the bowl.
One glass of Veuve Clicquot too many.
A peach margarita.
I'll have an ice coffee
With a cold beer and a cigarette,
Would a cold beer help?
Iced mocha sounds nice. Yeah.
How refreshing a cold glass can be.
Glass of ice, please.
A glass of ice, hot water, lemon.
Let me get a Dixie and a shot of tequila, chilled.
Just an iced tea, thanks.
One ice - cold gin martini straight up.
A cold brew, beer nuts, live music.
One cold drink, in advance.
A glass of iced tea. Three slices... Of lemon with half glass of ice.
A cold one.
A glass of the house red wine, right out of the keg, is incredibly cheap.
You got a funny definition of one drink.
A cup of PG tips with a splash of milk, and I want it sizzling hot.
An iced mocha with extra, extra whipped cream.
One diet coke with ice.
Jack on the rocks.
A scotch rocks.
One cream and sugar. One black.
A glass of Pinot Grigio.
Pinot Noir, please.
One vodka with coconut water on it. Vodka?
One with an olive, one with a twist. Thank you.
Make one of them dirty
One and a half cups of dry dog food.
Yeah, I want a single shot of whiskey and a double - shot of whiskey,
A single malt.
Glass of Chateau de Beaucastel Sirah,
One cappuccino, one latte.
How much is a cappuccino in this place?
One "Ketel one" martini.
It's one Cajun jungle,
One more, one more. You're drinking all my stuff.
Second glasses of wine.
Lots and lots of margaritas.
For a mochaccino and a couple of quick picks?
Bring me a double martini
A double, non-fat lat with
Um, I'll have a double espresso.
The other goblet, a harmless liquid.
I'm gonna need more than one.
A coke.
One coke,
A coke? One cold drink.
A coke and a coffee liquor.
A coke and a grappa.
With a coke, two bacon cheddars, with vanilla shakes, an ice water,
A proper cup of tea would restore my normality.
A cup of tea would be lovely.
One daiquiri and a bourbon on the rocks.
A Gibson? Are you for real?
A Gibson?
One gay beer, please.
One gay beer for my gay friend,
One drink? - two.
A sparkling water, please.
Man, it's the same as Dunkin 'donuts. It costs 1 5 times the price.
A coffee.
A cup of coffee.
Cup of coffee?
Cup of coffee and a pack of cigarettes, please.
One coffee, one beer. One coffee.
One coffee and one tequila, please.
Coffee, please. Black.
You can kick that espresso shot's ass. You can.
A cup of coffee, my dear.
One song per cup.
A coffee, like during the piano lessons?
One coffee, easy on the sugar, please.
Cup of coffee, short stack, little syrup,
One cafe con leche, two sugar, coming up.
Coffee, two sugars.
One cafe con leche, extra sugar, coming up.
How about a coffee and a number four?
The coffee, and the side of Canadian bacon.
A cup of coffee. How much is coffee? 10 cents.
A coffee to go, please.
A cup of coffee. How much is coffee? - 10 cents.
Cup of coffee. Yeah.
A black cup of coffee, all right? A black cup of coffee.
Coffee, please - small.
Cup of coffee should do the trick.
How about just a coffee?
Just coffee.
A cup of coffee would be fine.
A cup of coffee, just this.
$4 for a cup of coffee.
Coffee to go, please.
May I have a coffee to go?
One fucking coffee to go?!
Coffee out of frame, and let me just move this mic right her there you go.
How about over a cup of coffee? A cup of coffee?
A coffee, please.
A cup of coffee. Make it two.
A cup of coffee spilled on the floor.
A coffee, green.
Coffee run? Usual for you, boss? - yeah, tall drip, black.
The price of a cup of coffee -
That's an awful lot of questions over coffee
So, one coffee... And another for me.
It's just coffee. I hate to impose.
It's incredible what can happen over a cup of coffee.
It's incredible what can happen over a cup of coffee.
W - what does a cup of coffee prove?
Let me get a coffee a maple bar and a large milk to go.
$4 for a cup of coffee. - and the last time you paid -
$20 for a cup of coffee?
Exactly two tea spoonsful for every cup.
One cup a Joe - problem solved.
A cup of coffee, two sugars, please?
A cup of coffee, please.
Coffee, please.
A coffee. Anything else?
A surprise mocha venti just because you're so awesome.
Coffee doesn't take that much time
Just one, huh?
A beer.
Can I have a beer?
One beer, one beautiful lady, that's not a drink, that's just you,
A beer. A vodka and tonic.
Beer and a red wine.
Put one beer in him, and he's m. Night charmalarmalon.
Well, after they had a beer.
One beer. No.
One drink's not gonna kill us.
I'd like a beer and a double kamikaze, please.
A beer. Two.
A beer, and another beer to make the evening shine.
An export beer and a fruit sundae. Gladly, sir.
Beer and water, please.
A beer and a margarita, please?
A beer and a red wine. Thank you.
Give us a beer, Doug
A beer will be fine.
How about a beer?
Bring another pitcher of beer. I'm not real good at cards, but.
No harm in one beer, Joe. Or two or three.
A beer. Tuborg, Heineken?
One beer, coming up. Want some pizza pie?
One down, and you're not even halfway through your first.
A Carlsberg and tuborg gold.
One Cosmo, please.
One in the sink and one on the table.
A cup of proper coffee in a copper coffee cup.
One cup. What size cup?
Ohe large coke, ahd a large fries
And a large coffee leave some room for milk.
Okay, uh, one decaf Grande soy Chai latte
A cup of garlic, a twist of parakeet.
A soy protein shake and three pieces of German chocolate layer cake.
One Cosmo and one small raise for your favorite cocktail waitress?
A toffee... Nut... Soy.
Bloody Mary for the lady.
A milkshake and two coffees.
One tea, one coffee
Here it is, sir
One good drink ought to do it.
Glass of wine keeps the doctor in line.
Um, one, uh, date shake. Coming right up.
One ginger ale, coming right up.
A scotch.
Shot of bourbon?
One whiskey, one wine.
Whiskey, straight up. Beer in the bottle.
A bottle of scotch and two Asian hookers.
Whiskey on the rocks, right?
Canadian club and ginger ale and Dubonnet on the rocks, please.
I'll take a whiskey and a statement on the record.
Scotch and whatever my friend is having.
A whiskey and soda? Nothing I'd like better, sir.
One whiskey... Which one sir?
A shot of whisky, please.
A whisky sour, please.
The perfect cup of tea - that's a puzzle.
A liquid libation to ease that frustration?
One drink? - one drink.
One drink? One drink.
One. One shot. There it is.
One glass. The - the two fingers.
Just a drink, please.
One's enough! We'll share!
Okay, just one glass and then we've got dinner reservations at 66, yes?
One drink. I'll even buy blondie here one.
One's quite enough.
A dry white wine.
Just a glass of water, sir?
I'll have an espresso, please, and
One? What, are we gonna share?
Drink it, just one shot. I really can’t drink.
I can handle one drink.
Uh, one latte, one mochaccino.
Yeah, I'll have a, um, decaf latte.
One latte, nonfat.
One bottle down, one to go. Nice.
Tipping the cups and creating a hangover for himself.
One after another, until I felt myself calming down.
One mocha cappuccino to go.
We have a mocha, half 2%, half soy milk.
One mojito, a couple of snacks, and then we hit the bricks, agreed?
A glass of Moselle, please.
One for you. One for you.
One sugar - free margarita.
Just one morning shake, please. Thanks.
A morning cap?
What's one drink?
One's diet. The other's regular.
Are you buying me a tea?
One was an honor, but I'm cutting you off.
Because, one of them is for you!
One's for you.
One is for you. Thank you.
One for me after that fracas.
An ordinary pitcher of milk.
A Manhattan.
A Manhattan, please.
A Manhattan, please. Sure. What kind of bourbon?
A Manhattan, sir.
A sickly sugar - riddled drink. And then a jaffa cake.
I think I'll have a rum.
One rum, large
Give me rum, please.
One house blend, on the house.
A Stein of gin.
A Jacky and some matches.
And tear each other to shreds for a glass of gin.
One smoothie coming right up.
Um, one, uh, date shake.
A grapefruit juice.
A lick of lemon,
Tonic and lime, please.
Tea with lemon. What happened to your voice?
Can I get a grandee drip, and a decaff,
One pear juice.
A cranberry juice.
Glass of o. J.
Orange juice, please.
And a glass of orange juice and maybe some whole wheat toast.
One Cosmo, you jerk.
And one normal beer for me, because I am normal.
A beaker of bean's finest secret cider.
Fuzzy navel.
Glass of water, crust of bread, and then.
One hot water, one tea
And water and no ice. - coming right up.
Glass of water, central park,
A glass of water would be great.
Maybe just a glass of water.
Maybe a water. - a water. Okay.
Just a cup of water is enough.
Oh, just a water.
A glass of water, please.
A glass of water, iced tea maybe? No, thanks.
A drink? Coffee?
The impossible truth in a glass of water.
12 bucks for a club soda? Yeah.
A soda would fulfill the hunt list.
And a root beer float.
A sex on the beach. My fave.
Bourbon.
And a bourbon. Straight.
A shot of bourbon maybe, something.
And a bourbon chaser. Good you let up on the hard stuff.
.. A nice strong coffee.
A double espresso whole milk today.
A stronger tea, perhaps.
One weak coffee.
One very light. You can double up on mine.
A slusho mix, thank you.
A lethal cocktail of alcohol and prescription drugs.
Yeah, a coffee, black.
One of these is warm, the other is very hot.
One drip and one extra - hot double - cap with no foam. Sorry again about the mess - up.
A screaming orgasm on the beach with extra sugar on the rim.
A passion juice.
Glass of stout, please.
A shot and a brew, Shellie, and keep 'em comin'.
A shot and a brew, Shellie, and keep 'em comin'.
A hot cup of coffee.
A puddle of spilled coffee, an unfortunately positioned designer dog brush with an unfortunately sharp end.
Could quench our thirst with a nice warm beer.
Hot whiskey, John - Joe, please. And a cold one while I'm waiting.
A hot chocolate tea.
A good hot mug of tea.
A cup of tea always makes things a little better.
A fresh cup of tea is poured for the loved one departing.
A cup of milk.
A glass of milk?
And a milk and an OJ.
A glass of milk and sleeping pills.
A glass of milk. Right away, sir.
Bottle of leche, please.
One leche, please.
One special soda water, on its way.
A marguerita, please.
A Reese's cup or something. You know what I mean?
A liqueur.
Uh, one guava smoothie, please.
For my virtuous friend here.
Oh, yes. White Russian, please. I don’t know that. How do you make that?
A cognac.
Just the one brandy, corporal, please. Yes, sir.
A Sauvignon Blanc.
A white wine spritzer, an old Bushmill Irish decaf, no sugar.
A white wine spritzer, please.
Glass of white wine. Thank you.
A glass of white.
Glass of wine, please. Certainly.
I'll have a mineral water please.
Diarrhea - inducing swill.
One cup of sugar... - one cup of sugar.
One cup sugar and orange zest
And a grenadine juice.
The - the, the, Somalian Head trip, the espresso of the day.
I'll have a Cabernet.
A glass of red wine.
But a glass of red wine? Yes, please.
Oh, I would love a glass of red.
Can I have a whiskey straight up?
Gin neat.
A scotch, neat.
Single malt.
One is for you.
One for the fiddler.
Two. One for me, one for my dad.
And one for the boss
One more for the lady with the, uh, face.
I'll have an absolute martini.
One green tea.
Nice cup of Earl grey. Get out, everybody. Get out.
Waiter: Un Americano.
Is a good, stiff drink.
Hi. An Americano with two splendas, please.
One old Bushmill Irish decaf, hold the sugar.
One drink... One drink. Just one drink, just one drink.
I have one lousy drink, okay? Have you ever seen me drunk? Ever?
Hi. Um, I'll have a nonfat latte. - sure.
One skinny mocha latte. Thank you.
A cup of my homemade Chinese chicken soup,
Tap water it is.
One mango, a sloe - gin fizz, one slippery nipple,
A mango margarita. And I'll probably have three more drinks by the end of the night.
Papassian petal juice, please.
A soda?
I'll have a white wine spritzer
One club soda.
One sparkling water,
I'd love some sparkling water.
A soda, huh?
Uh, yeah, a club soda, please.
Scotch and water, another beer for ray.
We'll have a scotch whisky and a vodka.
A scotch, but thin it out. Don’t let me get all Irish.
Mine's a scotch, neat.
Scotch, please.
A shot of scotch. Coming up, darling.
Scotch. Thanks.
A scotch, but thin it out. Don’t let me get all Irish.
Pint of bitter and a couple of these.
One apple - TiNi coming up.
Order one ouzo.
A stiff shot of sambuca in there, and it was, "lights out, Bobby!
A pastis! / coming!
I'll probably have my baby after tea and then dance at a ball the same evening.
A cup of tea and a nice long hug.
A cup of tea and some apple juice. A beer?
Cup of tea? No, thanks.
A cup of tea? Yes.
A TEA, please. Sure
What about a cup of tea?
Cup of tea will be lovely. Thank you. Just this once, dear,
Cup of tea, something or other.
A cup of tea, please.
Funny how a cup of tea can mean so much.
So, a simple cup of tea is acceptable, right?
A strawberry daiquiri, huh?
A couple mojitos may warm your blood. What do you say?
Okay, one mojito please and I'll.
Glass of wine?
Doesn't matter. A glass of wine
A glass of plum juice
1,500 calories in a mint fro - cap? No wonder he has so much adipose tissue.
A bloody Mary, sweetie. Comin 'right up.
Bloody Mary please. Light on the bloody.
A bloody Mary, please, not too spicy.
Just one glass will do.
It's $180 a glass.
It's five cents a glass.
I could use a drink.
One. You remember that clearly?
One lousy vodka tonic.
Single glass. Thanks.
Just one please so how do you know all this stuff
One soy latte, one orange juice, two yogurts.
One soy latte, one orange juice,
A dirty summertini, please. I'd like to put their drinks on my tab.
A Louisiana flip.
A Louisiana flip. Mr. Kringelein, how are you now?
A Louisiana flip. Louisiana flip, please.
A cup or just a tablespoon?
Glass or a? Bottle
Glass or a -? Bottle.
Glass or a...? - bottle.
One drip and one extra - hot double - cap with no foam.
None. None yet. You don’t have to be exact.
A drink, have a couple of laughs, why not?
One drink, one toast, and we're leaving.
The price of a drink let him decide.
How much for a drink?
One glass was enough for you? You're sure?
For a shot and a beer.
A drink? Yes.
One drink, one question.
Something to take your mind off of it for a bit.
A draft comin 'up.
The price of a drink? Let him decide.
One drink.
One drink, and then you are gonna interrupt us
Wine please
Once a while doesn’t make a slave out of you, doesn’t increase the sugar level
Can't hold a liquor.
And a lime and soda, please.
tonic and lime, please. Sure.
And a club soda with lime for gale sayers
Just the one? Come on, doc. There's a fellow that can’t hold his liquor.
1,500 calories in a mint frocap?
A single? Double.
Single or double? Double.
And a gin and tonic, please.
Okay, one long island ice tea.
Cask mixed in with the oak
To a bottle of Chardonnay.
And a lime and soda, thank you.
Un cocktail de I 'aviation.
A drink, and a pizza.
One drink, two straws coming right up.
A glass of champagne.
A glass of champagne
One champagne and one vodka.
One glass of champagne, one beer, one beautiful lady.
A glass of champagne's not gonna hurt.
One glass of champagne that's all I ask.
A glass of champagne sounds lovely. Okay.
Just have one glass of champagne
A glass of champagne, please.
Glass of bubbly, please.
That cannot be diminished by a nice cup of tea.
You always close a good day with a smooth single malt.
A vanilla coke. That's disgusting.
One herb tea.
A banana daiquiri, my good man.
One banana blueberry soy wheatgrass whey protein smoothie
A nice, crisp Chardonnay.
A martini. And what else?
A medium-dry martini, lemon peel. Shaken, not stirred.
Martini, please.
A martini. All right, then.
Just a martini, up.
A horse's neck. What?
One devil's tail.
And a fuzzy navel.
Try saying that after a cocktail.
You know, had a couple cocktails or whatever,
A cocktail? Good - bye, Guenter.
After a cup of cocktail
A mc flurry, please. A mc flurry, please.
Um, one black and one with milk.
Just a regular black coffee, please?
Coffee. Black. My, my, my.
A lick of cassis,
One glass of tequila.
Tequila shot, no lime.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Let go loose and jump.
Boiler plate? So, it's bullshit?
Well, you're waking up to the incessant mind - numbing tedium
Fucking a.
Ain’tenough firewood in the whole forest. No.
A 1,000 lb bomb went off at this very spot,
OK, there's a 1943 copper penny fell into a crack at the cargo door.
A 46 - year - old print?
Expended nine millimeter cartridge casing.
A very rare and beautiful coin.
A ring that say you'll be together but not have sex.
What's a $20 million missing diamond
The fake school slut.
As a token of what you will never achieve.
Every day, you talk about the party
A cut diamond can be plotted like a fingerprint,
A bomb unlike any other fell from the skies above Hiroshima.
Get one from the health Ministry.
A little boy named kip Dooley.
A ring powered by the energy of will was sent to every sector to select a recruit.
A lipstick stain. We might be able to match it to one of our female suspects.
A challenge coin.
When an I ed goes off.
One's at the lower lighthouse and there is one on the roof.
One from the shard, one from the book
One from the shard, one from the book and one from the penny.
And one to the skull.
A stolen nuclear munition is being smuggled into the United States,
And never accumulated a single badge,
A medal that will be so good
A bullet? - how'd you know that?
Think a bullet might interfere with them more.
A bullet in order to prove it was the same gun used
It took a bullet wound for him to accept it,
And a bullet would've given it away. I see.
A well - placed directional charge
A complete print.
A directional blast that can launch a projectile into the engine of a car at high speed will stop it in its tracks.
A missile. They're building a missile battery.
A missile which could, in theory,
A brick of C4 primed to blow in 30 seconds.
And, with a little pin, bores through his castle wall and,
A pristine bullet,
Cruise missile. Who's in?
A giant sperm cell.
He shot himself with a bazooka?
And a gold corkscrew pin.
Off one of the casings left at the scene.
One through four in all respects.
And he brought me a ring.
Popped up in the pocket of our model.
A ring's not gonna stop you from having sex.
The one ring.
A grenade go up in someone's body and just... Boom.
A button. What color?
One fingerprint, as promised.
The victim's prints were on one.
Um, one matched the office manager.
Um... It's just a modest ring, but it represents 60 years of love.
An unexploded bomb. We have them in London.
An almond?
A coin from meereen,
A coin from Volantis,
A nuclear bomb just went off, like 25 miles from here.
An atomic device has been detonated on American soil today.
One olive.
One with poison, the other with antidote.
A car bomb had exploded,
A tear - drop... Diamond?
All we need is one stray bullet.
A beautiful blue Tanzanite diamond ring.
A Martian meteorite found in Antarctica contained evidence of
A rocket just exploded.
A rocket, the Hubble telescope?
A rocket - propelled grenade hit her Humvee.
A cannonball wouldn’t worry me, but a cannonball from that cannon?
The shell went off right beside him. Camera on his shoulder saved his life.
One grenade got away from him.
The exact some signature as the one today.
By the bomb that destroyed the gas and water mains above Balham tube station.
A bomb went off too soon.
A bomb. Electronically detonated.
A patriot missile is 80m.
A tooth?
A lion tooth.
A drone missile hit and destroyed part of a compound
A real bomb.
A coin.
Of million dollar heads or tails.
A quarter. Now, grandma does not let me eat ice cream.
A magical medallion. That's - that's cool.
One got through. I hit them!
A simple but powerful homemade bomb.
A candy ring.
One of the redbirds missed a target
That commemorated his induction into the order of the dragon.
A coat of arms.
A wedding ring.
A wedding ring, said to belong to Cleopatra, given her by mark Antony.
Specifically a rare coin of Philip II.
A beautiful ring.
He's got 2 million bucks for a brooch,
Well, a dirty bomb is about to go off in Manhattan, commander.
To control all others.
How about a band – aid with petals?
A bad tooth. I can’t believe I didn't think of that.
A beautiful brooch in a beautiful box.
Engagement ring, you're marrying her.
An i. E. D. Went off... Right in front of the Humvee.
A directional explosive wired to a pressure - sensitive trigger
Doesn't anyone have any missiles left?
A golden coin.
a golden ring... 
A golden ring.
A gold medal, a pat on the back, a free ticket home?
Even a single coin has music in it, should it be gold.
A diamond is more traditional.
Diamond ring, seven carats. Worth at least a mill.
There was my diamond ring, sparkling under the water.
A uranium bullet, fired down the barrel, into a uranium target.
A bronze star for valor.
Bronze star and two PURPLR hearts
It's a nickel.
A silver thruppence can change a boy's life.
A four - carat sapphire ring is a friendship ring?
Lt is a gold ring with a blue stone.
That was about to be discovered missing
Some monumentally expensive ring just got stolen.
A coin of great value.
A brooch.
Now, a flight of a bullet is nose first until it's made contact.
That torpedo landed on sandwich golf course.
A red rose. Your favourite.
How far that little candle throws its beams!
So Gigi can also be a man's name!
A big, like, branch, or a limb... Whatever. Same difference.
Get outta town. Seriously.
A red rose, what would that say? Love.
That I am late!
Nice age to be.
A golf club, has been found.
A bullet for each cop.
You think so? You'd have to shoot fast.
Make every shot count.
One shot, one kill! Get some!
One photon each should do. Let's not waste ammunition.
We have clear shots!
Solo flight first class.
One shot, one black eye.
There are three of us.
All three were shot with the same gun.
Your enemies will get plenty of rest before you interrogate them.
Not a single shot fired.
Straight draw.
And one in the lower right shin.
One to the right thigh.
I know a shotgun to the genitals always brings me to my happy place.
Single blast. Went in, went out.
Single blast. Went in, went out. Ooh. This has got to be the coldest place in Vegas.
One shot. Not bad, huh?
Wow! One pop to the chest
Hey, one shot's lucky - do it again.
This ends right now.
It takes five rounds, shotgun, a single bore.
One from the window, which killed Hilton Cubitt,
Single gunshot wound to the back of the head.
One bullet. He would have aimed at the brain.
One shot. You got one shot to kill me.
Once. You were hit on the head, and someone finished the job.
A gun was fired, and we had lost a friend
And shot him through the liver.
The other one hit her in the chest.
Single gunshot to the abdomen.
Single shot to the chest just above the ticker.
Gunshot to the coconut.
Clean shot to the head.
One shot through the head.
Hit the heart with one shot.
Gunshot wound to the chest.
Killed by a single gunshot wound to the chest, right above the heart.
One in the back of the head, she falls,
One shot, one shattered scope, one dead cobra.
One's a through and through.
One. Defin... Maybe... Definitely one.
A clean shot.
Hit him clean!
One shot, side of the head.
Once in the head.
Gunshot to the head, up close and personal.
The sorrow when you hit the bird or the shame when you miss it.
Right between the eyes.
One in the heart, one in the head.
One in the heart, one in the brain, close range.
With a gun in your hand,
Once in the stomach.
One to the chest, and two more in the back.
Once in the abdomen, once in the neck.
One of which came from inside the car.
One shot, one birdie.
All right, well, it's our only shot.
One hit.
One shot to the head, close range.
One bullet in the spine one in the head that is the mark of a pro,
One for the shooting sign, one for the beer can.
And one for the little man who's lying in the grave.
Put a bullet right in his nogging
It's a single gunshot wound to the side of the head. Through and through.
One shot goes through the ceiling,
One missed.
To shoot that dago bastard.
Put a bullet in his fuckin 'head. Do what I tell you.
Puts a bullet right through a person.
Shoot me right in the head.
Single, small - caliber
Lights out, baby.
You can zap a guy's balls off with one hit, all right.
One shot, bam.
Single shot through the engine block.
Take it down with the first shot, or you scare it away.
One shot. That was all.
Just one shot went through the ten ring.
It went clear through his head. He didn't feel a thing.
One bang and papkin is stretched out flat.
One shot and every policeman in Phoenix who can fire a gun
One clean shot.
Just a shot and l smashed that bastard's head
Put a bullet in him.
Shot him dead.
Shoot him in the head!
You might as well just just shoot me now.
Would it be too ironic to ask you to shoot me?
Self-inflicted G. S. W. To the head.
And put a bullet in the head of that dirty murdering con you've been dragging around with you.
Single gunshot to the head with a .22
By blowing it off with a shotgun.
In the meion. One shot.
Perp pulls a gun on the bouncer, pushes in.
Just pop a cap in his ass, throw him in the trunk
One shot to the back of the neck.
One round hitting him in the shoulder, which we recovered.
Single GSW to the forehead.
Shot him right in the chest.
I shot him in the head.
One to the right eye.
One shot in the back of the head, pretty much execution - style.
One shot to the head.
They shot her in the head. I know.
One shot in the doctor, one shot in the slot machine.
And shot him right through the liver.
One bullet for the manager,
Took one in the arm, and one in the vest.
Bullet to the chest, no sign of a fight.
You shoot them in the brains, that'll kill them.
One missed, and the other just... Grazed him.
One missed, and the other just
With a bullet in your head.
Once in the head, once in the genitals.
You hit one of the suckers in the hand with that, heh, take his arm right off.
Once in the stomach, once in the neck.
Bullet in the head or no,
One in the stomach and another in the head?
One to the side, one to the forehead, close range.
You hit one of the suckers in the hand with that,
Then one in the throat just to be sure.
Blow the back of my head off. Shit.
Shooting him's just not the right move.
Should we shoot them?
And shoot them dead. Understand?
Shoot him. Cut out his tongue!
Shoot him, cut out his tongue, then shoot his tongue. And trim that beard.
He deserved that one shot
So beat it
Shoot you dead. That's right, pee wee, you keep laughing.
To a peacemaking dinner and shooting him in the head.
Shot Mr. Pig in the head,
Shoot me.
Just shoot me dead. You got that?
Give me a shot.
Just do it. I've nothing left to live for in this stupid, serious world.
Shoots himself in the head; it's a dead end for us.
Shoot Mr. Farrell in the head and drive away,
Blew the top of his head right off.
And shoot that bastard right in the head.
Shoot its brain
Petty officer Brannan in the head.
One round went through the window,
So one shot goes into our victim's shoulder,
Straight through his noble skull.
The shot was a through - and - through.
Red: let's just shoot this nigga, man.
Put a bullet right in his noggin.
You want a shot at the title?
I love to eat the brain
And then blew his brains out all over his Porsche,
Blowing that fella's brains out of the side of his head, whammo!
Staring that guy down one - on - one.
One shot grazes his head.
Once to the upper right shoulder, one to the back.
One shot? Yep.
One shot. One kill. Let me be the faceless enemy.
A bullet's too good for this guy.
Please kill me.
One to the chest,
Bullet to the base of the skull? Yes!
A stunning shot to the head.
Shot through the heart and you're to blame
She was shot right through the forehead,
They got me right here.
Shoot him already, and let's get out of here.
Blowin 'your head off would be too good. I'm gonna kill you slowly.
Kill me now.
I'd blow my brains out.
Just shoot me now. Yeah, well, don’t worry. I gave her a hard time.
I would take the bullet in a second. It's killing me.
Shoot the son of a bitch!
Bang!
Boom.
make it count.
Make it count.
Shoot him. But you don’t have the stomach for that either.
Single gunshot wound to the back.
Single shot, back to front.
C.O.D. Was a single gunshot. He died shortly after the family.
Single gunshot wound, no exit.
Heck of a shot. - yeah, I got him.
Clean shot. Boom.
One shot. Close range. Probably a .38 caliber revolver.
Deadeye shot with a preplanned escape route.
Your Peter pan ass. Put it down.
And shoots them in the head.
One in the head?
The head shot. What?
Single bullet to the head. No muss, no fuss.
One shot in the back of the head? My M.O.?
Shot in the head. Was it fatal?
Like a good shot to the head.
Blows their brains out without any trouble,
Single bullet to the head. No muss, no fuss. Killer came in here with a plan.
In the head. Never the head.
They shot a bullet right through his neck,
One shot, right through the eye?
A single gunshot wound to the chest.
One shot was a through - and - through.
That shit goes through walls.
Head shot's through. Did you get the bullet?
Lance through the heart.
Shot through the chest.
One of the rounds went right through his cellphone in his breast pocket.
One shot's a through - and - through.
One shot through the chest, through and through.
Single gunshot through her temporal lobe.
That makes it a little hard to put a bullet in her.
And put a bullet through my brain.
Putting a bullet into your head.
Because you want me to kill you.
Be done with it and shoot.
One for your friend, one for himself. So our options are, you know,
One pull of the trigger for yourself, or two for him.
One for pardala and five or six for cadete.
You can hit as far as three kilometers.
A bullet in the brain. Any particular reason
One to yourself, or two to him.
Dead.
A shot to the head is efficient.
Plugged him, just whacked him.
I just want to blow her brains all over the wall
And one shot through the heart.
One's enough. He say what he's looking for?
One proved to be enough.
One shot and you go down like a sack of potatoes.
I didn't hit him once?
And nothing happened. He didn't hit nothing.
Never pulled the trigger. Not once. You?
The shit ain’t even been fired.
Not a round.
Delko: one shot, random location,
One dart, and he was down.
And a 25 - millimeter cannon, which means it can take out anything short of a battleship.
A 747, General? That's right, captain.
Tell them we have a 767 on approach no longer under our control!
We very much need you to be on it.
Bogey, my right - one. In the soup at 45. Committing.
An aircraft of undeclared origin
An aircraft of undeclared origin crashed in the Brooks mountain range of Alaska.
A humanitarian relief plane landed near our village.
A Lufthansa jet was hijacked coming from Damascus.
We got an American 77 out of dulles, lost the transponder.
We got the one going west out of Boston, and American 11 coming into Washington.
It's a 757 out of Boston to lax
A flight left Salt Lake City, three days after the contagion was identified.
A flight from New York to Phoenix was grounded
Where a pan American flight out of JFK has crashed.
We got the one going west out of Boston, and American 1 1 coming into Washington.
Fucking helicopter crashed into the roof, man.
A space shuttle voyaging like Columbus
On a dirt runway in a $60 million plane?
A Huey went down off the coast of the Philippines.
A reconnaissance plane has spotted a destroyer,
Just a quick scout.
A spotter plane goes up to see if it can locate where she has landed.
One jumbo jet with full gas tank and pilots at JFK, parked at the end of runway.
A light chopper? You'll never catch me in that.
Six - pound gun.
Military aircraft or cargo jet
One military transport plane, fully fueled, with permission for nighttime city over flight;
A roller coaster that splashes into water - wow!
A rogue fighter has - I see it.
A jet with a full tank. Destination to be confirmed once I'm on board.
and pilots at JFK, parked at the end of runway.
And pilots at JFK, parked at the end of runway.
A charter plane crashed in new Jersey this morning, killing everyone on board.
Charter plane was forced into an emergency landing
A crusader to make a photo run over Pearl and put two tomcats on ready alert.
An Indian airplane was hijacked and flown to Afghanistan.
An Indian airplane was hijacked and flown to Afghanistan.
A Vatican jet is standing by 20 minutes from here.
One to Aspen, two to Vegas,
A twin - engine plane
Chartered plane leaving for Transylvania. Will keep in touch. Jeffrey Garth.
Okay. We had an aircraft at 35,000 feet westbound.
A jet?
Intergalactic doom freighter
An airplane that challenges a mountain for sheer size.
About a hijacking aboard a diplomatic flight.
As it plowed into the Pentagon.
A big helicopter came flyin 'through.
A grand piano
A grand piano 
Big airplane just dropped 'em out of the sky.
A spacecraft.
An out - of - control crop duster crashed headfirst into the broad view
An out - of - control crop duster crashed headfirst
One of our missing Raptors jumped into dradis range.
One's good, two need ammo, one needs fuel.
A crib, toys, layette - it was all for the baby.
Behind a rack of winter coats. She got bored.
A plane has crashed into one of the towers of the world trade center
An aircraft in trouble began shedding parts
A small jet plane
A small commuter jet went down in the eastern sierras.
A small recreational plane
A light aircraft took off on a sightseeing trip.
A small plane? Is that confirmed? When I lost any sign of.
A small plane went into the world trade center.
A small plane went into the world trade center.
A small plane? Is that confirmed? 
A brownie camera,
A helicopter with winching equipment possibly two
A phantom jet strayed over the cordoned area around piedmont.
A Convair 880 twin jet?
That the Sao Paulo bound 767.
A German fighter had shot us down.
A German Zeppelin is on its way to bomb Paris.
Heinkel, three - second burst.
An air force jet.
Right now I got a renegade airplane.
A strategic bomber, capable of knocking out a small city.
One of the pilots following air force one managed to get a visual of the fighter used.
The plane he had been rejected from crashed in Kansas city.
Like an airplane with a forward and rear wing
To the owner of a Boeing 707 with California plates parked on the road.
It's one after the other.
One after the other hit the world trade center.
One the Pentagon.
A single enemy recon drone approaches, sir.
An enemy plane,
A new fucking digital camera.
A news chopper spotted a body out near riverside.
A tour helicopter spotted her around 4 pm.
If one drone is here, more will come.
A drone picked up voiceprints in the Indus valley.
A predator's heading toward us.
A consteiiation crashed outside reading, Pennsyivania.
It was flight 131 out of Chicago.
With the linear program is behind me.
A killing machine - incapable of remorse, compassion, love.
One single fusion reactor is capable of generating power for the entire facility.
A helicopter gunship opened fire on an estate
There's a float plane crash in Harris Bay,
An aircraft, without the approach light,
A 747 just blew up over the Mojave desert.
A 757 went down in the sound.
A navy Hawkeye picked up his transmission
A coast guard chopper should be there in 45.
One bandit on the deck and inbound.
A properly steam - cleaned piano is key to any successful music group.
Of a yacht, a small farm in France and a flat on a canal.
There's a gulf stream jet standing by at JFK.
A gulfstream is waiting at the Reagan national airport
To give me a scooter.
A plane full of strangers?
A helicopter for fire protection. Upgrade our team to the 1st division!
A specially modified zero - G Boeing 727 aircraft.
A special microlight has been shipped from France
A toy helicopter?
We got a flight out of Hamburg.
An experimental prototype powered by the green energy itself.
So how could an elevator drive itself?
A HELICO... A helicopter.
A helicopter,
A Helo's going to meet you at the LZ. You've got 72 hours.
A helicopter just landed a block away.
And a helicopter up on top.
A helicopter careening out of control, headed toward certain tragedy.
A helicopter lost altitude, veered into a tunnel.
A helicopter plucked me out of the Adriatic.
There's a helicopter waiting for us at the East Hampton airport
A helicopter is waiting for him on the roof that will be taking him to a ship.
A chopper crash - landed, with one man seriously wounded.
And a helicopter flying real low, pointing a machine gun at us.
'a helicopter a yacht and a vast mansion.'
I've got a helicopter approaching out of the North.
A helicopter. He said that.
We get a helicopter here, it lands on the roof.
We've got a Helo down just outside the quarantine area.
We got a chopper down on the pad now.
A camera.
A real, live, honest - to - goodness spaceship
One of the dock's freight helicopters.
A private jet with a pilot,
A private helicopter took off from the west 30th street heliport last night with three men inside,
We've got a charter aircraft
An air force plane has gone missing.
One MIG, 12 o'clock high! One MIG, 12 o'clock high!
And a jolly red sleigh flew down to the earth like a bird!
A cable car. Take it down.
As U.S. Drones bombed key military installations,
It's about air America flight that crashed in the Appalachian mountains.
It's an old piano and a whole bunch of garbage.
An airplane with the ability to fly into the sub stratosphere across the country.
A new biplane for six people and a veteran pilot for our guests.
A self defense forces combat helicopter?
A... Space shuttle
A Cessna would have bounced off that. Look at the size of that hole!
A proton cruiser?
You've got a Cylon Raider comin 'right at you.
It's a Beechcraft - used to smuggle heroin.
A smuggler's plane, even without a transponder, has a chance of being seen.
A construction crane plummeted 8 stories
A crane fell.
A grand soaring jet carrying us through the sky,
And a microlite was constantly searching,
A private jet with five passengers on board reported horizontal stabilizer trouble
From company headquarters in Los Angeles one hour ago.
Just one. Out of how many ordered?
But the most enormous pianoforte addressed to Jane Fairfax?
A secret super-fast unmanned military drone weapon.
Wilburt doesn't give a fuck. Nobody gives a shit about us.
So far zero. But you don’t do too much shooting sitting behind
One heavy Raider.
A piano?
A piano and a treasured portrait.
In my living room last night.
One to Aspen, two to Vegas, and one with a flight plan to Geneva.
A plane.
It's a plane,
A plane, a boat, a flying city.
In sticks of 12 jumpers per aircraft.
With a passenger named cam Wexler boarded yet?
So a plane full of people are dead.
Like an airplane?
Make sure not a single plane leaves the ground
One plane will fall from the sky,
A plane fell out of the sky?
Reporter: it was a plane that crashed at the Pentagon.
A plane just crashed into the world trade center.
A helicopter that seated only four. Right.
A plane blows up on the other side of the planet,
A plane crashed seven hours ago. Did you see it?
Over the Brooks range in Alaska.
That an aircraft came down last night in rural Arkansas.
A airplane crash,
Our plane crashed.
There was a plane crash.
An airplane is gonna fall out of the sky,
One hostage for the jet.
A plane fell on my head. Yeah, I'll be on your head.
A plane goes down in the middle of the ocean, there's no wreckage, who's gonna find us?
An aeroplane to come and collect you.
That a plane has crashed into one of the towers of the world trade center.
Has crashed into one of the towers of the world trade center.
A plane crashed into the tower.
How ludicrous did crashing a plane into a building sound on September 10th 2001?
From crashing into the president's compound.
That plane crashed into the world trade center.
That a plane crashed into world trade center one.
An aircraft enters the funnel zone.
A plane went straight into a building, right there, into the side.
And a plane with a clear flight path to Switzerland.
I have a plane to fly.
An airplane landed below here. Did you hear it?
A tap airplane is intercepted by a group of antifascist revolutionaries
A plane, a suitcase full of money?
There's not one more plane? There was one,
That a spaceship crashed on his property.
A black hawk went downin Iraq.
It was a black hawk.
A black hawk went down in Iraq.
An asphalt shovel?
With the rest of the kewpie dolls.
A closet full of $6,000 suits,
He gets results.
And something she saw apparently upset her.
And you found out that Stan fields had a gambling problem. Water.
Let's find out.
Our involvement in this ended
Call me as soon as you get an I. D. That I will.
Thank you. When the rubble was cleared.
To get to the bottom of this.
Tell me as soon as you know.
One, that Charles is regressing.
Well, the second they find something out about your identity, I'm gonna come tell you.
Completely lost it working on a case.
Blue steel, gentlemen.
cock push - ups and the power slide 
Ln one incense's time. Save lyre and get out of here.
Put it on a map and it becomes real
What part does an 80 - year - old, 15 - story building play
It 'snot like that, Tong. Do you really want to hnowt
Exactly none.
A residential building on fire.
A house of secrets.
I'm looking at an apartment building,
An office building, a vent.
A mansion.
In a villa.
A villa would be nice.
An office building, a high - powered rifle.
A building where only two apartments were occupied.
A house in Kay tap square.
One in l. A. And one in the computer - oriented Seattle.
A house... On a desert Island.
In Brighton.
A mile from the rehab center.
An enchanting oasis of tranquility in a quiet English Hamlet,
A house with a roof falling in.
In Worcester, Massachusetts.
A house in the burbs, video games, two kids to raise and a.
And sliced open in an abandoned building
An abandoned tenement building 
It's an abandoned building.
How often does a building use their fire hose?
What is the expression of a building?
A building. You know what?
A house and the land it takes two oxen two days to plow,
One house is like a home for fifty.
E longer they stand vacant, the higher the chance
One gun in the house is enough, thank you.
Into the side of a building,
In a government subsidized building
In a government subsidized building
A new house.
This is some old house. I haven’t been outside.
At the sunflower apartments in Jacksonville,
Next to a rational one, an irrational one.
There's this house with many windows.
A little white house with a red door and, don’t laugh,
Look, under the one building, there's another.
A lovely villa
You have a beautiful house and happy kids
A parsonage of no mean size.
Fucking building.
One empty building. You never anticipated a murder.
A finished house, for one thing.
6 hours, and 19 minutes old,
A mortgage. A minivan.
A house of loose ethics.
A simple house with nice floors.
Here on park Avenue.
Field, uh
Only one occupant per stall.
In a pen with a herd of real sheep.
Plant by plant.
One plant, one sandwich.
A one - armed cactus.
A fir tree knocked down by strong winds has decayed on the ground
A small, sweet, crocus.
And the small trees on their uncoloured slope
With one messload ragweed, stir in alcohol -
A palm tree, which promptly died,
As a house plant?
A plant? Someone almost burned down the doom rooms to steal shrubbery.
A plant? It's just a plant.
A subtle alteration of how a plant looked
A poison vine, I had never seen before.
A Bush.
Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die,
A plant. I don’t need a plant.
A magic rose blossomed every night that made whoever plucked it immortal.
One seedling... Annie, tell him.
A tank bromeliad,
A naturally occurring anthrax mutation.
Of creating a genetically modified plant? Yes, you are.
A Rafflesia Arnoldii. Incredibly rare.
as anyone else
I'll just take 'em both.
The same thing... A whiskey.
Likewise.
One step at a time.
Exactly the same,
From one guinea pig to another, I think I'll pass.
Go to court, argue cases,
Same thing. No, it isn't.
Yeah, it is. - no, it's not.
Don’t even know is affecting them.
I wouldn’t let you go.
He'll leave you
Still worthless!
Is none of my business either?
Same thing. No, it's not.
Exactly as she left them.
Still not about you.
Is almost as unattractive as being a little brownnoser.
Same cmitment issues.
The same. But I don’t say it out loud lest someone get the wrong idea.
An item?
One perfect thing - a silver bullet,
What is it that you can keep
How can you have more of a thing than the whole thing?
Something. - what is it, April?
It's a thing. Is it?
One item, whether it's a fruit,
Something to spread the Mayo.
That I need the most - discretion.
The same. Two punches.
If it wasn't stopped.
That rival if not outshine your own.
Nothing's falling in line!
As you are on the dance floor?
To change a girl's mind.
Same story: also not at home. Parents don’t know where they are.
Both would suit me.
If you hold back,
If you hold back, you get shot.
Will almost kill her,
Spread thin? Yes.
I get a copy.
Same here, I got hooked, onto young - JAK,
Have it. Got it.
Nothing's missing.
Not a thing. You can see from up there.
To the way it was?
Got that, too.
Same thing. Deliver the galaxy.
Same. What? Why?
I have no more prospect
Of kindness and goodness.
The same. We're really on today.
Something he didn't have last time.
That way he figures he gets us both.
Still, it's 600.
Something that he really, really wanted.
The very thing he'd wanted me to give up:
Something he wanted desperately.
Equally formidable, working in lockstep?
And powerful as his predecessor.
And he will stop at nothing in his attempted flight.
We will also do our best
We lose more hostages anyway. The last incident proves it.
Will kill us and take your dragons.
And they'll be executed.
Something that would force her family
Would be the envy of all my friends.
He'll just do the same to you.
Just like little boys.
Same. Well, not with Joe. With your mam.
Same thing, it'll take a bit longer.
The same way, only they'd have used penicillin, since penicillamine haven’t been developed yet.
The same. You the same. I'll have burger and fries.
Even still, you bastard!
The same, all of you! Wimps, cowards.
That too. You'll see, Claire.
Something that you have got
Mix 'em both half and half and drink twice as much.
Like a dead body
The same stupid grin.
Just as dorky as Jim.
Like a puppet himself.
Same little ass - wipe shit - for - brains everywhere.
It is just as evil for certain.
As the day that I bought them.
Got away clean too.
It's detention.
What with the diary, you know?
It won’t take the pain away.
Still. A few days become a few weeks and then come the lovers.
Had a few problems ourselves. Some figures didn't add up.
Like I said, don’t touch his eye.
Could get divorced.
The same one - in - a - million - type charisma, yes?
As the criminals are.
Same basic size.
Just like everybody else.
One take - home point,
Will be a whole lot worse.
You may join my army to prove your loyalty.
Could be as exciting or even more so than with someone from his own sex.
And I would still beat you.
Of something that could bring her down.
A talisman against the plague.
Both feed ourselves
Something that could change the course of the world.
You can give me a call, too.
Is just as likely to get a guy killed?
Which is just as pathetic.
Just as lovely, too.
Equally ridiculous. Let's go.
Oh, is it? Look at this.
Yeah? When you feel the blood rush in,
Same. That's a great, great choice.
Come to you?
Still, man, you on vacation and not bringing me with you.
Again, he wouldn't. What if he did?
Still - I torched, he vanished.
Same thing, though - American cattle, department of agriculture.
Either way, you're standing around waiting.
Same difference. I rule, yes? - yes, your Highness.
Same story. Different versions. And all are true
Same story, different versions, and all are true.
I mean, come on, you had feelings for somebody.
Whatever, we need to get his... Kind of an important distinction.
Same fucking thing. No answer!
Yeah, same thing, install.
For someone who I just met this morning.
L `m hot different, l have my friends
As everyone that isn't different.
Same. Catching up before another round of... Interviews.
With Tennessee home to more than just country music.
You have the same fights.
Also doped up on sedatives.
And love of Bauer pottery.
In which I created it.
Of preserving the sanctity of marriage as the next guy,
To do the same.
Like the book shows?
A military - grade encrypted radio.
Same. I took a scuba - diving course over the summer,
More favorable if he'd done some training,
As there are people on the planet.
Same size, could have been the same person twice.
Same as you. Every day they have to convince her she's a cow.
As any other student.
Great.
Both! This is awesome!
Depressed like that, and going mad.
Who dressed up as funny as you do.
Fly like the wind
Same... Hating me and loving pink or rink or dink. Whatever his name is.
Something she treasured.
To one perfect thing - a silver bullet,
One good thing. And that's you.
Is it still as good?
We'll still have fun.
Works just as good, but it's free.
Same as before. All right.
Who do not even want to be as good as you do.
Same boyish grin, frame.
Again, it 's.
Sounds really safe,
Or a bowl of pudding.
Right the same. Exactly the same.
Offered to all denzins of Mongo.
Scared as anybody else except I could think.
The same, right?.
Something very small that has changed your world in a very significant way.
Same town, big changes.
The same sarcastic attitude.
I want the same, except make mine diet cokes, Chuck.
As there are residents on the island.
Same.30 minutes out.
Once again, Bach new ideas; Stravinsky no change.
Same result, but, you know, you should root for it.
Ditto on that, sir. Cheers.
like insipid pulses
Left home, is that why you're going to do this?
That's linked to the ransom money,
I'll get you churros and hot chocolate for dessert.
Again, calls for speculation.
Like an elastic band.
It still hurts.
Was the difference between something really scary.
Something very big.
Also weird.
The same... Nice.
It's still hot.
Same thing, probably.
Great as usual. The squad loves my new routine.
So beautiful. Yeah, I know.
Something real important.
Also really cool.
About something important:
Good to see you too!
Still, you've got to get off the roof.
Like the rest of your kind.
As he was 15 years ago, maybe even angrier.
Same weird phrase.
The same? Well, yeah.
As the rest of you.
For your rehab center.
As well, I 
Yeah, and I totally agree.
No, me neither, me neither.
Something I never had before:
So are we. We need to talk.
Same thing. We're just friends.
Same. We gotta replace these guys with what we have exist.
It's just the same. We're talking 50, 60, men against your what?
Same. Are we about through here?
Same as ever - I just want that file.
Something I should have sent her a long time ago.
Yeah. I got some rage.
Yeah, I've got two.
Same here! My dad too doesn't hold your dad in high esteem.
A certain item I'm convinced you possess.
Same here, I know
Still, I was patronizing and pompous.
Again, I was prohibited from doing so.
Yeah. - I hate the debates.
The same. I'll have some pie - some of that lemon meringue pie.
Same thing. I'm famous, people know me
Same? Me black.
Uh, same, or, uh, a killer whale.
Like you was dog shit.
With the Treasury at the Kremlin.
A mere bauble to jog the memory.
Same, good.
A dead Augie Gorman as a live one.
Well, I do one then the other.
Inseminated as well.
Like everyone else?
It was 66 years, five months and 33 days exactly.
it seems to vary,
As much of a man as penny.
You are still a big mouth.
Bingo - June.
We should take care of this rebel too.
He's always on the road.
Large caliber, too.
Just as delicious as Thanksgiving,
Every bit.
You can get bullets
We're still learning, we're still failing
Right down to the tear in the left - hand pocket.
Same Mr. D who's head of tech services, am I right?
Their family members have been chiefs
And you die all the same
Same dog but I'm and in this we agree.
It's still a gift.
It's still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
I'll bring you bean cube pudding, too!
It'll also mark yuan Wei security Bureau's success
Or maybe you'd prefer dumplings
Same thing, 9:48 p. M.
One of our greatest things we're gonna always have.
The same ordinary name.
It could feasibly happen.
It has the same basic rules. Like gravity.
As well as showing, uh.
And the same sense of humor, for that matter.
The same. Heartbeat but no breath.
It's got rooms and walls and ceilings.
Supportive and caring.
He's just as viable, just as healthy.
Same dippy dad with... Great hair.
As any of these little skanky girls!
That would be just as tastel. Just something to show he has our support.
Like a sheep?
So one of each, then?
I'll take one of each.
At a Catholic church. Stop whining. You owe me.
Same, meet me.
In my mouth.
Same here. - that's right.
He also died in the cave
Same fucking bathtub.
We're as good as dead anyway.
It's women's wages, too.
Which is? Nobody knows.
Nothing. Attila always brings something.
That's not going through either.
Also inefficient, and might be loud.
Same shit. Nothing new.
Just as useless.
Again, same problem. Plus, he was a fucking idiot.
Again. Right, right, cankers.
Same story.
And memorable as anyone else 's.
And the Rubik's cube.
The same crinkly eyes. - same darkly evil soul,
The same shit.
Like mine.
Rains down on your body.
As usual, so I got in a cab to go to the airport,
The same dank smell, the same gloomy light.
With Dan right now, it is his college tuition. - okay, but how do we even gonna know she's gonna show up?
Same whiny story over and over for.
Like you loved that girl?
With an edgy, TMZ spin.
Usual tyranny. But he seems scared.
Kinky, as well.
The very same.
The same one. The same?
It's the same thing. Is it?
And again, and again, and again.
Same thing. No, it ain't.
Both come in undefeated.
That we used to inject Harry.
Same silks, same goggles, same as the day he died.
Same again, sir? Please, Lionel
The same smell of soil of earth gone to earth
Same cleavage.
They're even. They're fine.
The same thing?
People have different translations for things.
It happened to us the same way.
Same thing that happened to mine.
I told him the same thing I told his father
It's the same thing. Ellis and Alex aren't even close.
Same people, same parties.
We're payin 'the same labor for half the tonnage.
Same scum, different wardrobe.
Same characters, same story, new flava.
And what's that?
The same as what, sir?
Same thing! He was jogging.
Same ritual?
The same price. What do you say?
The same mission could be met with disaster.
The same, but, you know,
In the same place.
Same build, same complexion.
Same temperature and everything,
Same tools.
Same Mo. Found a couple business cards
Same M.O.
Same M.O.? No.
Same exact M.O. Power and phone lines were cut,
Same M.O. Too.
Just like? You know, especially since I'm wearing mom's dress.
The same? You can eat a lot.
For some, the retention of the seed is the fulfillment of chastity,
And look, the same devilish pride.
The same park, the same trees,
As all fighting hurts.
The same resolution, the same audacity.
What? Same weapon? Same scrunchie.
Same type of weapon. Bodies posed the same way.
Same knife, different victim.
Same cuts. Same crazy.
Same dosage?
It's the same prefix.
Same to same situation.
The same old screenplay.
Same hurricane different landfall.
Same chemical accelerant, same point of origin.
Working just as hard, not even breaking a sweat.
The same wrapping paper,
It may explode in hand anytime
Same reason.
Same principle. Except let's say the students
Same sick fuck. Two different killings.
Nothing. If anything, it fits better.
The same. Similar.
The same. Only what he said in the interviews.
The same thing, so shall we?
Just as charming and just as fake.
Same number.
Same name, same degree, same photo, but a different guy
The same name and the same looks.
Identical? - the instruments doubling the voices.
Same smell
Same smell, same bottle, same box.
Same lip bite. She does it every time she talks about that study.
Same bite marks.
Which one leaves late her
Same shade of lipstick.
Yes, it is. - no, it's not!
It's the same thing. And me becoming the dragon warrior
Same lips.
I've had the same nightmares.
Same symbol.
Same drawing, right?
Same address? What other guys?
That you bring to the Robert's case?
Same model, same paint.
Same ambush technique. No struggle.
It has the same basic rules. Rules like gravity.
The same wallpaper. That's crazy.
Right over the edge.
Same coffee takeout.
Big tits.
Same swollen belly
The same natural - born leader tendency,
Same hair, same suit, same shoes.
It's the same hyperbole.
Same jackets, even the same shoes.
Just the same, she wants me to be there.
Same thing. And she took her top off.
The same boy. This same boy
Any more kids?
Same buzz. They get paid to gamble.
Just the same, it'll keep you.
Same routine.
Folks.
Same width, same circular pattern.
Ride him like he's a little kid.
Scream the same, and die the same.
Same thing. Just to say hey.
Right size, right shape.
Same goddamn thing, huh? Yeah.
Same stock,
It's the same hat.
Same age and face, but black hair.
Same age, brunette, petite.
Same age, same build?
She's the same age, the same physical type.
Identical bed sheet, hangman's knot.
Same crap, different iteration.
Same build, same coloring. The counter's faster than last time.
Same BS with the paper rose.
Both come in strong.
It's the same one. Same shape.
Same shape, size, color.
With somebody who's talking about a traumatic experience.
And her mind.
No, there isn't. Sex is the only way
It's the same thing. Just needs your John Hancock, rusty.
Same setup: shooters and a getaway vehicle.
Perfect match.
Equally.
Same inexplicable urge to take human beings apart.
Different words for the same thing.
From the guy working at the deli downstairs.
To making your case.
Feels the same, smells the same.
Same group, different night.
Same environment, same parents 
Routine? I bench press refrigerators, honey.
All the same, I'd like to think I did it for the right reasons.
What's with the same ring?
Same hand, only this one's missing some fingers.
Same phones.
Look, same crime ,21 St century tools.
Same M.O., same dump site.
Same method. He held the gun, she collected the diamonds.
Killed the same way. That makes you our number one guy. - or number two, I'd say.
It's the same pattern. I'll explain when you get here.
Same deal. The door was locked. The alarm was on.
Matching outfits.
You are. Admit it.
Like anything less than a client.
The same thing, please.
Same carts, same amount of items. Different totals.
Same story with an entirely different spin.
Same speech, different outcome.
Affluent families. - yes.
The same. The whole science department orders in bulk.
Same groom.
The same way.
The same way they all do. Marry up.
Same date, same time.
Same oid pictures. The same oid photos.
Same old pictures. The same old photos
It has its moments. Good hours?
Same time, huh?
It's the same configuration.
Same thing, right?
The same thing - hang out with old guys, you're gonna look good.
Identical in that they both tested the effects of cannabis on m. S.
It's the same in that my opinion never seems
It's the same. Yeah.
Same microscopes, same dead frogs,
The same intensity.
One and the same mechanism is located inside each of them 
The same stuff, right? I'll take care of it.
Same logo.
Identical uniforms?
Identical uniforms? Is that kind of a tip - off?
Same desks, same light fixtures.
We do.
The same deceit.
Same song? Ls that the same song?
It's the same routine, the same meal.
The same crude, arrogant letch
Same drugs.
Okay. Same dealer, same equipment.
It's the same stain,
Repeated without interruption, the same vicissitudes,
It's the same handwriting.
Same message - sit and wait.
Same bruising, same indications. Only they're dead.
Same detergents, same disinfectants, same scum.
Same stain, same clothes... Same guy. Nice.
Her spirit.
When the dinosaurs were extinct.
The same picture. The same magazine.
The same hunger.
Just as fun - lovin 'but maybe not quite as free wheelin'.
The same make, the same amount of wear.
Same label, same everything.
Same brand. Mm - hmm. Yeah.
Same signature, Mo.
Same M.O., same tool.
Same shit, different day, huh, rabbit?
Same glass,
And principles as Omar Hassan
And for the same reason,
The same story. Sorry,
Same kind of bottle.
That my sister named him anfernee.
Same bruise pattern.
To have a savior who looks like Kenny G?
The same... The white orchids.
Same skin.
It was mutual. Quite a shock.
Same eyes.
The same eyes, the same face.
The same eyes. The same nose. The same face.
Matching glasses, matching opinions.
Same text message.
The same message at the same time.
Same shit, different file.
Same chip
The same social circle, but, uh,
Dressed the same. Both in Vegas the same time.
Same smile,
Doll with an aggressive handshake?
The same handwriting, it's strange.
Same handwriting.
That's the same handwriting.
The same handwriting?
It's the same thing, you Drongo!
Same basic principle.
Of the androctonus crassicauda, but the size and coloring
Same train wreck.
Same red flannel.
Same paper.
He had that.
Same wire, same length. Identical.
As one
But with the same result.
Same result, but, you know,
Same result - she's normal.
Same chink
The same Robel?
Just as beautiful.
Beautiful just like her.
With my American looking face!
Same old Henry. Afraid of your own shadow.
Up to pretty much the same old thing. Even Arctor?
Same old story - kill your wife for the money.
It's identical, boss.
Same old little punk - ass, East St. Louis crackhead.
Same old boobs and boozehounds.
Same earlobes, and you both have the same tell before you lie.
Same ears,
They got the same mind.
You know, same background checks, psych profiles.
Identical beard, similar clothes.
Same chest wound?
Same talents, same tricks.
The same weakness.
Same melon, same memories.
Same boots,
Same faces and different names.
Diglish dung to us.
Same flight. We'll take two tickets.
Same markings, same moo.
Same markings, same moo. That night, we - we ate like kings. Okay, I've told it before.
And they were that same white.
The desolation, the damage is exactly the same
Same drug, lower dose.
Same menu, same framed posters,
The same... Blue - GRE.
The same... Blue - GRE. And her smile is.
Same etchings?
That formed here, on this ice shelf in Antarctica.
As the other people you're conning?
The same V could affect you in a whole other way.
Same. Blood... Work.
Same activity, same results.
Baby I know that,
Same watch.
Same face, no sound.
And their behavior to imitate their targets -
The same outfit? The exact same outfit.
Same brown flesh
It's the same principle.
Given the same rules, using the same equipment, who was the greatest?
Same memories, same thoughts, same everything,
Same design, the same.
The same thing again.
The same words?
Same thing, you know?
The brutal honesty, the sardonic wit, and the appetite for hooch?
Same thing. Open it.
Same notes.
Same, please. Okay, great.
The same again. Thank you, boss.
Same size, and nothing less than perfect.
Same build, same looks, a few nips and tucks.
Same height, same weight,
All the same height, same build.
Exact height and weight.
Same car.
Stolen car. Same Mo. Same technique.
Same vehicle, power's good.
Same software.
Fellow sinners. What will the village say?
It's the same thing. These traders don’t exist.
The same, it is a cruel and realistic world
The same logic. You're talking economics.
Well, nothing's changed.
Like God showed with your teeth.
The same reason they wanna get to any of us.
That's why I'm going tomorrow to look at snow blowers.
Is still sharp in the fifth year of war!
The same poste restante address in Bavaria,
The same. Always the same.
We're the same. Everyone's just gathering Intel.
Again, blunt trauma to the head to incapacitate the victim.
On the same railway track. With a suicide note that is just as fake.
I'm not about to make the same mistake twice.
You can get a shawl and a chamois in the same aisle.
Question stands.
The same... Issues.
How many times in a row can you ask me the same question?
Are you gonna keep asking me questions that all mean the same thing?
There was a storm, just like this one, and she left me.
Again, very beautiful.
Same shoes, matching outfits.
The same music, the same kids, the same heartbreak.
Same notes. Exactly the same rhythm. I think this is his music.
The same notes.
It's the same tie.
As the bridge device, we can set up a network.
It's the same color as.
Same colour, same shape.
Same color. Yeah. And it's the same color.
Same cheekbones, same sideburns, same perfectly messy hairdo.
Do you have this view?
Same perfume.
Same fracture, same location.
This same skull, sir, was Yorick's skull.
Same dark eyes, same cheekbones, nose, mouth.
The same trunk. Same tail and the same construction.
Would believe in miracles.
The very same, yeah. Friend of the worker.
A farewell gift.
Like that, he was gone.
Where it counts.
As this Christmas. This Christmas.
Without the crying. Actually, it did feel pretty good.
Same junk, to another place.
As pure as the Aryans, but now Judaism
Same deal. So we're nowhere.
An incredible weapon
Than finding the end of the world.
Same rare blood type.
Same price
Released on lack of evidence again.
The same pretty face,
Beautiful as ever. Thank you.
Same old shit.
And intelligent as yourself.
And intelligent, like yourself.
In the streets of the capital.
As much as those that come from malice.
Without being a jerk.
'cause you didn't have any of that, and yet that performance was outstanding.
Something that could pick the terrorists
They can kill also
We are gonna kick this test's ass.
Fought as feebly as you.
No head.
Or a rock.
In the same funk I discarded my underwear, though about three weeks ago
As anything else here.
Provided you have the little luxunes.
Same fruited wings
Pretty much evaporated after you curled up at our feet
In that piece of granite you call a head. - give it back!
I am shifted to another post.
And the unremarkable alike.
You'll share the punishment. I 'll take it all.
You still need to fill the form out, sir. Really?
Oh, we need to get fingerprinted, too.
Because we 'II just end up with the same problems!
Same goddamn names in the same goddamn order.
Meddlers, orm. They're in my way.
That same fucking stomachache, I thought I was over that!
Tell me everything's gonna be OK, but it's not, and I know it.
You, too, inspector.
Same, please. Go, go now.
Oh, um, same, please.
Same, please.
On another world that was barren like this.
Oh, up, down.
As you can from a spy in burbank.
And provocative as one could hope for.
When you were looking through my eyes,
Bitching as usual.
And I got you a transporter, too!
There is nothing you can explain.
As well as two dozen other ingredients.
They're the same. What does that mean?
And joining the army.
And blind.
Still y to everyone.
Both of them were struck by an accident
They can pray their way out of a tsunami.
The same. That's my favorite drink.
It's the same. It's the same.
It's just not working.
And resign yourself to the influences of each.
Nothing? Fine.
They get just as dead, don’t they?
Red is red, miss Janacek.
A bit of both?
Same. Everything's fine.
None of those.
None of them. Man, you must have a lot of room in that place of yours.
You can shine no matter what you're made of.
We go to work, get off work, shop
It's going up.
Cool, tough
Of course, release.
It's just as important.
Exactly the same! I know! That's so weird.
As a photograph of oxygen to a drowning man.
They bear the mandate,
Of narcotics that your husband has so generously procured
Yeah, same. Sure thing, hon.
He's arrogant.
Both. All right, got it.
Same darkly evil soul, who left you standing alone at the altar.
And as reckless as before.
Something yellow.
Twelve meters of rope strong enough to support a man.
500 each. - for a cigar?
By an inch - and - a - half solid wood pole
They broke his fingers one by one.
One hair of nonhuman origin, scale matches cynocephalus Maimon.
Peter: a filament? What kind of filament?
Not a strand is missing.
Can't think of anything.
Not a single one.
So a five inch needle being driven up the length of the finger.
A twisted rope is strongest, a twisted eyesight, deepest
A single human Capillus.
A what? - you know what? I got a perfect thing.
A chili cheese fry that fell out of the basket.
A fuse blew.
To have a six - foot - long hose
An icicle fell and stuck into the top of his head.
There's still a missing Fab lolly to consider!
A popsicle stick?
One gelato too many.
A severed finger, a million bucks.
A vessel broke and killed him.
A medical tube, saving his life.
He wasn’t hurt from the falling pole,
A Cuban cigar.
One as spare, one for the stool
A straw?
Let's say a lemon verbena peace candle they might have used for mediation,
One on the rug at the Kensington place, the other one actually inside the dill worth safe.
A silicon strand is lowered from the ceiling,
A silken strand is lowered from the ceiling
A silken strand is lowered from the ceiling alongside hundreds of others.
A plastic tube get jammed down their throats.
Thumbs - up for self-realization there, bones.
Under the floor and a big pipe where refuse comes from the toilets
A large knockwurst, potato chips.
A joint. Huh.
A missing walking stick?
A hair?
It's a hair.
It's a hair.
A hair, a piece of clothing.
A piece of hair, saliva, a partial fragment of a fingerprint.
A hair? Yes.
I can’t have a hair, cuticle, or pore out of place.
Not even a single strand.
Not a hair on his head, you understand me?
A hair, some mud from shoes, but I never heard back.
A lasso. I whip it up.
An old telephone pole she always stared at
A house beam.
One hair stands up on the back of my head, it's over.
A stick that causes earthquakes?
But a tube that shoots into the air strains credulity?
The little prick would've done me too.
A little hair? Do you think that makes it better?
A single green vine shoot is able to grow through cement.
That's a tiny schmeckel. Yeah?
The little prick insults the Duke.
A pinky! That's it?
Such a slender thread.
One, if it were long enough.
One feather? Yeah.
A hundred bucks a pop - and when you couple it
Or stuntman preparing to receive the blow.
Go get me a chocolate bar!
A hunk of meat and bone
One that was strong enough for weaving.
One is easy to break
A rather heavy walking stick.
Small one.
A strand of Linguini transfers from her body to his.
A stupid recharging cattle prod.
A bar of what I'm not quite sure.
The flat matches.
With an artisanal salami.
A finger strays.
One finger, two shoulders and a brain. That's all I have, Barry.
One finger, two shoulders and a brain. That’s all I have, Barry.
Not a finger!
And lift a freight train with one finger.
One finger on the edge of the cliff.
It's just a finger.
A walking stick, a peace pipe maybe.
A single cane, back straight as an arrow.
Without liftin 'a finger.
A lightbulb - changing kit?
A tire iron? No, no, no.
One by one, beginning with the forefinger?
Can you excuse a pole for filling a hole?
A power cord to nowhere.
Greg: a power cord to nowhere.
One is human, and two are from a dog.
One is passionate, the other's reserved.
A hockey stick? Part of one.
An anal - retentive prick.
One of the concentrical pillars facing East exhibits two other symbols at chest level.
A 2x4? A hammer? Hockey stick?
With a stake through his heart.
Juicy, lime popsicle,
A tree branch broke my bedroom window.
A tree branch broke grandpa
A tree branch fell down on our car.
Out of their head one by one.
The floating logs were dragged up stream.
A little thread will fix you up and we've got plenty as you see
One toe at a time.
A planted hair,
One's the stick.
One's the stick. One looks liken emergency brake.
You'd need more than a stick.
How about a stick?
Even a stick is used as a substitute for prey.
A baguette, garlic bread... It's 6 dollars.
A baseball bat.
A brown hair
A brown hair with a follicular tag.
I got a hair.
One hair, one root.
Don’t you move a hair on your head!
And just have a horizontal bar and hang it,
I'd never hurt a hair on his pretty head.
And a crutch without an owner.
One dries up, one gets lost, I have one left.
A fried unicorn horn has all the nutrients
A waterlogged stick will do just fine.
A ski pole or some shit, and for the next two hours
A piling had broken free and drifted out into the lake,
A candle to inspire good thoughts and the hope that
A gray one.
One catches the drapes.
A smoke? Sure.
A cigarette never tasted like that, you know? Share a cigarette with your lover.
By the time a cigarette burns through.
A turkey baster
A toothpick from afar.
A piece of a toothpick? Silver splinter.
A master cable of unique design and purpose.
Then a corn cob fell out of his left pant leg.
If you actually used a bat.
And a licorice wand.
A birthday candle can be used as a three - minute fuse allowing the arsonist to flee before a fire.
A TV aerial.
A telephone cable and a bag of used diapers.
All it takes is one wire down.
A belt, wrist band, a watch, set of car keys.
Nerve by nerve until the pain is so severe,
T - brain, do you really think
T - brain. Is this a bad time?
Got to love a man who doesn't know when to quit.
You got a hose coming out of your chest attached to a piece of luggage.
Who had a pipe through his eye.
Being fed through one tube and pissing out another.
By injecting a thick syringe into the spine
One red, one blue.
One of the wires is jammed. I'm going to have to loosen it.
Do it alone up to there. Almost done!
Like a thread through pearls.
1/8 that couldn't be put in a day wire 1/8
T - brain? - don’t ask.
A rope and a knife. It's the same ritual.
A piece of rope.
A rope and a knife. It's the same ritual not just doing this for Jesus Christ.
A rope suddenly fell from the sky.
What about - what about a snake around a staff?
With my lips connected to those of a beautiful figure
A feather?
One feather? - yeah.
A rib.
There goes a rib.
Shattered one and collapsed one of his lungs.
Dislocated a rib.
A carrot is a carrot.
A flimsy wire, their only chance for president Poincare's pardon.
One of the umbilical cords got twisted around his throat.
Six dollars for a slim Jim and a Yoo - hoo? Come on.
A vine to secure posts, but you need a more sophisticated kind of tool
Like a cock dipped in shit.
A Candlewick dipped in liquid phosphorous will spontaneously
My candle burns at both ends, it will not last the night.
A candle could keep you alive
It's a candle, dad. What are you talking about?
A screw? Yes.
Too much blood to just be a vein.
A vessel leaked. The tumor's starting to swell.
A vessel burst. It might have been connected to the cord.
An anatomically superfluous rib
A damn pen! What in the hell am I supposed to do with a pen?
A jump rope, and... Lots of bottles.
A transparent - a tube - a hollow tube,
A lightning rod.
An envious sliver broke,
Not a one. Great guy, though.
A bar once owned by Joe Russell, his old fishing crony.
Make a pretty badass cane.
Blond hair, two inches long.
A battering ram missed Marion's face about seven inches.
A needle and a razor.
A needle would stand out in a haystack.
The sound of a pin dropping could induce labor.
As the judges are deliberating.
Needlepoint. Can you believe it? Doc says it's good for the arthritis.
Each syringe contains only one dose, so use it wisely.
Not one nail.
And a fishing pole and the kitchen set,
A steel rod, right?
Aluminum rod with a 12 - gauge shotgun shell.
In that one silver hair.
A hollow needle sharp enough to Pierce a noodle.
A single nickel - plated guitar string tied around their necks.
Was drugged; a spike was driven through his head
A single pussy hair can pull a battleship through the desert.
A Nestle crunch bar, hardly even been touched.
A detonator wired to a depth finder.
Baseball - sized anal beads found in the back of your car.
It's a breadstick.
Not one noodle.
I was working at the mines. Digging gold.
That a vibrating needle
A cigarette takes 6 minutes off your life.
A cigarette introduces approximately one milligram
I get ill from one cigarette
There are really three different kinds of smoke that a cigarette would produce.
A sausage. Baby, you are so nasty.
A banana?
A banana and water, please. All right.
One banana for three of us?
A riding crop?
Rising into the sky was a black pillar of stone.
A straw tube and a... I don’t know, religious medal?
A cucumber.
L can’t spare a square.
I'm not getting a single bar.
One to forty frames. That's the on - off button.
Not a single bar.
I got stuck with it for ten years.
Against the wife killer Randall Simmons?
In garland vs. Hornby.
Of a hunter that was found in the woods.
Convicted of murdering his wife and children.
He can’t stand being at a table where one person's having an omelet and another person's having a sandwich.
This beautiful, romantic meal for me.
$25,000 for the table? Well, last year the company gave $30,000.
Not even enough for mahjong, 4th brother!
A 45 minute program
First, first and a half.
first, second, and third gears
First gear? You're a scientist. You can figure it out, right?
For what is normally a Festival of noise, speed, power
The show that is late, live.
A nightly newscast that informs a debate worthy of a great nation.
On a mere children's show will have much effect.
Which we'd never seen... Until now.
They're holding open auditions this weekend for a new reality show called.
Twelve minutes at high speed!
Be careful when you're in first gear. The gearbox's screwed up.
First gear. Peep and creep. First gear.
The tech channel, that was really.
Punch it through. First gear. We got contact.
What's wrong bow?
In a surprise twist,
One bad car accident.
And it is a business, OK?
A crime that you are the number one suspect in?
A routine cult job,
A crime.
An act of criminal violence.
A business deal? Were those the words she used? Yep.
To a double homicide?
Regarding the only unsolved homicide in riverside county's history,
That's 32 years old?
A rotten crime, a filthy skunk!
A busted marriage, a shitty job,
Good business, like a good marriage, is outwardly boring.
A perfect murder is a cinch if you.
A petty robbery.
And one count of rape won’t put him away for life.
An accident and a murder.
Got a real nice deal on this stuff. Government issue.
A political conspiracy, complete with dead witnesses.
A motiveless killing is a 100 - to - 1 shot.
A current of unknown consequences was on its way
In the violent home invasion that shattered the calm
In which we won’t get paid,
To redress a most vile crime
A scandal involving one of their drugs.
You intend to argue a slip and fall as a first amendment issue?
A little supervisory job for the police department.
One woe doth tread upon another's heel, so fast they follow.
An because we're wired to find meaning
A simple business transaction.
One crime leads to another. And another.
One crime, five victims:
A nice wedding proposal would have slipped out of our hands.
About the ongoing federal fraud investigation.
Say a murder was committed
A deal to turn the coveted waterfront property into condos.
That what might have been an amusing anecdote
Statistically, one murder doesn't equal a trend.
A murder. I'm sorry, what?
This is gonna be an unsolved homicide, Los Angeles, two years ago.
Two confessions, one crime
A homicide investigation was opened
A business big enough
An illegal maid scandal?
And one act of vulgar banditry.
A diamond heist, Reggie?
An eight - month undercover investigation.
A conspiracy, huh?
Points to a home invasion gone tragically wrong.
Buckets and buckets and buckets.
Ate it by the bucket.
Red corn syrup all over the place. Fake brains coming out the Yin - Yang.
A jerrican? Why not a ton?
That? Well, that's just a five - gallon bucket
A bucket of ice.
A bucket of cold beer and a round - eye to wrap my leg around.
How many pints make one meter of beer?
The bucket of confetti. They think it's water.
Bucket of hate.
Scoop after scoop after scoop.
A keg is 15 gallons.
Buckets of tears mighty sad!
Bucket of chicken, sweats, TV, separate rooms.
A bucket of popcorn, extra butter.
Punch. Punch of salt? "Punch" or "pinch"?
I had a bucket of acid thrown in my face.
A tub of red vines.
How about a nice bucket of AIDS, sound good?
One barrel is like any other. Wherever it comes from.
And a bucketful of this neutron star material.
The barrel of a high - powered rifle, combined with the bulkiness of a seatback under a plastic tarp
It wakes me
The last salve came through the gate.
The first comb: faithfulness.
The first comb, you two will grow old together,
You piss hot and get rolled up,
Turns out to be a failing liver.
Everybody's got three or four meaningless anomalies
Club me over the head,
Oh, hit me with a stick.
It struck the pie maker, he'd always believed his father's actions spoke for themselves.
And I bust him in the head.
You could actually put a saddle on her.
Clubbed a security guard over the head, then robbed a high - end jewelry store.
Swing and a miss.
A gun for each room
Sammy understands women very well.
A - a tree.
An unbending tree is bound to break.
One that didn't set all the presents on fire?
Every single tree.
And not one of them was taken.
A tree full of life. Here it comes.
A Republican tree!
An old white oak tree that was used to make the Wickery bridge.
What harm is a Christmas tree gonna...? Oh.
Single massive planet, one giant redwood
There was a big tree,
'like a tree with Dutch elm disease, that they were dying from the inside out.
Born one after the other in the family hell.
A pine tree.
Under the spreading branches of a peepul tree.
A cypress tree.
a willow on the river bank
A tree. That's nice.
It can take 50 years for a tree to get bigger than a seedling.
A tree fell on you?
A plant? It's just a plant.
How a tree is going to branch.
A tree in goal would be better than you, and they can’t move.
A tree? Our fate rests on a tree?
A tree... We're tossing a tree?
A tree. We're tossing a tree? Yeah.
A tree smashed my car, and I lost them.
A single tree can suck up hundreds of tons of water each year
A tree? Yes. How did you know that?
It is the leaves of a tree, a thicket of bamboo,
Of the sizes of individual branches
A... Basic generative kernel of a tree.
It's just a tree, man.
A Eucalyptus tree.
A plant that dreamt of being human.
A pear tree - was.
A dead banana tree blocks the camera's view.
A special tree sprouts there.
A white oak tree
It was a white tree.
a birch, a Rowan tree 
How long does a foxglove take to grow?
There was a white tree.
An upstanding tree, forming a triangle.
A real living tree
A special tree sprouts there.
I planted one at the high school, one at the skateboard park,
One Peperomia, nine orchid varieties.
A decorated tree, but they are gonna see that.
A large fallen tree and there's a hopeful sign here.
An evolutionary tree that clearly indicates the relationship between the subspecies
Who's single tare?
Against a tree in the snow or whatever.
One tall, one fallen, and one in the ground.
1: the casket bomb goes off. Cell phone detonated.
First floor, room 12. Why did they stop at a motel?
Level 1. Room 147.
One floor down. 191. One floor down. 191.
Ground floor.
And the one - woman brothels? Also service industry
Room one first floor, clear.
On the ground floor is the simpler Doric order
There's got to be a ground floor option.
First floor, East wing.
There are two safe zones on the main floor -
First floor looks clean.
Ground floor, please.
First floor, factory rejects.
First floor, first on the right. Right. Thank you.
First floor, room at the back.
Floors one and two are cleared. Teams in place.
The department of immigration takes up the first floor and the lower Plaza.
Downstairs and basement are clear.
First floor coffee shop.
I specified a few changes after the floor plans were drawn up, but.
Lobby's open 24 hours, guard on duty,
It's about 15 per floor, we need... 165!
Most of the ground floor was gone.
Ground floor secure.
Wasn't there anything on the ground floor?
First floor, third door to the left!
And they've got the ground floor covered.
The ground floor. Good thing.
Uh, ground floor, corner room.
Lobby, please.
Grounds one, Roger.
The first floor is secure.
The building with the chicken soup place on the first floor.
Downstairs was the factory. Upstairs we slept.
It starts at one.
That has the import / export business on the first floor.
You got your viewing chambers and your office on the first floor.
There was a tavern on the ground floor.
First floor in the rear.
There was a deli on the first floor.
Two guards on the first floor, none on the stairwell.
Two guards on the first floor, none on the stairwell.
There's a storage room in the ground floor,
One door on the ground floor, which is where you will enter.
The ground floor? What's there?
There's a bathroom down on the first floor.
There's a great little Italian place on the ground floor. You'd love it.
There's a great little Italian place on the ground floor.
The building with the chicken soup place on the first floor
Do you have anything on the ground floor?
First level catwalk, west side.
First floor, all clear. Second floor, clear.
Nothing on the first floor.
Bottom floor clear! Go! Go! Go!
There's no sign of entry or exit from the lower level.
Napalm on the first floor. Pipe bombs on the rest of them.
Napalm on the first floor pipe bombs on the rest of them.
Ground floor, the blue door before the lift.
The ground floor rooms are for those men who need the most care, sir.
Everyone on the first floor loved your humorous ad.
The main floor bathrooms. I'll need the plumbing pulled again.
A one - story cottage.
First floor. Down that corridor.
Ground floor, in the back, no view.
Security to first floor west.
Ground, please.
Ground floor or parking lot? Ground floor.
Ground floor. It's right in the front.
Is that that couple on the first floor? We should get a baby before them.
They could hear you on the first floor
Ground floor, over the bakery.
Just sweet bloody ignorance.
No one is allowed to come in
That tries to get through.
I'm not interested unless it involves my loved ones, or possibly my wife.
Goddamn mess. What the fuck happened here?
They are exactly... The same.
Exactly. Do not deviate.
It's identical. They did it.
It looked exactly like mine, but it wasn't.
It's exactly the same! You and Mc dreamy are in a relationship.
It was exactly like at. - uh, Kalinda, wait a sec.
Oh, no, all of it? The tongue, too?
It was the same image. But she's always riding.
Oh, no, all of it? The tongue, too? You heard that?
In real life. Oh.
The very same. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
He's for real.
The same plan? Same plan, so.
Those look exactly the same. Because they're identical.
Identical? People say we look alike.
A perfect resemblance, madam!
It's exactly the same, all right?
What I heard. How handsome!
Exactly! How does she get away with this?
It's identical. I told you.
Lt's identical. I told you.
It's the same, I'm sure.
That exact one. I've had dreams about it.
Exactly the same way. Yep.
Same story - no suitcase, no car.
It's exactly the same.
Matching! That's going to fit nicely.
The exact same food? How was that even possible?
The exact same thing happened twice! It was spooky!
I've seen wounds exactly like this.
The ritual mutilations line up exactly.
This is the same address. It's the same thing.
About this exact moment?
In the exact same pose, in exactly the same clothes.
Little boxes all the same
With the same gouge in the left tread in your garage.
Same age, same height, same blood type.
Mary Alice got, and you don’t tell me?
Exactly like this, no, but something similar.
The same dream!
This exact brand.
The exact same bottles.
That are exactly like your father,
Same exact white line.
Same exact white mark, upper right - hand corner.
Gave us all matching suits and goggles!
Same kind, red velvet.
Same tattoo.
Same... Exact... Closet.
The exact same thing. Okay, I'm officially freaked out.
You've asked me that same exact question for two weeks now and I keep telling you that
This is exactly what happened to... No apologize. I'm so sorry.
Than when I fitted you for your first wedding.
It's something I think you don’t have.
A hundred bucks at a time!
Hey, lady, 10 cents a ride, no exceptions.
$1,500 a piece.
Of the conversation with Bob Haldeman from this June period
One at a time, one at a time, yes, yes, you!
Got one and two.
35, 40 at a clip.
35 bucks a pop. What's the difference between plasma and blood?
This is gonna be a three - in - one shot. Ready?
Batches of three or four at a time.
Three teams each, every direction.
Baking 4 dozen at a time, that's 48 cupcakes
Four books at once, every day.
$50, 000 for one time, and overnight is
For 5 $charitable donation. Who's up?
Five at a time.
And eight - o run
a fling... 
Kiss me.
It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk!
Once a nine - year - old told me she was 11.
One at a time. 
One at a time, please.
One chairman at a time. What else?
Take things one at a time
One at a time, one at a time.
One at a time. One at a time. That's it.
One at a time! Why do I always get the fat kid?
One at a time, please. One at a time.
We'll bring in the walk - ins one at a time, debrief them, write a report.
Once, there was a man, and he had two sons.
One at a time. Accidental fatalities.
One envelop one time only.
One molecule at a time.
One at a time! Quickly! We're gonna have to open the front as well.
I want you to take turns saying one word at a time,
One at a time, the caller will
One woman at a time.
One shot a piece, guys. Make 'em count. Burke.
At one point, there was an Inuit woman very badly injured
Dan: taken alone, the philosophical teachings of Jesus
One miracle at a time, okay, sweetie? All right.
One time, there was a girl who took too many laxatives, and, uh.
Solving murders one awesome kill at a time.
One at a time, ladies! One at a time.
One child at a time.
Little goals, remember?
One thing at a time. Cheers!
Hey, one at a time. One at a time, all right?
One finger at a time.
One fingernail at a time.
One at a time and preferably alone?
You know, once a waitress told me -
One at a time. Everyone will get his turn now.
One bulb at a time.
Once, a man on jury duty complained that l rode his knee
One target at a time.
One at a time until you do.
One at a time the stomach,
Hey, one at a time. Let me take a look too.
One possession at a time.
One problem at a time.
One question at a time.
One question at a time, dude.
One issue at a time. Like where are my keys?
You're each going to step forward one at a time.
One article at a time, very slowly.
One at a fucking time. It's called a rotation.
One body at a time. OK?
One point at a time. It's just another point. It's just another point.
At $1,900 a pop?
One ear and agwee had a game once.
One brick at a time.
One joint at a time.
One day at a time, Bob.
Baby steps, you know?
One step at a time. Good.
I think it was a state department plane went down in a central African jungle.
One at a time! Wouldn’t that be nice.
Over and over and over and over and over -
Over, over, over again!
Again, again and again.
Again and again and again,
And over and over and over,
Over and over and over again?
And again and again and again, no matter how angry you get.
Over and over and over,
Again and again and again, until we are permanent motherfucking lifers.
And again and again.
I've bailed her out of a jam.
Well, there's crime, and then there's crime, I suppose.
Couple of dollars now and then.
making more and more hits, everybody knows
Over and over and over and over again.
Over and over again, for all eternity?
In and out of prison. A common criminal. - but he turned himself around, didn't he?
One drop at a time, girlfriend, okay? No more.
Just take a little bit at a time.
It's $100.
One bowl each.
One epidemic at a time.
One memory at a time.
Two tries for a buck.
One dollar at a time. That's all we can do. It was worth a shot.
One for each murder.
One team, one team.
One song at a time, two singers per song. If you go flat, you lose.
Three balls at once. Who knew?
Three youngsters are an awful lot to take on all at once.
Three GS a drop; four if we carried a few more balloons
Three pints each? At lunchtime?
Once? Three times? Eight times?
Once? Try three times.
Once going up, then I come down.
Just one step at a time and keep your hands on the vertical rope,
One time! Break it down!
Once. No, twice.
Once won’t kill you.
I do bad on one test, and it's over?
An extraordinary chance to keep living.
not once, make love to me a hundred times
Once isn't enough. They've gotta do it to you again.
An unfortunate training exercise
I had an unfortunate session of shock therapy that.
An unlucky stumble is enough to seal a Tommy's fate.
There shouldn't be three people... We know that, mate!
A bad first experience could have negative consequences.
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again.
If at first you don’t succeed.
An unscheduled, unauthorized visit to earth,
To one count of misdemeanor conduct
Once? No, more than once.
Once. You didn't even have to tell me.
An uneasy truce.
No more than 10 at a time can pass through.
And not one blot on my copybook.
Every time. And since the clicker shoe
Less than $10,000 at a time,
An appointment with your primary suspect.
A scandal, a security breach, or just a failed operation
World war I, world war II.
World war I was just called "the war"?
And WWI, did he fight in that too?
At once.
Two at a time, you know? Stuff you see in pornos.
Two at once? He's done a lot of PEC work.
Two and three at a time.
2 victims at once. That's a first for him.
Going once, twice... One hundred sixty!
Once? Twice?
Going once, going twice, three times.
Once, two, three times, four times
Once, twice, three times, four. Just like that. All right?
Call one, call two, call three.
Just once or twice isn't a problem boss
Going once. Going twice - leave it. It doesn't matter.
Going once... Twice... Sold to the boy in the striped shirt!
Going once, going twice - tell her she's got it.
Once, twice, several times, a bunch, often, never.
Once, twice... Okay.
One, two Yep,
Going, going, gone.
Going once, going twice... I said, get back!
Just once or twice,
Were you once, twice, three times not a lady?
You met once and screwed things up, then did the same thing all over.
$200 every time? Porter: if it's too much, write it yourself.
Two, three at a time.
Going once, going... The answer is, he was sleeping with my wife!
Two at a time, two at a time, two at a 
Two at a time, already at the top, so.
A conversation that we will monitor carefully.
A brutal cold front could easily seal their fate in a matter of days.
That a severe anxiety attack can masquerade as a heart attack?
In one sitting.
A CIA operation
Fired between B. And little J.?
Once! It was for ethnographic research! Give me that.
And a peaceful March for civil rights.
Once for him, once for another player. Another player?
Once the master had to go on a journey for a few days.
A tour of duty in Belfast would've done you the world of good.
That I could walk away, but I couldn't.
Not once.
Not once? / no.
Not once. Don’t say that.
Not to open it once, I'll take a puff.
Not once did he stop for a rest.
Never even once.
Not once you give it all away. It's no good then.
You'd think once, just once,
Not even once?
Well, you're not supposed to take two of them anyway.
They could only come in one at a time.
Just one time.
Show some compassion for once in your life!
Just once, I would like Phil to have a little empathy,
I need to see their faces one last time.
Like ever.
Not once, right?
You never even brought us to the amusement park.
We've never had to close the church
None. Every other day, I'm in dialysis for hours.
He was never there
Mention the fact that we're moving in together.
As pathetic not once.
Like, once?
Never, not once.
None! I didn't watch it.
Not once, Joe.
Not a single time, never.
Not once. Not ever.
The answer is none. Never. I've never asked a man to go away.
Not once. Just vicious rumor.
Not once? - no.
Not once - took that lightly.
Zero. Me too.
I don 't need you to start now.
Ever? No.
Not once? No. Never. Not ever.
At all? No. So -
Never once.
Not once? No.
Not even once, no. No, no, no.
She didn't even fire it once.
Not once. Planes, buses? Any form of transit?
Once, I understand.
The cheapest whore around will cost you $60.
Moms will catch you every time.
Buying 600,800 shares at a time,
Fire all of the guns at once and
So much stock that this board no longer has controlling interest.
Like this, all at once, right?
One gun purchase has given us
It's a lot this time.
Once and for all in one great whine.
He had an accident and lost his leg.
A work - related mishap. Said she was sloppy.
An accident of some kind. We didn't get all the details.
Accident! I've got this sort of ship - thing,
You know, five or six of them at a time, sponsors.
Once in May, once in August.
Five hundred and forty - nine criminals at once.
We had a slight misunderstanding
It was a car accident.
A moment of intimacy.
But in vitro fertilization
Into a potential hostage situation.
One assault.
A what? A mitzvah.
Once. He.
The one time he killed on impulse, he got caught.
Once, he was my dancing partner for 15 years,
And one time he stopped at my father's work station.
One day he wrote her mother, asking for the girl's hand
Once. He only beat me once.
Once, he came to visit when I was feeling really bad.
Once he put a pillow in the bath for me.
Once he fell asleep in the tram and then came the Gestapo.
One time he brought in these kittens
Once he stuck a potato peeler in her head. Bang, like that.
Once he ran with a sword after me, I thought I'm gonna go that day!
Once. Uh, he came to the house.
Once he sent me and Tonda to the next village.
I looked over his shoulder once when he was signing on.
One time he bought me
A chance for him to have a son he could truly love.
One time, he asked me to meet him in the casino to cash in chips for him.
He happened to drive past the scene of an accident.
One time, he met my woman.
One time he thought we were passing a bakery.
For once.
11 years of child support all at once.
A touching visit at the wreckage of abandonment.
An impressive victory.
A humbling experience, as we've discovered
About an old mission - operation falling ash.
He disappears for three, four months at a time.
A date that ended with a kiss in the rain.
an elegant suicide is the ultimate work of art.
An elegant suicide is the ultimate work of art.
An inter... What? An interview?
She's gonna bring them all to that apartment.
Well, an audit can be highly motivating.
An interview. As in one. Both of you, same time.
A meeting that turned into a peek - a - boo session with bullets,
An appointment, with two.
A great adventure.
A great venture in science brought to nothing. Two British ships lost.
Once. But it was in a movie,
Once. But that didn't count.
Once, but it was on an actual girl named Barbie.
One in Malgan market.
Once you add a few of those to the mix,
Why is once enough for you to know that this is shit
A settlement like you're talking about
A compromise that you regret every day of your life, right?
Where you dress up like a lady and I dress up like a gentleman.
Never fails. Spread your legs.
Independent police review authority.
Once and all and for - forever.
Thank God we're alive sex.
Three swatter calls in one shift,
A transfusion... The death of a collection.
Wow. Nothing like a hypothetical prison term
One act of random kindness.
Do one thing at a time
One thing at a time. Everything in order.
Take one day at a time, then see what happens.
One time, last time... I have it.
A chance to make a difference.
Once for mass, once for confession.
Once a president, always a president!
A healthy 13month gestation
A workout? What, right now?
Is a chance meeting enough?
A break in the Monot only, once.
Lt began casually when she was still engaged to Tom.
A murder like this, there's a woman at the center of it.
Let's do this one at a time, shall we?
To make a trip for free.
And a free trip some place... To Siberia.
One free.
One free tour plus a guest.
A free massage.
At Virtanen pharmaceuticals tonight.
It was stolen in a burglary.
All at once or one at a time?
It's a try - out of sorts.
A fresh injection might be exactly what you need.
A pandemic.
Total body irradiation.
Was at a company retreat.
A public incident.
A public debacle on record is just
A road trip seems a perfect opportunity to explore them.
It's gonna take a lot more than just to
Six at a time. We have to go right now
6,000 per lesson?
A strike could affect all the armed forces. Catastrophic, I know.
And again and again.
Again and again and again, guns don’t help me think.
Once. Never again.
An adventure, a rocket ride to the moon.
A championship game, down 6 points 10 seconds left to play.
A lavage could prove it's not cancer.
A duel?
Once. Years ago. Back when I was stationed in New Orleans, I mean.
There was a Celtic uprising.
Or with one of the letters, or an unsolved homicide.
Or with one of the letters, or an unsolved homicide.
A casualty needed to preserve the trust of the public.
A journey to exotic places,
A fishing trip.
That's one bleed, one clot.
Revolutions divide,
To isolate one part of the color spectrum at a time.
And then another time Goeth came to visit.
To erase every file all at once?
One clean cut.
Not too many at once. That's good.
A three - hour intimidation flight to camp delta?
One for a manicure in Newport beach and the other at a gas station in Utah, like, two minutes later.
You've stirred the nation with just one killing!
Once before and once after.
An unprecedented international endeavor is underway.
An economic crisis has hit South park and the nation like never before
A huge earthquake ratties the center of the town.
In a severe, or grand mal, seizure.
Go a $1,000 bid one time.
Form one, ready!
Once the hospital figured out what they were doing, they tested everyone who had ever been exposed to it.
Ten at a time, it's brilliant.
A billion - mile journey. You ready?
But never more than two cubes. Ice waters down the scotch.
A once - in - a - lifetime opportunity.
I heard, quite by chance, at a luncheon, that you were having an exhibition.
There was a meal.
We had lunch once.
On one trip to the South Pacific,
A long speech.
All right, one at a time.
A primal, primitive scurrying.
At least to forgive his father.
Went on a cage dive in the Bahamas.
Once to Baltimore once to Newark.
When she went to Catholic school.
And again.
And again. And again.
And again and again! And again!
And once again,
over and over
Time after time.
What about committing the same sin
Again and again and again and again
And when he wasn't looking, he searched instead.
Time after time, but that's over now, Westen.
Again and again choosing to present an easier version of war's reality.
And one by one, he took them on they perished at his hand
More and more, compadre, I'm tired of all this shit.
Over and over again. Like something's still connecting us.
Time and again, you've found your way back into solitary,
The numbers just kept coming. Luckiest night of your life!
And again and again you would come up empty. Handed.
Over and over again... You keep coming back alive.
Time after time, will, you fail!
There are times, even to this day,
Over and over. Over and over.
Thank you for your generosity.
Time after time go.
In his head every night,
And then they correct it and then they correct it.
And again. Do you have your cigarettes?
Time and again, Leonardo returned to his mirrors.
Stabbed the woman over and over until the knife got so bloody,
I don’t want to do that.
Over and over, again and again?
Seeing you again and again and, uh.
Play it over and over in your head?
And rape them for hours and hours
Over, and over again, she saved them.
Killing his mother over and over again for giving birth to him.
Come here again and again.
But when it is repeated again and again, then it's called a habit.
Blink over and over, but not cry. He didn't cry.
Being asked to open my checkbook yet again.
Being asked, yet again, to open.
And time again around the world at different UFO hot spots.
Let down after let down, the - the miscarriages, the hormones.
That keeps coming around and around the same place.
It's wrong to lie to Naomi
To strike yet again and again.
The decisive moment that has already happened.
You apologized again, and again.
Reuniting time after time,
Negated any sympathy I once had for him by his repeated efforts
And it's, like, time after time, with women,
Again and again! Ma 'am, ma' am.
Over and over, she made him drink
Time and time again, they've saved our lives!
It's not your fault that you lied to me over and over again.
'and time and again when things got tough
Time and again we've managed to save earth and its allies from the most dire threats.
Yeah, it's going on and on we can do it all day long
Again and again. I'll find you. Even if you hide
Over and over again and I'm sick of it!
Again and again. I just kept
And from time to time, look up in perfect silence at the stars.
He kept going back over and over. I know.
Over and over. So the only option was to destroy them.
Again and again, so you believe that.
And abandoned me over and over again.
In routine and constancy.
Time and again he has denied me victory.
These postponements they mean something.
One buyout after another.
the desires were getting fulfilled.
And again, every time.
And the whack pack just gets bigger and bigger.
Over and over again for no sensible reason.
Yourself with have failed those tests at every turn.
Again and again, the monsters attacked!
A couple of times, something!
We went over it and we went over it.
Debating it over and over again, weighing the pros and cons,
One more blasphemy for good measure, and then... Bam.
Over and over and over again? I know.
onward and onward the slow and steady climb
And hide behind the anonymity of a text or an email,
To doctor after doctor, test after test,
And we pulled America's ass out of the fire
Has been comprised of one misstep after another.
Shot by shot and step by step,
And rape them for hours and hours.
It's two and two now. It all adds up.
Fought between our worlds, again and again.
And it's because of times like these I was forced to a life of evil.
Take after take.
Rejection after rejection after rejection.
Tie you again and again! Quiet! Quiet! Quiet!
Time and time again.
Again and again, until the end of time.
On many occasion.
Over and over, trying to work out how he's going to do it.
Commendation after commendation. She just made supervisor.
To get smacked down by the system again and again
Proving again and again that he's really gone?
Who could not be slowed down
Ln that so many time
To get out so many times.
And we say the same things over and over again.
Over and over until they stopped moving.
Over and over and over till they think they were born that way.
And over and over, until my head slammed into the pavement.
And again, until the last time when he killed her.
Time and again, the bamboo rods whistled through the air
And then, after another chance meeting
Numerous times, or on radio spots,
Jurisdictions and customizing
Dumping game after game to your fucking old man.
Again and again, MacDonald produces winning results.
Yeah, it's going on and on it's the new phenomenon
Punch her again. So each year 
Time and again, seki lost consciousness
Once is never enough
A friendly little chat, you know, like,
A double, a Homer and four RBIs.
An anti-war shag? Is that what you thought, Toby? Because, that's... Wow.
One chance to defy me.
Once backward, once forward. Satisfied?
One dissident against Rome?
3 victims at once?
Find out once and for all what these guys can deliver.
One chance to impress the judges and America.
A counterinsurgency operation.
How about a blowjob? On the house.
One little blowjob, and I'm a hooker with no taste.
You stay with one guy?
You're better at doing one thing at a time. Owning a bar is like a juggling act.
One thing at a time. Chuck, punch it!
We'll be letting you into the store 70 people at a time.
If he sold it a bottle at a time,
Building our own unique histories one memory at a time.
One case at a time.
One scary problem at a time.
Buck at a time, like you're feeding baby ducks.
One case at a time instead of 17? Set up the interview.
Twenty francs a time.
Only one at a time.
One break at a time!
Wouldn’t it be nice to have a boyfriend for once?
One case at a time instead of 17?
"One guy at a time" people?
One. One panic attack. Okay, still.
One game at a time, my friend.
You just take it one day at a time.
And you're looking at it one frame at a time. Can you do that for me?
One stitch at a time.
One promotion at a time.
Ah, one at a time, please.
One bad habit at a time.
One Bush at a time, son. I'm not looking to steal his heat.
They only deal one hand at a time.
Only three can teleport at a time.
You know, pull it out, one thing at a time.
A journey into a wondrous land
Okay, one at a time.
Make sure you keep three points of contact on the rope.
Only one person at a time, please.
One imagination at a time, free from the influence of another.
Without placing a larger block on top of a smaller block.
He can only move one ship at a time, one square at a time.
Just take it one case at a time.
Only three at once!
Each time can only earn 7750 lire.
Only two visitors in the room at a time, please.
And the inanimate at the same time.
One question only. Uno. Okay.
One to two and a half hours of flight only.
Just once, please just once.
Once... Just once. Can't you see me as a man instead of money?
Once. Just once. Would you look at me as I really am?
You really only need to take half
Just slay one dragon at a time. Okay?
Before going to bed.
A textbook - style raid that can only succeed
One step at a time, right?
Let's go after one murderer at a time. These are the wrong bones.
I'll call you in one at a time.
Well, three beats one.
Once, in the hallway, but he pretended not to see me.
They can date tons of people at once.
An opportunity to be a new person, make a difference.
Two pages at a time. Can I tell you what your problem is now?
Once is a tragedy, twice a coincidence, three times is a pattern.
So you've got 180 of these bolts in the air at any one time.
Of sword through bowels.
One horrible mistake.
A terrible shock. Take a beat.
Well, once could be an accident, but more than that is murder.
An epic March, a treacherous scouting mission,
When you take one or two, maybe, but not all five at once.
A little at a time.
3 at a time?
And get an ice cream cone.
And the time that I ate that six - day - old halibut.
To eat four days' food at one time?
Eating a tremendous amount food at once
A partnership.
For her dad, s reelection one dollar at a time.
One for the commandant!
Than an act of war against the United States.
Come on, just once. Say it to me
One fight at a time.
One fight where she ran to a friend,
Once when they laid it out for us
Once is a mistake.
One weekend I came home unexpectedly.
A breath and then compressions.
A single breath will last them for 1 5 minutes.
Okay, one breath. That's it.
Three guys at once? That's a nightmare.
And it'd be no big deal to have two, maybe three
And it'd be no big deal to have two, maybe three girls at once, just.
What's the difference between one blow job and two?
Talking to five different people at once.
Once with you. The other time he was alone.
Once I slept with the brother of my fiance.
Once with friends and once with my son,
A chance to bond with his idol.
We were with mark and Kai, and your mom was out surfing.
Take a small bite at a time. But it's raw.
Push it down a little at a time.
One taste and you'll know.
With one yawn, the composer could still get.
Just once... Just once I'd like to see
In the history of the world.
Because when you do one good deed.
A good act does not wash out the bad,
One good deed is not enough to redeem a man
A blow to the throat.
Two beers at a time. Did we give you guys a drinking problem?
Four at a time, by hand till we can find some kind of shovel.
Just one chance to come back here
One favor, and it's all gone.
One arrest for possession of a firearm.
Was the venue for an international conference
An international catastrophe was narrowly avoided.
That one time by highway 19?
Once in the upper torso, shattered his fourth rib,
Once. Before they start work.
Once is in your brain, you'll never forget it
One near Clermont - Ferrand and the other is near the Vercors,
Horse broke its leg coming out of the gate,
Well, once in the Congo, twice in Beirut. Same girl.
One in the gas station and one on the operating table.
Once, near Mt. Book - Han, but it got away.
There's one at midnight and one in the morning.
Once, on earth, a long time ago.
Once we diverted her luggage when she traveled.
And once at school.
A suspension for having pot in school,
One time at my lab, a Petri dish of genetically modified super-virus went missing.
Once on inauguration night, and once after the assassination attempt.
First downtown and now here. Following
Once at a building.
Once we found a kid in the ball pool when we opened in the morning.
Once at my place, then once back in the cab.
I was out with one of my girlfriends once in Vegas…
One in the church.
Once in the Mentawais islands and once when we were up in Saskatchewan hunting moose.
Once in the bathtub and.
Once in Switzerland.
Once among termites, related to cockroaches,
Once in a divorce case.
Once at the window,
One during the first crisis, one during the second.
One to the spleen,
One time at Schottinger's photo archive.
Once in the car, once on the hood.
Once in the vacation here
Once before, once after the arrest.
And once I bounced a check at the liquor store.
The complete timetable for an underground atomic test.
Of the missing boat as an origin point,
A geology experiment
That the kitchen once slipped into the sea while a meal was being prepared.
Does it one pixel at a time.
One issue at a time.
One tumbler at a time.
One fish at a time, I guess.
An Easter egg hunt.
Summer camp.
An outing and a family - circle meeting.
Okay, a woman? Okay. An affair. A mistake.
An extraordinary performance.
It was a nice chat.
How many people are going through it at one time?
But make sure you get plenty. Once those little critters thaw out, they're useless
Will it be enough?
A really big quake
Major drug deal going down tonight.
By a huge meteor impact when the moon was young.
One main attack and another off the radar?
In every armed conflict since world war one, just 4% of fighter pilots
Came from a tour of big Ben I was given
I picked them up from Satan at a yard sale.
One big fling before George and l go to California.
A journey travelling by brain, as we make contact with the other side.
A massive subspace event.
In the area at the exact time the plane went missing.
A vast military buildup of armored divisions.
One stop shopping for Fido and foreign intelligence.
A Pearl harbor in space.
For trust not him that hath once broken faith.
A stumble may prevent a fall.
One misstep doesn't affect your career.
One mistake out there could get you killed.
One rejection and you're gonna quit?
One setback won’t discourage her. You're wrong!
A bad real estate deal here,
You thought your backstabbing was unsuccessful?
A failed experiment.
A failed and feeble attempt at doing the right thing.
And I just 'cause I slipped, it doesn't mean that
A lapse.
So a bonk on the head does make you free to change who you are.
A magical tour de force
It was the end of a fantastic adventure.
A strange delivery they made to some guy by the old swimming pool.
One time, she smothered me with kisses and her big tits
One time, she met a guy at spin ass.
I was onboard when she did this emergency landing in Helsinki.
Once she hit her head on the bathroom sink.
A coma from which she might never wake
Once she even spent an entire summer
Once she broke her hip and didn't go to hospital for two days!
One time she offers me drugs to take.
She'd said once that she liked picnics.
Once she was telling that. I had a dream…
Once, all right? Okay? Once.
Once. Ok? Did it once. Twice.
Pass down some of my experience to young people
With the agent.
One good scandal deserves another.
A good stop
A marriage, several affairs... I got sidetracked.
I can only handle my husband going blind once per marriage.
We get married once and love.
Once to an actor, once to an English Lord, and once to a Californian.
Okay, a school - supervised trip.
A cosmic bang - a massive explosion in the atmosphere,
A security malfunction that keeps everyone busy
A smooth flight.
A nice quiet Thanksgiving dinner, just the two of us -
Walk in. It's a one - time offer,
It's much safer just to do it all at once.
A component of time travel.
A nice clean cut, mate.
A perfect test flight, but soon the real challenges will begin -
A perfect re-creation. You're a ripperologist, aren't you?
A perfect test flight but soon the real challenges will begin,
A directional blast that can launch a projectile into the engine of a car
Like, one shoot, and I can paint for a year.
On one spin of the roulette wheel.
A real - time practical session to test your teamwork
Granting wishes is easier two at a time. I save on overhead.
A gram of practice is worth more than a ton of theory.
A trial.
A test, to see if we can make a connection -
An audit?
They brought him back
A house call.
A hangover slows a man down.
Cops had me in the box for 16 hours at a time.
Take them one at a time.
One battle at a time, dad.
Once is never enough when you're expecting, sweetie.
One Christmas, he wanted me to get chickens to cook for a party.
In a coordinated attack on earth.
Such a command of the literal and figurative.
An unauthorized access in one of the secure databases
A fact - finding mission.
A search for answers.
Can one drone shoot down an entire wraith cruiser?
A rebellion that will lead to the end of this company Raj
More salt we can fire at once, more demons we can keep away.
Souvenir from my own little adventure.
A “schoolgirl crush”.
A schoolgirl crush.
A slight distraction can bring defeat... Or death!
Being a little adventurous.
With a single act of disobedience.
About that earthquake yesterday, as small as it was.
That I had planned.
A little vacation.
20 years down the road? Relax.
A little vacation for a job well done.
One little breach in protocol won’t -
A little street justice.
One nice little happy transnational unit of inquiry.
A little island vacation -
It's a little mental test. A cup, right?
Small aircraft have such a poor safety record.
Just a little restructure.
And try new stuff at the same time.
A rescue attempt
$1 000 for just once
Just for a few minutes at a time.
Once. Just once.
Only one! One life!
Just once, just once for things to go right.
One time! It was one time!
It completely flattens a patch of reef.
I don’t want to do that again.
And once was enough! We'll not dance to it again!
Once was enough, dearie.
Once was enough, dear, take her to downtown come on
One's enough. He says what he was looking for?
Once is enough. One more time.
Once. That was enough. She's nuts.
Once was enough. I can’t let it happen again. No!
Just once, you know, and see what it's like.
Once is all you can take.
Come on. One time.
Just for once.
Once would be nice!
For once, why can’t we do something I wanna do?
Just once! But you didn't, did you?
Just once, but as hard as you can.
One shot. I could do it. I know I could do it.
Just once, one last time.
It's hard.
Let it be done, once and for all. Please, I love you.
Half a mil, one hit.
Do it right the first time.
Save one damsel at a time - save your wife.
One time is one time.
For months at a time and everything that went with it.
That's dozens of computers connected to him at once.
One time, the very first night.
One can become addicted after the first time.
I'll do it in one try!
They'll fall for any sort of event.
One time, baby. This is it.
One story at a time.
Try to say one word at a time.
Just take it one line at a time. Okay? All right?
Is enough to last me a lifetime.
Once was enough.
Once. Just for this once,
One time. This one time.
Just one time, just once, I would like to accomplish something
Just one shot to make the difference.
One time, l used – Shut up. Shut up.
Lymphogranuloma venereum in my urethra,
I saved the drummer from choking on a hushpuppy once at the state fair.
A show would be so amazing, give him the focus he needs.
It's a noble crusade.
And a sold - out tour in just three short months.
For a job.
They might still rule the earth today were it not for a colossal ice age,
An enormous volcanic event.
A great volcanic rift spewed out
Once was quite enough.
Once was enough. I can’t let it happen again. No!
Once is enough.
When one of Barry's bike tricks went wrong,
A gas explosion near Paris.
To carry five all at once?
How we are with a child around the house.
One girl at a time.
$20,000 for a routine appeal.
A normal physical exam, uh, with symptoms of occasional right upper quadrant pain, nausea and hallucinations.
A routine sweep. - did he mention my name?
It was a routine traffic stop.
Accused top gaming officials of corruption.
One member at a time,
A quiet talk often works. Let's do so
A youthful indiscretion.
One lucky kill don’t make you an expert.
One commercial break.
An extensive search.
A celebration!
Juggling more than one person at a time.
A sit - down? Okay.
Without ever once being cleared to fire a single shot.
A bold offensive strike,
An opportunity to redeem yourself.
An event powerful enough to create a black hole
A violent quake heaved the whole of this coastline upwards.
You know, a charge that strong could blast a lightning rod anywhere in the area.
Wouldn’t be caught dead in one.
As about an attempt to return to the heavens, big storm blew up, and capsized the canoe,
Once, I was walking my dog down the road.
Well, once is not enough.
An artful stroke, wouldn’t you say?
An artful stroke, wouldn’t you say?
A thorough search here.
I'm some great date, huh?
Once... Years ago.
A pretty great anniversary after all.
Um, it's a really mortifying experience.
A fundamental experience. It's changed my life.
On one, ready? Break!
One shot on goal. It's an empty net. What are you going to do?
One chance for the truth.
Wow. All that from one therapy session?
A crisis of the heart.
A heartbeat, then snap, you're rich beyond your wildest dreams.
A heartbeat, sir.
A chance to be happy.
A pleasure cruise
How much for a quickie?
Once. What? Oh, come on.
Once. How'd it go?
A meeting of the minds. Yeah.
Paid one deductible.
And pay off the bulk in a lump sum.
I'd appreciate a one - time payment, but I'm more interested in a more permanent position
To settle for a one - time cash payment.
That's big lump sum payments. Same source?
Claire: senior V. P., medical disposables. He called in Sunday,
All at once? That's right.
The disposable one.
One - time payments for heroic measures.
And get rid of it once and for all.
Too much at once
Too much at once no.
Disposable baby diapers and such.
A disposable video camera - I mean, that must be worth protecting.
And know the truth once and for all.
And get rid of her once and for all. Yay, you're back!
A disposable phone.
A pay phone?
Burn phone - number was activated three days ago.
That would explain the disposable cell phones.
Disposable phones, couple of toothbrushes.
This was sent from a throwaway phone.
It's a burner, mom. It's like 15 bucks.
They're cheap, untraceable, anonymous.
It's a throwaway phone. I doubt it.
It's from a burn phone.
That Reggie Moses called from San Quentin.
Cells were purchased in Arizona and used
He used a burner. Dead end.
Disposable phone numbers are assigned by the carrier to the phone distributors.
Disposable phone, very discreet.
Disposable lighter.
The plastic tanks in most disposable lighters.
Busting your undefeated volleyball record and the milk carton theory, in one fell swoop.
It's better to pull the band - aid off all at once than little by little, right?
Cigarette smoked down to the butt
A disposable video camera
Erase the world all at once.
Shall we say
Lump - sum deposit in an off - shore bank account
The maximum fine is $2,500 at a time.
One - time killers, mission - oriented killers,
Plastic disposable syringe? No.
A fuck that unites John, Dan, Scott, whomever.
That girl last year in a sex video.
A real fuck - a - thon. We just slept.
Uh, for one cash payment, of course.
It's a burner phone.
The disposable cell phone and a sparking device
Disposable phone printing. Thank you.
Disposable?
It's disposable.
So you gave him one final push.
Disposable feminine cleansing product one might use on a summer's Eve
A one - off, eh? That's me.
Cheap and disposable?
Disposable cell phone number.
Disposable cameras, disposable razors.
Disposable or washable?
What disposable cameras?
Not the disposable cameras from the tables.
Where are the disposable cameras?
A disposable camera. That's right.
Disposable cameras are fun, although it does seem wasteful
Ending it once and for all,
Right in one shot... Now.
Do it all at once. Look at that.
And put an end to the disgusting rumors
Uh, one - time cipher pads to break the codes.
Memorize as many of those symbols as you can in one shot.
And to save time, I promise, I've never been abused.
Just issue a blanket apology and move on.
One - stop shopping.
Lump of cash for the file.
Burn alias.
Off my back once and for all, all right?
Passed the bar first time.
You just get it all out at once,
One rail at a time!
One - time keypad, custom job, very hi - tech.
To them at once.
All right, we're going to need 12 of Decadron I.V. Push and 60 of mannitol.
One - time burners.
5.2 after taking the lump sum.
That single orgasm is going to cost me $450,000.
Once is never quite enough.
A racking. May have gone too far.
A practical joke or something?
It's a bad trip.
It was a poor foul, poor challenge, reckless.
Disastrously uncomfortable sexual experience.
An extraordinary coincidence.
A traumatic event in his life
That was a complete and utter failure.
A significant cooling of the earth follows, and may
By accident. Just happened somehow.
He killed one of the instructors by mistake.
Uh, not my finest hour. It happens.
I lost my wife in an accident.
Good enough for one. Two would have looked suspicious.
An accidental fire, yes, your honor.
After a surprise switch, the young and old were combined but on each tribe,
An accidental, inadvertent death
An accidental overload?
An accidental overload? Doesn't appear that way.
One accident is good enough to kill
An accidental overload? It doesn’t appear that way.
Fool me once, shame on you.
One impulsive, dumb move
So tirelessly devote yourself.
It's a Polaroid. You can’t doctor it.
One was successful.
A successful ambush can end a battle before it ever begins.
A successful congressional campaign can cost millions of dollars.
Is a successful hail Mary. One play.
One shot at success.
A successful one.
A triumphant performance,
A transplant that is successful is now possible.
Ordering wine is key to a good date, and when a guy orders for you, it's kinda hot.
Team members must complete a single vault
For some grown - up girl - bonding time.
A highly visible operation.
Once, when I was 15.
One time - me.
Mate of mine in Ulster got caught in sniper fire.
One time, I accidentally drank an entire bottle of vinegar.
One time, I lost my cheap watch. Yeah.
L once.... Woke up from my container house.
And only one of us can screw up at a time,
Once. We had nothing in common.
One time after we had done it
Once we drank maricopa with the mohave and shared their women.
One time, we were eating out with these Japanese guys.
One time we ended up here.
And once when we gave them the books.
Once, our people welcomed a stranger into our home.
Once we were driving home from a show, I put my hand on his thigh, and he turned into a motel.
A boar hunt.
One time we were driving past Monroe's place and we saw it was empty.
One time... I'll call your P. O.
Anyway, she came up to me after a presentation on egalitarianism
I... Overheard him.
One time I accidentally came across a planet with a village near the ring.
And then once to join the navy.
One time. I try, you get off my back. You have my solemn word.
I caught him shooting up on a job.
Once. L just wanted to see what it felt like.
Once. I just wanted to see what it felt like.
I cussed my horse too loud once, and we got snowed in till spring.
And I once heard her play a Dvorak concerto.
When rocky and l were kicking it out here?
I was playing out with the kids in the neighborhood.
I was drunk, and I swerved into his truck head - on,
Once, I helped these kidsopen up a hydrant on, um ,76th street, and they were just like, wow.
Time that I got caught in the
One time we were doing it in his office, and there was, like,
Once when I was repairing a leak on the roof.
I sang a song at a circus in new Jersey.
Once I tried to bribe an usher at the roller Derby.
I once saw Picasso on film, and he was really appealing for 80.
I saw a video on the Internet once where this guy
I saved a guy once at a restaurant in Hong Kong.
One time, I rode in a sidecar on a guy's motorcycle,
I once lost a grand on a horse named Gideon's trumpet.
One time. That's all I'm saying.
One time I helped an old lady across the street. Next day, I found a hundred - dollar bill.
I caught myself checking out a... A muscle magazine at a newsstand.
Once, I, uh, I tried to break up with a girl, and I danced around it so much,
I kicked a girl out of my car once.
I ate one of Chuckie's diapers one time
I had a coffee enema once I shook for three days
One time I came across an email.
And I overheard him talking one time.
Once I just crossed the road to get the mail.
My mother just stopped by.
Once I got so annoyed that I flew off the handle.
Once, a philosopher, twice, I tell,
I burned a hundred dollars once. A guy dared me. He was a four - flusher.
Once I bounced a check at the liquor store.
In one, my teeth fall out.
I could see that once, but twice? Well, let's play it out.
Although l will say, when l was trying to POM - train Christian,
One time, my dad was struck by lightning.
One time I was licking this envelope, and.
I saw a man hit my mom one time, really
Once. I hated it. No, you didn't.
One time I let my girlfriend open it. She was shot.
One time I came in.
I was with him at the fair one time,
One time I was watching this reality show with celebrities.
Once, we even had to use the body of a friend
Jacky cheuhg once took my cab
Once, I met a man who was HIV positive.
And I asked him one time
Once or twice yourself.
Dare or double dare? Me?
Once or twice. I don’t remember.
A wartime attack that laid waste a baroque masterpiece.
I gave her after a previous operation.
One surgery cures this baby... And she never has to see a hospital again.
Once is an accident.
Fight one at a time
Two at a time, bitches! Two at a time!
A stroke, a sudden embolism or lightning... You know I.
Maybe a heart attack will teach my mother
One hit is self-defense.
From a fight with another kid, skateboarding accident.
He introduced me to you at that one poker game.
And they're calling a thousand people at a time.
A dare.
Two at a time, that was awesome.
One pull of the trigger for yourself.
Do one row at a time.
A skill test. Be all you can be and all that crap. Huh?
Io OOE strike, we take out half the world's terrorists.
Make a clean break once and for all.
Bringing them down, once and for all.
A chance to control him all over again.
Severing the head from the torso with one blow.
To kill all of them at once.
And get all the bombs at once.
Get this rig back in one piece... How come we didn't stop?
Let's solve the problem once and for all,
One pitch will decide victory or defeat.
Please do not trouble yourself with a rebuttal.
The single experience of one coin being spun once has been repeated.
A robbery,
In a grocery store.
A steal can not only stop the offense before it starts.
One snap. Weight of the fucking world. All right?
You know, one call is, like, a misunderstanding, but three is a pattern.
You know, one call is, like, I don’t know, a misunderstanding.
Hey, it was just one shoot.
He was attacked by one on a photo shoot.
One at a time, starting with this one.
Pulling one hair from your head at a time.
An arrest warrant. Two old fines for no parking.
A... A botched mission to Somalia, some monster paintings,
Once? Please?
Than just a visit.
Suck the life from him with a single embrace.
Pull one envelope at a time.
Retrieving one bag at a time, then racing back.
One at a time. There's plenty.
Have some balls for once, asshole.
One shot at the big prize.
Once for six months, once for five months.
Press the function keys one at a time.
That's how much a massage costs?
I don’t think one challenge should determine your worth in the long run of this game.
On pick and roll, what are we in?
I guess it just took a trip to see my grands
Into the heart of a unique man.
And another after that.
You’re moonlighting. You’re a bad girl. I know.
Servicing a dozen officers at a time.
Again and again, for a couple of hours.
One touch, and I can see things 
One vertebra at a time.
A quest must be completed in the proper way or it isn't a quest, is it?
A search. A search for answers.
A search, a hunt, an interrogation, if you like.
For the boy immediately.
Get it done in one blow.
Which is take one game at a time.
You need at least 16 pigs to finish the job in one sitting.
And a failed bypass.
One shoot meant spending weeks diving under two metres of ice,
After a motorcycle accident, he had two discs in his neck replaced
A smack - four billion years old.
A stroke, a sudden embolism or lightning... You know l.
Crashing one ship isn't enough for you?
A drill.
It's a one - time fee, 150 bucks.
She's paid between 10- and $15,000 per session,
It's two bucks a load. The machine takes quarters.
Changing the world one moron at a time, huh?
To give your foolish old man one more chance?
In one strike, we take out half the world's terrorists.
There's one attack, but it will cost you your life.
An attack on a village. The screams of an innocent woman.
More than three on a sandwich would overwhelm the smoky flavor of the turkey.
Before you all leave.
One time, the party officer said.
one person at a time
With an opportunity for redemption.
Once for solicitation.
Does it come in threes? Yeah.
One procedure done right 
A fight broke out. Byron overreacted. A man was injured.
A squint,
A Renaissance.
On a new adventure.
A new recruit,
One trip, he showed up with this girl.
How about a trip? I know a great travel agent.
The worst days of a journey,
A journey into, not - so - distant from Odesse, steppes.
Between a colleague and a juror
To conduct our research without interference,
One free, two cast - off.
It's a “no contest”.
One unexcused absence, one more time getting sent down here, and.
A radar failure could indicate bigger nave system problems.
At some boring luncheon down in Florida,
Some kind of eclipse?
To have a long overdue conversation.
One fashion show... One big... Up!
One fashion show, one big... Up.
That's how long the trip lasts. Never could work out why.
One time. There, see?
Once a 14 - year - old told me she was 12.
One is at 8:37, another at 8:53.
Once when in line with the constellation of Leo
And once when in line with Orion.
Once in a patent application and once in the manifesto.
Once for the day of her testimony, and then.
What do you mean once?
The first time from the pirate exhibit,
At your mother's funeral, and the day he sent you away.
One where you threatened someone with a screwdriver.
Do it once, it's a fluke. Do it twice, and it's something else.
Once is happenstance.
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence.
once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence.
Once a couple weeks ago
Once as office sales, and once as Web site sales.
We went to Africa once.
One goat and a small enchantment.
Once with my mom and once with her mom.
One occasion was a nasal spray, another was a cough suppressant
Once at a 7 - eleven 
Once, 2 easters ago, um, with the tequila,
One right after the accident, the rest
Once at the evac hospital, he went to sleep for three days.
Once when I was in the field, just tending to my cows.
Once I was just crossing the road to get the mail.
Once on the way up, once on the way down. Good to be back.
Once for the day of her testimony,
Okay, so once for Macpherson,
Once when the breath leaves our body, and once
Once by accident, twice on purpose.
Once by accident, twice on purpose... And I'm still here.
When I was three, seeing my mother murdered.
For our wedding and to burn the wedding wall.
I did one of them. Chase did another.
Once the day I locked you up, and the second time today.
Once for my annual physical
Once by me, once in the manifesto 
And again when I woke up.
Once when I went into the coma
Once for your toilet bucket, which is where we hide the dirt.
And once in the evening for your plate.
Once a fellow fiend, always a fellow fiend.
One has been from a cobra has been before.
One time it hooded.
Once at the time of this photograph and once in November 2003.
Once in somebody else's car and then you double back for your own.
Ever. Yeah.
Once to see Neil Armstrong step out onto the surface of the moon
Once actually, and then.
Once is a blessing. Twice is a curse.
One for knot tying. One for fag folding.
One for father and one for the first love?
Once by a boy named chip
Once by the other tribe, another by nature.
And once... Linguistically.
You did one audition for some of the older students
A dinner party?
At one supper for 3,000 guests,
After one of these dinners,
Where the success or failure of a dinner party
At dinner. Wonderful.
One night over dinner, the conversation turned to how the medical establishment had abandoned us.
A normal spat.
A regular lifesaver moment.
To a common shooter.
A general strike.
A general strike has been called!
An assassination.
A violent act.
Once for assault, once for arson, once for grand larceny.
An expose. A tell - all.
A much bigger earthquake and more dangerous tsunami
A much bigger impact four - and - a - half billion years earlier.
One time, last time... - I have it.
One last ultra - feast .- mmm, that sounds great. What are you thinking?
Maybe half a dozen geeks can squeeze against it at any one time.
And can carry two teams at most to a place known as the end of the world,
The maximum bet is 50 points, minimum bet is 1 point.
That's up from a thousand.
Not more than one friend over at a time, and no one spends the night
On the American people.
90 different things at one time.
Multiple rounds of I. V. F. This baby is their miracle.
And this woman came in here with the palsy, the poor soul
Maybe if it was just the one time but all 3?
An effective threat let's everybody know that they're in danger
A criminal hearing? Yeah, my father ordered me to attend.
This interesting journey around India.
One date as friends.
I find it difficult to believe that anybody could take 16 pills by accident.
I like my poisons one at a time.
What started out as a would - be bonding experience
A break.
A second chance,
One more chance?
One shot; one challenge. That's all.
One chance, two chances.
One more chance to take a look at.
The opportunity to dance a solo
One chance to tell the jury
Your one shot. You had it. OK?
A chance, I said. A chance.
A chance to wipe the slate clean.
Just one performance to show the judges
One more chance to set the record straight.
One go? One ride past.
It was cherry. She got the recipe off the box of Graham crackers.
A motorcycle ride and a kiss.
Kills in threes.
You take it over one piece at a time.
Two or three at a time.
You know what? Try to make five free throws in a row.
A superb display of leadership.
A shitty vo11eyba11 tournament. Why is that so.
A shooting.
Single shot fired, gunman at large, but gone to ground.
Payback for some shooting.
Workin 'the whole mess at once.
The basic Mars package.
Tripped once, you'll keep tripping.
I took a crowbar to an eye socket during a sangria party gone wrong.
A wet dream, a prayer one.
Test the whole rocket at once - an all up test.
An expedition across the Congo? Yes. Listen.
Borne back.
Throwing yourself over the cliff
All those knock - backs,
Back to Alaska year after year.
so much water, at times I've cried a river.
Win after win on the world circuit earned him grander trophies and greater purses
To land in about the same spot over and over again,
time and time again struttin 'and in the summertime
Replaying the accident again and again.
time and time again struttin 'and in the summertime
By getting in trouble over and over again,
Honk your horn. Make sure he’s looking. That is important.
Has been there for you over and over again.
And you're going to face rejection.
He got pounded again and again by the rocks and.
About why we broke up over and over again. Unbelievable. I can’t believe it. Crazy.
That keeps repeating over and over
And tell you time and time again
I'm losin 'my fleece from tryin'
It's got to be exhausting having to... Bail me out of trouble over and over again.
all those courtrooms,
And trap that this job can spring.
And time and time we've had so much to share
Kept making and breaking his promise, and she always believed him. Always!
Our compulsion again and again
And step into the shadow without complaint or regret.
And I got promoted again and again,
To entertain me from time to time.
I've grown immune to disappointment.
Of bubble - wrap and change of address cards, of figuring out new towns.
Who died and died again.
Which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced the drug barons underground.
Eruption after eruption has blasted a massive 500 - mile - long scar
From one school to the next, from one foster care to the next, it never got fixed.
Losing over and over.
Continue to elude their would - be captors!
We'll keep cropping up.
Once again, selfish.
They're hit so many times, they can barely remember their own names.
Say our good - byes all over again,
Over and over and over again. Thank you. Thank you, sir.
Over and over and over again.
To be a fraudulent conveyance.
Human beings only clear about 15% of the air in their lungs with a normal breath.
On a halfway decent date.
A step in the right direction?
Wrongful arrest is the best way to kick off your campaign?
One of them won’t do it but the second will set you free
It was a blood vessel bursting in her brain
A dead suspect,
A demolishing inside shot.
Once. A day?
Each increasing in magnitude.
Each one's becoming more serious, more threatening.
Every time it gets harder. Money, money, money.
And he would ask for more.
One bigger than the other.
Getting more daring with each crime.
It gets better each time.
Intense bouts of anger and depression, problems drinking.
Each more exciting than the last,
Each one closer than the last.
Stronger every time.
More fantastical with each telling of 'em.
It gets better and better every time.
Every time I try it on, it just gets tighter.
It's not getting any easier, you know.
What exactly is a bikini wax supposed to cost?
One match, I had 211 strikes out of 431 shots,
One time before a game, I threw up into the water fountain,
And one immortality, and one annihilation woe is me
Britain's whole war effort had become hostage to a desert victory,
Once the czar was pedaling his bike and he goes by a guard who
Going once... No!
Somebody miss a payment, he'd break both their thumbs.
Once, not on purpose.
After one gloomy white house meeting,
There was this lecture I heard on the philosophy of law.
Having cold dumplings will get you stomachache
A landslide has buried two residential apartment blocks.
Circus performance.
Well, miscarrying once is hard enough.
One test, four engines ruined.
One lie detector test and it'll be crystal clear.
For a romantic engagement.
One lost moment at a time.
It was used in a robbery at sea.
A false alarm about a tsunami hitting the west coast of Thailand
A mud facial! Oh, and here's one.
It's a deep cover job.
On a deep, spiritual, mystical level.
Like this, all at once, right?
All in one go? Your old geezer!
A snowboarding injury.
It's a sweet score?
Out on maneuvers, we found a dead girl in the woods,
One performance.
An exciting exploration of insignificant ancient historical events?
A little near - death experience you lose your spine?
Almost dying's been clarifying.
A volcanic eruption just grounded all flights out of Asia,
A catastrophic geological event shifted
One fatality. The pilot.
I lost my copy in a barbeque accident.
This, uh, woman came into our office. She'd burned her lips off in a cooking accident.
Because one explosion won’t do it.
One blast, big enough could knock out the power grid for months or years,
An explosion he was in blew out his eardrum and collapsed a lung.
To love more than one person at a time.
Special operation, captain. Berlin, to be precise.
A crime, a missing person,
Foul. No, two fouls.
Southern Utah once, I think it was.
A rebellion of Jews against the Romans ended in a siege of Jerusalem.
A hesitation,
That the evil ones will collapse once and for all.
In a hunting accident.
A one - of - a - kind event that will draw qualified buyers, right?
That's a lot of guys for one hunt.
And a bump in paygrade, that's somewhat welcome, huh?
Bilbo: two guesses at once.
One count of indecent exposure.
A cat scan!
One game at a time, Lu. We don’t all have your imagination.
An exchange of currency, yes.
A haircut.
Richard Wagner visited Liszt in Weimar.
A sweet death.
From one single birthing.
Acquaintance leads to friendship
No. But you will.
Life to live.
A celebration of life.
A chance to live -
One battering with a tire iron.
One near electrocution wasn’t enough?
An electrical fault sends signals
A radio break.
An electrical accident.
That was one crazy ride.
One fine fucking day when your defences are down.
One miserable experience shouldn’t ruin all the rest.
A harrowing experience, but I've learned
In a pre-invasion strike,
Then one day in broad daylight on - duty, he wraps his car around a pole on fifth Avenue.
One - time million dollars bet.
Not even a full dose.
Th - that hurt you so bad once isn't gonna do it again?
A reunion of friends from night court.
It's like every run's its own mountain. I'm not used to it at all.
Once, I can understand. That's a mistake. But twice?
A royal proposal has been made.
One time, the warden told me Tedrow was in the infirmary.
One arrest.
And an embezzler like.
A campaign about the dire issues facing this great nation.
It was a blind date and we went to Arby 's.
People could have known of a catastrophic meteor strike that
A brow lift, two otoplasties.
One more time.
A real vacation?
A really beautiful relationship is a once - in - a - lifetime thing,
To be with a real adventurer
A real date.
Going on an actual date is a really big step forward in our relationship.
Grace: one. Really?
A canthoplasty to tighten up the bottom lid and give you that catlike appearance there,
A well - aimed thrust or a broken neck will kill.
Once? Do you know what once leads to?
And for one fleeting, heartening moment it came from the papacy itself 
A temporal anomaly in global consciousness.
What weighs upon me.
At a conference of oil ministers.
An encounter can be everything or nothing at all
Once she gave her a little hood of red velvet.
Was graphically illustrated by a chance accident.
As the likely source.
Takeover of every sovereign nation on earth.
With a man in a kind of flat.
A "secret sex party"? What would you call it?
An undercover operation to try to recover the uranium
Something foolhardy. Kept some other boys alive.
A little bit at a time.
A perfidy of epic proportions.
Once through the park, down through the northeast.
And through a door one time.
One bust.
One bust... Quick and dirty.
In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, general grievous,
A single touch could kill you.
A simple trip to the beach could be all it takes to
Rescued two other soldiers in an explosion.
One Michaelmas,
Of a brutal sexual assault.
A calculated risk.
A spiritual experience.
A spiritual experiment it involved your dad, actually.
It's an intense experience.
An emergency cabinet meeting today
An emergency recall election removed him from office.
It's a date.
One date. Two drinks.
One date! But you're sure there aren’t any knights?
You can tell all that after one date? I can tell right away.
After one date you try and improvise on a machine?
One date and a thousand phone calls.
One date, Jen. That's all I'm asking.
Zero dates. Zero.
a mini mighty break. What I need is one mistake
Big time, for a good old - fashioned throw down.
Tie one at a time.
One kidnapping,
Give her three.
A singular opportunity.
She was awarded $50,000 for a crash that left her with a demonic sex urge.
Look, an evacuation without information will lead to mass public panic.
A rare opportunity
A rare opportunity, to start their lives over again.
A $200 fine.
What's one sin more or less? Let's do it again.
Thanksgiving memory out of this day?
A nice date will remind you what a catch you are.
A fabulous holiday and one I'll always remember.
An exhibit of Mesopotamian art.
A flare blasts ripples across the solar face.
A real honest - to - God sit - down date
One time, my parent took me and my brother camping,
An exam yeah.
To an exam, you can use the spell book and the family wand, too.
It was just one time.
Once. To break the sire bond. Turning needs to be painless.
Again... Stop it
Once. You did it once. I got them to school, didn’t I?
One time I did that one time.
Just one. You can’t live someone else's or think it's more important,
Once, and then you never did it again.
Just once, I wish he wouldn’t make such a big deal about everything.
A $50 million campaign
An ear infection, whatever, sends us to the emergency room six times a month.
So an ear infection... Is this bothering you?
A joint operation. I'll choose my sector.
How long can a federal investigation go on for?
At a sitting!
I grossed over $8,000 in one evening.
There's a legend I heard from a guy at a convention
At a party, a lieutenant pinches this girl's ass.
One stock market crash, and numerous blind dates,
And one line at a time,
One betrayal, one lie, and all our lives changed.
A triumphal regression to the age of darkness
Reconcile with someone you love.
A chance to heal those nasty wounds,
I got $130 for one transaction.
Up to 150 at a time
I followed 6 people at a time
Can you do that twice in a row?
20 minutes at a time.
At one strike.
A power surge.
A failed ego - driven experiment written up in medical journals.
An overdose and a shot at 30 years inside.
A bicycle accident.
One fatal mistake and they doom their entire race.
Gang shootout during a street Festival.
As a time to actually get more invested.
On a rescue mission... All alone
Once. The premiere of delta blue bombers.
Abuse case.
It's not gonna be days at a time,
I got away with it this time. But what am I gonna do?
A jam?
Operation? My God.
You cooperate twice in a row,
One operation, I find myself alone, staring at a crate full of cash.
It was a good idea to risk all my money on one mission?
It came as a package deal.
A course of action necessary to the national good,
Some show.
A walk to convey power,
One chance to make yourself stand out.
Then there's the time I got hit by that car.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me ad nauseam.
One hit... And one bite... Is all it takes.
One prior for assault and battery.
We need to have two eliminations at a time.
One meeting... So I'm not being hasty then?
A damn carjacking.
A mandatory 1:00 staff meeting last Friday.
One - time ruling. Normal house rules resume.
And a failed video chat. I win!
Oh, one problem at a time.
One problem at a time, all right? Okay.
Takes care of two evils at once.
Would be willing to open a discussion
To handle one of us at a time.
Single elimination, no second chances.
I never made the first touchdown.
That was a warning.
A police action, a minor affair.
A police terrorist response drill.
Take it one girl at a time.
Was also an opportunity this time for us to get it right.
A crime that has me at a crossroads.
A chance to fulfill everyone's dream
That now claims all Seattle
Was an exercise.
Once. Training mission.
Once. In training.
We ever had.
A visitation.
In the course of a comprehensive tour,
An evidentiary hearing
Once to prove he's a man.
And once to prove he can kill.
An exploratory meeting might be in order.
To judge an actor's ability from an audition.
I could never geta single test to work.
Of not communicating once verbally.
Get it together you have to heal your heart
Get it together you wanna heal your body
Nominated for a Nobel prize.
He asked me, what do you want to
One conversation, I'll clear this whole thing up.
Of sabotage: surgical assassination.
One - stop shopping. Everything you need right at your fingertips.
A gamble. An act of faith.
One stride at a time.
One step at a time. And after last night's shooting,
Just once in my life!
Once with Laura... Oops... And once with me and Dick, remember?
Let them bounce the crap out of each other
I missed a jump and fell on my ass.
A leap and split.
A mishap with a car.
Three swatter calls, one shift. That's a first.
Chance for a lighter sentence.
A smooth, easy ride.
One rash action does not merit a rash response!
One little touch and love's knocked me out
A sudden massive release of energy
And if you inflate it all at once.
A little past experience. Like what?
Do it more than once, it's not novel any more.
No cuts, no special effects
Charge the ammo, we got one chance to get this right.
Put all the money in the slot!
One foot at a time. Slow!
A movement.
A recent trauma may have triggered this.
Once isn't enough?
One of them won’t do it, but the second one will set you free
Dare or double dare?
Dare or double dare? Triple dare.
What, once, twice in the past few months? That is my kid.
Just once, or many times?
One of those fights was with a teacher.
One time or more than that? More.
One time or more than that?
Not a single time.
Not once has this ever happened.
How does it feel to not be in control for once?
That may well preview
One infraction and you're out.
A family trip has been long overdue
During a pursuit, this cop, brand - new, his car flipped.
L was driving west across Texas.
Are intended as, were a posthumous pilgrimage to the city of Abydos.
Be the most historic telephone call ever made.
One shot! - no, they're our future!
A set - up, all set - up.
An arrest can spook a subject,
accidentally
accidentally in love
That crazy kid chased me across the field
One time is - it's creepy. L - listen. I think that your relationship is charming.
Once... When I was a teenager.
Like, never?
And just once, you know.
Over the next 15 years, and he goes straight to jail.
That's for one cook.
She didn’t go down in the water.
Nary a single time since you got here!
She never even cried.
And not once did you think to bet on the outcome?
Not once, and I want to talk about him.
Never once. My father was 66 or seven
Never lost a single case.
Never touched the mat once.
And not a single transaction.
Even one time
You never had any visitors and suddenly.
Not once! Nothing! Zip!
Not once. Never. You know what? I don’t take it personally.
Not once? Not since we moved here.
Not once. Never?
Not even once? Could you?
And I haven’t been able to do it even once.
Has she been there the whole time?
I never once, you know, lost it.
None? That's what I said.
None. I mean we just found out about this a few minutes ago.
Not once? We need an answer about that.
Not once? - we need an answer about that.
Not one. I would know that.
Not even once? No.
Not a one, your honor.
Not once, but I'm asking now.
Didn’t once wear a bulletproof vest.
Not even a glimpse. Really?
Never showing his face to the camera even once.
Didn’t stall once.
Not even once? Never.
Didn’t once wear a bulletprcof vest.
Daily and without interruption.
L haven’t tried even once
Not one spike.
Ten different ways. Didn’t pick 'em once.
A culling. Entire settlement.
You don’t get weak vertebrae from just one hit.
A major - a major confrontation.
A main power grid failure.
It would take a momentous find
A rerun. What a rook.
A chance for a new start.
A chance to reinvent ourselves.
A boar hunt. Sylvia: you never went
A boar hunt. You never went on a boar hunt.
A brutal check!
A picnic date with, uh.
Mistake? Lt was more than one time.
The same mistake all over again.
One wrong move.
That one prior bad act does not constitute a pattern.
The revolution. Not a single mistake!
One false move, one reckless decision.
A single wrong entry disables the system.
Without making a single mistake
One long headache cos people are looking at me like I'm fucking up!
An Odyssey.
Along the right trajectory, from now until the next jump should be enough
Double flash.
Too many questions at once.
A little small talk, a smile and, baby, I was stuck
Once Alfredo got into our house here and was locked up with all of us.
One time Atticus said.
Except at one.
A chin augmentation, two blepharoplasties,
Always an experience, lieutenant.
One lightning strike, eight victims.
A stirring appeal to the heart.
A very successful transplant.
A very painful breakup.
Face - to - face conversation one more try?
And intimate one - on - one to help ease the protests against us.
One for each interview I've had.
Didn’t even want a callback.
A personal interview, physical exam.
A revolution is an uprising.
All to be thrown away because of a.
A hurricane sinks the entire Spanish treasure fleet off the coast of Florida.
A fight cost him a non-punitive letter of caution.
He died in a flight training accident.
A trip to Hong Kong.
A discreet carriage ride for what it seemed to be
What a rucus.
A black peoples' parade in Chicago.
A pep talk.
One euro fifty, please.
One euro? No, you don’t understand.
One euro. – all right.
One euro, please.
That's a bad - ass fuckin 'ride, man.
An amazing new car.
A software exactly like this one, it's just not possible, sir.
They're one - of - a - kind.
A stylish helmet that massages your head.
To an amazing new toy called baby feels - a - lot,
Involved in the multi-user online first - person shooter game,
That's an $80,000 car that came out the year her daughter was paid off.
Of a safe, over - the - counter, home - use shampoo product,
A sex toy designed by ordinary women for women.
Some video game our ancestors used to play.
New type of handbag out this week. Here it is.
A sniper rifle with a Max effective range of 2,190 yards.
It's a pretty unassuming Timex.
A special blend of Japanese fireworks
A special blend of Japanese fireworks
A special - edition.
An avant - garde look inspired by your model's hairstyle,
It's a strategy board game from the makers goblet quest and virginity keep.
A video game.
From the classic game of luck and skill beloved by children of all ages 
That's an English cologne.
It's an app. Here, give me your phone.
A car Jeremy loved so much that he bought two of them,
A super-deluxe cell phone.
She needs to be able to be in the boardroom, be in the office,
We got a real pressure cooker going here... What's taking so long?
As soon as it's official, Sancorp will write you the check.
One... One step at a time.
Take one step at a time.
Every step of the way.
After lie.
Little by little.
Oh, bases?
One... Step... At... A time.
One step. One step.
step by step
.. Stepping… Stumbling.
One step, one step, one step.
One step one step one step one step in case you choose
Step by step, a choice is made
Step by step, go home slow
One step at a time and you can’t go wrong
Little by little, they're pulling you in.
One mission at a time.
One day at a time, okay?
And then the longer drop.
One foot in front of the other.
step, step, step up step, step, step up
About moving ahead one footstep at a time.
One thing led to another, and before you know it,
One step after another.
By degrees. You sound like Dundas! Gradually.
Placing one dainty foot before the other. All right, watch
Of who you should be.
Literally tearing the very fabric of reality itself.
And with every step, you're gonna change the world.
One foot after the other. I'm hungry.
One search led to another.
Worked my way up from there, paying my reincarnatory dues -
Scrambling our way up in undignified fashion?
Slow step backwards.
It moves smoothly towards the land in the west.
As you descend, step by step,
Step by step. Good.
It's just baby steps, all right?
Spooning may lead to forking.
One, one step at a time.
Just little steps.
step by step, I got a brand new walk
Climb the ladder.
Step - ball - change. Step - ball - change.
And take one step at a time
But one day at a time.
Everything to you.
One step at a time, okay?
Baby steps, honey.
Step by step, you'll make your way.
Baby steps, boys. Baby steps.
One step at a time. Come on, on your feet! Lean your weight on me.
And one step at a time.
One step at a time, eh?
Just one step at a time. Water.
Just put one foot in front of the other.
We'll take it one step at a time, right?
Brick by brick, my citizens.
One step at a time, my boy. One step at a time.
One step at a time, do you understand me?
Just put one foot in front of the other. We'll be out of here in no time.
And... And... And work the steps, but we can do it.
Baby steps. I'll walk you out.
Baby steps. We have a saying innarcotics anonymous, right -
Baby steps. Yeah.
Solid work, detective idiot.
One step at a time. This is gonna work. It has to.
Take your time, pick the right songs. Go for it
Hand in hand with fatal addiction.
Working your way up the ladder here,
Step - by - step, I ask you questions.
Inch by inch.
I'm working the steps.
Work one step at a time.
Expanding step by step
You have to take it one step at a time.
Step by step - everything.
He wormed his way up the ranks,
Explain things, step by step.
One thing to another, that's all.
Getting slowly cooked by nuclear radiation?
One foot in front of the other. You move. You do it.
'cause I know you've been on such a long journey to get to this point.
Headed for the slaughter.
Yardage this season. All natural?
Step by step... Slowly.
Look, this whole "one foot in front of the other" thing is easier for some people than others.
She just needs to continue all the road she's on.
One by one, the signs will call to you. You will gather them.
Up - by - your - bootstraps community activist
A step is worse than the next
Not a step out of place.
Make sure she's guarded day and night. Robb.
One foot. Two foots.
One, step together; two, step together.
One step, two.
Step, step.
It was like a step, step, step to this way.
Step, step, step. Okay.
One step, two steps
One step, two steps, he steps it up swings it, pumps it, struts his stuff
One step ahead of a hit,
One step ahead of a hit and two steps ahead of you guys.
almost there
One more step it's over
Could not take a single step
That ain’t backing up, hitting on you, and you're too damn tired to breathe.
Not to even step into the house?
Will let him out of her sight for a while.
You are not to step foot inside their house.
Don’t take another step.
You stay on my ass.
OSHA: not another step, boy.
Not another step, boy.
Don’t move. Even a hair.
Don’t you take one step, sweetheart.
Don’t you take one step.
Never left the base.
We're so hot when we step on the set.
Or just go that route.
Going all out. Yeah.
Oh, big - time.- okay. Okay.
One step back.
Oh, that far? Yeah.
Checkmate in one move.
One step closer to an answer.
One step, I won’t be.
One thin leads to another, next thing you know, out comes the came.
Like one step out of step.
Just put one foot in front of the other. It's called walking.
That's not even a one point plan! Ah!
Move?
Move? What is this?
For them over and over and over again.
Getting to know them,
Step by step, as well as you can remember.
Further and further along the path.
Slice by slice,
One thing leads to another, and they end up in bed.
To convince opponents that they're wrong,
By putting one foot in front of the other.
Every step of the way. Yeah. Bye.
So eventually you could let me win.
And worked his way up.
And they're working their way up.
Slowly step by step!
Oh. Baby steps. Whatever.
I want it to come as it does.
And I'm totally cool with taking things one step at a time.
Dragging you down to the depths of Loser ville?
Plotting our destruction with every passing day?
I think it made me crazy.
Little by little, approach and take a last hit.
Into the soiled hands of a shameless pornographer,
Step on it!
One step at a time, honey.
Take it step by step. What happened first?
Let's just be here now. Don’t worry, I'm not
Just one foot in front of the other.
Baby steps. We have a saying in narcotics anonymous, right
Baby steps. Good night.
One step at a time. Jim might not do so bad.
Baby steps, gorgeous.
By the great strategies of our strategists meaninglessly and irresponsibly
I eliminated the colors one by one.
Right up them steps,
You know, before getting back together again.
One step at a time.
Step by step, until it reaches... The basement.
Dogging me every step of the way.
It's how you get there.
One capful at a time.
Pieces solving a puzzle.
To walk right into a death trap, you have a choice to make.
Of the timeline.
step into the future
And bent on self-destruction.
Over an increasingly forlorn pottsville team.
The regular way would seem weird.
Plugging forward on
To an effulgent sea.
If you become unfocused, you will lose your music.
To the moon.
Top of the world. Top of the world.
Bad move, Jedi.
One wrong step.
One misstep, one hint we're onto them,
One misstep leads to another.
One way or another something will go wrong
All it takes is for one thing to go wrong.
Slippery slope, brother.
Elevated to the heights of society
One small slip and Camelot could find itself without a king.
We jump and we're wrong, we make ourselves the story.
Don’t you move an inch.
Do not move another inch,
Do not move another inch or I swear to God I'll shoot.
Do not give any further step. In fact, one step right.
I can’t take another step.
And one false step could spell disaster.
One missed step leads to another.
These guys have been one step ahead of me.
A bold one,
Two wounds inflicted, as you said.
We talk about 200 to 300 men
One dead, two wounded in the shooting.
One agent dead, two others wounded, one critical.
One fatality, two coalition causalities, status unknown.
But your death alone will not satisfy me.
How about a suicide pact?
One death and twelve injuries.
One, postmortem trauma... Two, postmortem trauma.
One dead, four injured.
With one fatality and a half dozen injured in the post-Christmas bombing at a local big box electronics store,
Death is the great unifier.
One down, four to go.
You fucking limey vulture motherfucker!
If I told you we were once married for 12 years?
And a 250 - ton section comes loose.
All they forgot is 50 pennies' worth of old wire.
A triangle of back - up plans.
The period of unknown activity.
It's a long - term relationship that can’t actually hurt you.
A deadly love
It's a terrible, terrible scourge.
A love without losing self-respect.
A secret relationship he couldn’t disclose an illicit one.
It's a journey like no other a journey out there
Of a future with someone.
And a needy poet, from whom I still bear the scars.
An intimate, steamy connection.
You got what? I got a movie.
That almost, but never quite was.
A past he's tried everything possible to repress.
A spell that left a curse?
That's how legends are made.
A legend is sung
It's a video of you breaking a grown man's heart.
Memories... Of a life that you didn’t live?
A piece of your old life.
A possible distress signal
Which could be translated into a message.
How long does it take a message to arrive at Rhea?
Holiday romance.
A healthy relationship can’t be built on lies.
One healthy relationship in her life?
A conversation you overheard.
Well, tough time... For a while.
It's possible to feel so much hate
A road fraught with peril.
A memory of shadows and stone.
A history of reliable boyfriends?
On the terror networks about something called the thinking man.
One video of one bomb.
A history that is riddled with blood and madness
You know what? A relationship that's not based on trust, will never stand the test of time.
Relationships are supposed to be built on trust.
That the power in all relationships lies with whoever cares less.
How does this relationship nonsense usually work?
When the other woman in your relationship
I had a terribly successful marriage.
An adventure afoot!
A period of violent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.
A pretty speech is not gonna fix this.
A blast from your past, I believe.
A video uploaded anonymously to the Internet
A precious, precious memory.
Some extremely rough and very complicated seas.
A history.
A piece of history!
To falsify a past back then
Strand by strand a quilt we weave
A friendship was torn apart.
Because there'll be value for him, in a friendship, in a cigar, in.
And that's how a friendship is born.
And a friendship hit the rocks.
An ancient incantation to release one from another's unnatural control.
An ancient prayer.
As a poor but ready substitute, a brief poetic recital,
A withering saga of mystery unveiled,
A cute animal video.
That could be misconstrued.
A breakout that we might use at Regionals.
One. With a man or a woman?
Is a consistent home life and a little direction, that's all.
Modulate at the bridge!
A comedy video circulating online
A memory.
A memory... A thought, a place.
A memory, huh? Showoff.
A committed romantic dyad is exactly the kind of relationship
With a downslope of 35% or greater
When a gene gets expressed,
A complicated relationship, but your own kids? Thanks.
It's a good time, do you know what I mean?
It's a voyage too long. Perfume too strong.
Comes to an end. - God, what a loser.
And that didn’t really work out.
A broken marriage,
Some good times, Angie
A good time.
A good code is like a good song in your head.
Ln a good relationship, there are no surprises.
A good relationship needs mystery.
An extramarital affair. Oh, my.
You can tell a lot about a marriage by the decision - making process.
After 41 years of marriage, you take it where you can get it.
A marriage takes your whole heart.
The perfect ending
A text held very important by the orthodox church,
A Union that hasn’t helped his descent into political ignominy.
Between Henderson and president Logan.
It's a recording of a conversation
A journey which led them to the one place seniors never go.
Here's a little tape for you.
An interlude?
An episode. She did.
A working relationship can be complicated,
There was a segment on workplace romance.
Having a normal college experience.
Just a serene pleasant time, and I think it'll perk up your interest in class.
We'll be right back with Sonny Munroe and Tawni Hart
Of Donny getting shot.
It's an audiotape.
It's been a strange time.
Are going to have a hard time understanding.
An awesome prank video.
With my long - term girlfriend,
And then more routine.
A happy time, a time when you still believed
A relationship. With whom?
So, you know, six weeks into a relationship,
How can so much ego be in one relationship?
If a relationship can cause so much pain,
Relationships are all about communication.
Some startling footage taken directly
Toto make it work for.
What's more important in a relationship -
You don’t have to be honest
One person in a relationship has got to punch.
I mean, the most important thing in a relationship is trust.
More, but he didn’t.
A relationship is like open - heart surgery.
Relationships are best measured by farting.
The painful truth about the state of a relationship.
The emotional build up to a relationship
Can love really last forever?
After a big relationship ends, you need some time to recuperate.
There's only so much stress a relationship can take.
Relationships take work. You need patience and understanding.
You really think a relationship should be that hard?
Great relationships often start with snap decisions
Could a successful relationship be that far behind?
In an adult relationship.
A mature, stable relationship. But are you happy?
A mature, stable relationship. But are you happy?
It was a pretty crazy time in my life, and, uh,
Cell phone video.
A video that has a tendency to induce cruel, slow - motion laughter.
A relationship that was, like, fun while it lasted,
A relationship that challenged your standardsof honesty and intimacy?
It's been a bit hard, ain’t it, Ken?
A bone fragment
Piece by piece, because there are no pieces because it's a continuum.
The time of the empty throne.
The nice thing about a new relationship, it's a clean slate.
A renewing effect, because for me.
It's perfectly normal for a new relationship to need time to find its,
It's perfectly normal for a new relationship to need time to find its, uh, its groove.
Both: a journey soon begins,
a new spirit. Let us go.
Is newly discovered hotel security footage
So we will be back right after the news.
A magical spell on us.
For David Williams,
One journey ends.
For a period of time,
This old relationship thing.
You're gonna have to keep it under 60 miles an hour for a while.
And after a while, I couldn’t take it.
A period where.
They were thought to celebrate the great outdoors and encourage the taking of physical exercise in a time
I was part of something once, and for a while.
Period? More like dot, dot, dot.
A period when our planet was a strange place with eight - hour days
A few more days for free.
A while?
For a while,
A time, a place, an emotion.
You're bigger than the last time I saw you.
A couple of times. Two or three months ago.
We won’t know for a few... Days if you 're.
And for a while, I guess we were.
A while ago.
Some time later
After a while, the world tends to
Sometime after that, to escape the horrors of her experience
Took a while, but he, uh, he finally started to trust me.
Then some time passes, people start getting up
After a while, when nothing showed up in her account,
After a while, it doesn’t even matter.
After a certain point, okay. Like, six years, maybe. But six months?
People can go months after a certain point.
It just seemed silly
For a little while now,
For some time.
For a while now, right?
Some time ago,
Well, a while back, he wrote asking for an interview.
A little while ago, most people went to bed thinking
A while back, we started hearing stories.
After a while,
After a while.
After a period of time everything will belong to you, because you have lived here.
And allows them to resume their original human form, over time.
Over time, they lost interest. I did not.
After a while you forget that all the comps are bogus.
And after a while I realized
After a while, it gets to be a game.
For some time, the general had been concerned with.
For some time now, I've been pretending to be.
For some time now, we've been hearing rumors about a new group of humans in the galaxy
For weeks I operated as a spy
For a while, it really worked.
For a while, you know?
A while? Could you be more specific?
The house has to pay out every once in a while,
Things are going to get.
I won’t be able to see you for a while.
He's good for a few nights in the sack.
It's gonna tough for - for a while
Boost your ego for a little while,
That's going to be your best friend for a while.
I won’t see you for a while.
I don’t want to see you for a few days.
A period during which many patients seemed not to properly absorb the chemo,
Nobody's gonna notice us for a while.
For a time, relatively.
The princess of Colonna's maid, for some time,
Shows me where all the cops are in a given area at any given time.
Well, that worked for a while.
You're going to have to take it easy for a while.
Out of pride.
Well. How long is a while?
After a time.
A little
And some time after that,
After a while, people didn’t know the difference.
Say that after a while, they don’t fuck.
After a while, they told me that my mom and dad didn’t want me anymore
And after a while, he'd take another.
After a while, he got sick of greeting cards and moved away to San Francisco.
And after a period of time, he's able to see the ships.
After a while, when he wouldn’t stop, it was him or us.
Either pick it up in a few days
After a while, it can make you see things that don’t exist.
Lt gets tiring after a while. You want to hear something different.
After a while, you stop growing old.
You'll pass it in a matter of days.
After a while, it was easy.
After a while, feels like home.
After some time, I.
In time, the other planet sabcin our solar system formed
In time, I'll be fine.
After a while, I started to feel lost.
It just seemed like a massive waste of money after a while, you know?
Over time, I got to be a pretty good swinger of the hammer.
Some time after I read his obituary, I remember thinking, good riddance.
And, you know, after a while, you sort of reach a ceiling,
High - value targets, over time, the enemy would concentrate
After a while, targets stop looking like targets and they started looking like.
Only to awaken some time later.
You're not gonna see me for a while.
For a while. In the open, where you can touch the ground.
A while? What's a while? Maybe a year. It's hard to say.
Been a while? It's been, like, four months, hasn’t it?
For a while, yeah?
Put it off for a little while, though, right? - yes.
We didn’t there for a while and it made me realize how much I need you.
For a while... Both of us.
I was even homeless for a little while.
Well, astonishing for a while,
What do you mean for a while! What happened! Why did she leave!
How long is "a while"?
O.K., what's a while? Like eight days?
What's "a while"?
For a while, yes.
Haven’t seen you for a while.
For a while. But then I started working on other things.
So, uh, one of the requirements for, uh,
For a little bit. Stay.
For a little while longer.
Period of adjustment?
A while. Be vaguer.
Some of the time.
For periods of time greater than, say, 30 days.
It's normal, after a certain point, for sex to slow down.
After a while, reality settled in, and you realize you weren’t looking for somebody,
A while later John said I was to do something for him.
After a while, it becomes the only way you can dream.
For a time? This city's up to its hips in blood
For a while there it was really a great marriage.
I won’t be drinking much milk in the near future.
I'm having a hard time getting my head around the fact
For a time, yes.
What's a while? I've known him for three weeks,
An off - the - record comment by mays Gilliam.
They can’t climb a flight of stairs, much less a mountain.
A normal marriage.
Section by section, piece by piece,
With very sophisticated software.
Tiny vibrating strands of energy known as strings.
A dead - end, long - distance relationship.
A life she can never be a part of,
Life she can never be a part of
It was just a little vacation romance.
A Haydn sonata, number 32.
A relationship that's deep and meaningful.
A clean slate.
One long conversation.
After a long run of cuts
There's a long train journey ahead of me.
We've come a long way.
A subconscious safari.
A very passionate thing, it seems.
And as one love affair blossomed, another.
A monologue or a scene from the play.
A monologue or a scene from the play.
In a phrase now famous, he felt his heart strangely warmed.
and a sweet melody.
A temp track for the voice - over.
It was a crazy time.
A very, very difficult time.
Some pretty intense personal stuff lately.
In this line of work.
That a real relationship has many, many, many more stages.
Like a full - on relationship.
A really beautiful relationship
A real relationship.
Errands to run.
For the moment. Till I buy something.
A kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time.
A childhood memory can instantly pull you into the past.
One childhood memory clearly springs to mind.
Piece of tubing.
From longing, from innocence, from her.
A pure love?
One of the most mind - opening experiences of my life.
An affair was revealed.
A romance that played out both in the tabloids
Announcer: meanwhile, a romance began to blossom.
When America was number one
I have a life!
Now what did you call it? A bright, brief moment.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Beginning of a beautiful friendship right here.
A beautiful friendship.
A good marriage, that 's.
A beautiful ride?
A nice time.
It was a good time, all the girls together.
It's a beginning of a beautiful friendship.
A romantic moment.
The time of his life,
A good time was brought to an end. - back off!
A full marriage.
The thing about a good marriage is, even if a terrible mistake happens,
A romantic obsession years in the making
That could give you amazing chemistry together. And I believed it.
A relationship will only succeed if it's built on total honesty.
One dance. A short one. No crazy dance mixes.
Every time a bunch of idiots give you a hard time.
A forbidden love.
A video. - and I am going to provide for her,
A proper relationship. She said so in her e-mails.
A time when you take a break from your normal routine.
The time when the demons of regret come for you.
A comment we don’t even get a photograph
A comment? We don 't even get a photograph?!
A journey towards honesty.
To hear something in the beginning of a conversation.
a rolling rhythm.
a rolling rhythm... And a sweet melody.
A real relationship with an authentic gentleman
A run... I'm training for the Nike river run next month.
It's a drive.
A bitter story. I was very young.
A history? That sounds interesting.
A past love or us? Was it our song?
By telling us about a good memory.
Well, it wasn’t forever.
In a moment of transition,
There should be a grace period, then a getting - to - know - you period,
One of the trace algorithms caught a discrepancy, all
A criminal video like that would've been confiscated immediately.
That you're in an important relationship is beyond me.
Strands of blond hair.
A copper pipe, and a bent anchor bolt?
And didn’t hear from each other
AP it's been a journey, hasn’t it?
Pretty rough stuff this morning.
An extraordinary experience.
Silver: an incredibly gratifying experience.
It's about a pretty messed - up relationship.
It was a great opening routine, was a lot of fun and it was perfect.
A very good time.
Notes of a particular piece of music
A stream of chatter - part of it's an audio recording.
A "hop, skip, and a jump from the gate"? That's what you call that?
Messy business. Be careful.
A dark joke, a sunny day.
Sire. Where's the emperor?
Increase to two the number of conjugal visits per MOH.
Where a drug suspect leaned into your vehicle handing you something.
One for one. One Totnes pound for 1 sterling.
We are tied ,1-1.
1:1 - a tie
1 to 1! It's tied!
One - to - one correspondence
Um, one - to - one, sir. Come again?
I'm giving one - to - five odds that atom don’t make it out the first round.
Up - nothing. End of the first half.
Down one - nil. Come on!
Store manager - one, assistant manager - zero.
1-0 to the Arsenal!
1-0 to the Arsenal.
Right after graduation.
Flew in every year on their own nickel.
It's no use to delay
Tight with a pound, is she? - that's just the tip of it.
And tight as an oyster! Well, that's my evening spoilt.
No money in it. Says you.
It's a total boycott.
Not a dollar.
12 cents? Seriously?
Oh yeah, there you go, ten cents.
Nothing. Winners don’t need spots.
Not a penny less from your daughter's ransom.
Not a single dollar.
Nada. That's bad business.
Not a dime, kiddo.
10 cents apiece,
For a dime - a - dance girl.
And I hope that I get every cent.
When we go out with her.
Don’t give them back a penny of it.
No money at all?
No money anywhere.
A dime, including overhead.
You sell for a dime.
A dime on the vig.
I haven’t seen a nickel.
And didn’t pay his rent. You sold it?!
Said she wasn’t going to tip them and well she didn’t
You're not going to get any raises.
It didn’t cost him a dime.
And not have a dime left over?
Do not give him anything.
Doesn’t get one damn dime.
And couldn’t even find a dime.
Not one centime. Especially now he's met with bangstry.
Literally not a penny.
There wasn’t a dime left for me.
Zero dinero spent on the sauce.
A full milligram of xanax would knock her out cold
One milligram eppy in that sounds good.
A millisecond of brilliant light
One millimeter at a time,
As little as a millimeter can mean life or death.
Every detail.
With a blanket full of guns.
An officer is down. I repeat, an officer is down. A trooper's been shot!
And in a fit of anger, you jerked this from his hand
I was so pissed I broke it
And I shove him overboard.
Angry enough to kill.
A few words spoken in anger absent thought?
That must look good for you, making so much money.
Nicely done.
This is the one, you guys. Lots of energy.
That's what I'm talking about! Damn!
Go through it just like a regular producer run - through.
Way to go, dad!
Talk faster. Eliminate the dead air between your words.
Nitrous oxide poisoning.
Nitrous? - laughing gas,
The nitrous oxidecanister's open.
The nitrous oxide canister's open.
Crazy amounts of nitric oxide.
And nitric oxide is
The n20 ultimately suffocated her.
Start the nitrous. Give me two large - bore l. V. S
Minoxidil absorbs infrared light.
Carbon monoxide?
Carbon monoxide fumes.
Carbon monoxide poisoning?
We die of carbon - monoxide poisoning.
C o poisoning might have come from these cigarettes.
He had carbon monoxide poisoning and he was found wrapped in a fumigation tarp.
Carbon monoxide poisoning also disorients and confuses long before it kills.
It was poisoned by the Co.
Of your vics.
Poisoned with carbon monoxide, has phosphene on her skin
This one looks pretty good for it.
Co poisoning usually turns the skin red.
Uh, carbon monoxide could also cause delusions.
Carbon monoxide, ie gas.
Carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, ammonia,
Carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, ammonia.
Where carbon monoxide likes to accumulate.
Carbon monoxide gas would elevate the heart rate
And let the carbon monoxide do the rest.
Carbon monoxide, you can’t see it, can’t smell it.
Carbon monoxide has been depriving your brain of oxygen.
Carbon monoxide is potentially lethal,
C - o poisoning might have come from these cigarettes.
Carbon monoxide clings to the hemoglobin
Cohp levels are down. No fever.
Carbon monoxide, overdose... Hey, ahem.
It's completely colorless, odorless and tasteless, which is why you didn’t notice it yourself.
Carbon monoxide, nicotine, carcinogenic tars,
None of the carbon monoxide detectors went off.
When the carbon - monoxide alarm goes off, you'll evacuate with the others.
And your carbon monoxide detectors.
Carbon monoxide is potentially lethal, but I don’t think
Carbon monoxide fumes, cigarette smoke.
Carbon monoxide starved his body of oxygen.
Carbon monoxide. Really?
Carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides but 10% unidentified.
Carbon monoxide - it brightens the food for the camera.
Carbon monoxide clings to the hemoglobin and it turns the blood kind of bright red.
Eternity. What do I care about eternity?
Are one, never put your own money in the show.
One, there's always a victim. And two, don’t be it.
Come on. Let us get across. Hold!
The pool of.
The fish are biting.
An entire pool full of noodles.
200 bucks a spoon - full?
One teaspoon of this shit detonated in the atmosphere.
Oh. - one teaspoon of this hits the floor,
One teaspoon of this hits the floor,
And marshy, with pools of smelly, stagnant water.
And a heavy walking stick
Than a thick file of infractions.
Grain of sand had become
To see a world in a grain of sand,
A tin of sardines?
Nothing. Nothing?
I don’t see why. - I suspected as much.
No, it's all right. Friend.
Negative! Negative!
No. Does it bother you? - sometimes.
No skeletons in the closet? - you never know.
One. Ain’t no curses.
That's not true! - yes, it is. That's all I ever heard!
No muscles, no brains.
From where we found the helicopter.
As soon as I've done so, we will resume.
Now as soon as we’re done, we’ll call. Okay?
Once you touch it and there is no return.
For, like, months on end '? Glue and shit?
Yeah, as soon as her head hit the pillow.
I crashed as soon as I got in.
As soon as it got wet, the radio broke.
Cathartic. Yours?
She's gloomy.
One: that professor Fassbender.
One franc for a paper you won’t read. It's 10 centimes at the station!
One franc! He brought it up.
A friend at the courthouse just called me
Who populated Europe and Asia.
Just waves of pleasure.
Wave upon wave take turns to drink.
But just when the future of the buildings seemed secure,
Here comes another wave.
Wave after wave rise from the depths
And the wave after wave of enemy soldiers coming across those frozen fields.
Orgasms so intense that you just black out.
A new storm was brewing.
There was wave after wave of this and there was a wave in 1347, as I said, the biggest and initial wave.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
Next thing I know, my ex-girlfriend
With subversive tendencies.
Doesn’t let up, does it?
So much has happened, and so much is happening, and.
One trouble come soar another.
Waves of this hot clutching.
Waves of American bombers were literally obliterating German cities -
$5,000 a bet.
Fifty dollar riding.
Shoots 35 grand in one roll, craps out. He says, things change.
He started improving almost as soon as I administered it.
One syringe has sodium thiopental.
That's ten or 20,000 a hand.
A: always pay attention to strangers.
Lousiana, minus 4 for a dime.
With Ka - Kui's performance.
A hole lotta fun. That just makes me smile.
There's the he - was - done - wrong folks,
That mystic falls enjoyed after the war.
A proper gentlemen.
The high watermark of the boom.
This is absolutely impossible... - dark.
Absolute nonsense.
Art... This is bullshit! Art.
Nonsense.
Absolute rubbish. Absolute rubbish.
That's bullshit! That's not true! Don’t say that!
That doesn’t even make sense. Why would he think that?
Nothing just happens. - everything just happens.
Rubbish! He would never do such a thing.
That's bullshit! They got no satcom!
Repulsing! Is there a will or isn't there?
That's not true. It's what he thinks.
Fucking lies, Ian.
That's crap, pal. You see the anger?
That's a bunch of crap. You guys got this whole thing sideways.
You don’t know what you're talking about! All you care about is stats and awards!
How absurd. That's a lie!
Nonsense. You've been working too hard; you've lost perspective.
What am I, you son of a dog? Come, then.
That is totally untrue. You are legally obliged to serve me!
You are bluffing. You see the press over there?
That's bullshit. What do you know about love?
That's a fargin 'lie and you know it! Richard!
That's crazy talk. You set him up!
Nuts to that. What else you got?
Lies. Believe what you want.
Nonsense! Full attack!
Wrong coast. Well, this here, she full of blanks.
That's bullshit! - calm down.
No, that's not true. Don’t do this to me, OK?
Nonsense, doc, nonsense!
Nonsense. We will be the envy of every kingdom.
Balderdash! String him up! Hang him high!
That's great shit huh? That's right. What the fuck do you care?
What rubbish! 
It's ridiculous. Tell me. No, it's not. You know.
- these are ravings. - drink.
These are ravings. Drink.
Nonsense, she is in heaven,
This is ridiculous. - she took my money
This is ridiculous. She took my money
That's bull. She's got amnesia, but not so badly
Hey, that's bullshit, all right?
That's bullshit. - okay, I need to tell you guys something.
This is nonsense, total nonsense.
That's bullshit, isn't it?
This is ridiculous.
Right, it's crap, I don’t want it here.
That's such nonsense. I would never say that.
That's bullshit. I mean, we're fighting terrorism all over the world.
This is clean Kam. We'll hear no more.
No, that's a lie. We're friends. We've al - always been friends.
And here's the thing. We've run out of patience now.
He about shitted. We should still wait. What do you think?
Rubbish! I'm not banning smoking
That's wrong. - I agree. But should Blair lose Yale over this?
Bullshit! I have this programmed on my favorite stations on a timer.
This is nonsense. - I have to call my manager.
Nonsense! I'm a well trained.
That's a bunch of crap. I am her mother.
That's bullshit. I mean, we're fighting terrorism all over the world.
This is absurd! I have heart disease.
You can’t do that. Yet, here I am.
Ridiculous. I know!
That's bullshit. I know.
I know it's not true. So tell me, why is he here?
We're bollocksed. I knew your father. He was a good man.
What kind of nonsense is this? Give me my smock.
That's not true at all, is it?
Bullshit! That meteorite changed everything between us.
It's bullshit! Lee!
This is baloney. Come on. Like, today would be.
Bullshit! Come on!
This is bullshit! Every case needs to be justified.
It's crap. It's a crap trick.
Fiddlesticks and nonsense. There's nothing to be afraid of.
It's gibberish. Exactly, and that's what
That's absolute rubbish. - yeah, man.
Bullshit. Some kid over at the public defender's office
Balls! The king must never engage in direct battle.
Lies. Wait!
It's absolute tosh. Lily, stop making a show of yourself.
This is all a lie. Sing the theme song, Sarah.
Holy crap. Is this true?
That's a bunch of bull - the son of a bitch passed.
It's all just hooey. Morality disguised as fact.
Not a word. No, this isn't too.
Bullshit. Shut up, kingi, you don’t know.
All lies. I've never even seen a sky bison your Majesty.
Slanders, sir, for the satirical rogue says here
But it's all a lie.
Lying... Liar!
Copious lies. Just lies.
That would be neither, boss.
One group hates you and my brother leads that faction!
And false.
State of the art - very nice.
To pick up where you left off.
Big - time fucking movie producer named Lee Donowitz.
But it gets me from a to B, you know.
First quality, top drawer.
World-class hang, bro.
Wonderful. What a beautiful good man.
They graduated good schools. Their daddies paid for it all.
Uh, I guess it's kind of cool to realize that world-class filmmakers
First chair violin,
Ace fireballer Bob feller.
Number one, I've always said I hope the kid plays well.
A topflight alarm system,
Great boxers, wonderful cigars, salsa.
Big time.
Silver service to a gold standard. Did you make that up yourself?
And he sweated all over me.
And a homeless guy was stabbed by a gang of kids.
Great players perform under pressure.
Topping day, what?
Superb, as always.
You wish you had his people skills.
GR - great band.
Big - time underworld pharmaceutical buyer. Very clandestine.
The prince of stealth.
Champion fuckup, maybe.
Better a foremost ploughman, than an ordinary squire.
The classic champion. Partizan needs a player like him.
Beautiful script.
Top - flight medical research.
Big - time decorated detective.
Fantastic caterer and beautiful flowers.
No great comedian learns to be a comedian just by reading a book
Prime donor candidate. Next of kin signed off.
Elegant junk. It's shiny.
Top - flight team.
First team, all - American.
There are two things that separate the first - rate soldier
The first - rate soldier gets up when he's knocked down
Between a first - rate makeup job and actual decay.
It's great scotch.
Big - time entertainment lawyer.
First - rate guy.
A first - rate job.
High - class call girl operation. I love it.
Streaming video. Live on the Internet.
Big time. Huge divers.
Industry standard.
The big - time volunteer. How do you know Irwin Kerr?
And a top - notch recruiter.
Stand - up fighter, knows how to take a punch.
First - class fuck - up, third - class rock star.
That's what all big - time photographers say.
Bangy, crashy sound, like thunder? Yeah.
